hybrid cars save energy in two ways: 1.by storing energy from the breaks2.by engaging the gas motor only in it's most effective work RPM meaning that the system will engage the gas motor mostly at coursing speed (close to the most efficient motor RPM)Having said the above, driving in the city almost never gets you to the efficient RPM.Also- it is true that the same energy that is being stored in the cars' battery needed to be generated by chemic energy. The cool thing about it is that the pollution can be outside of the city and not in the city. (Like in San Francisco, the electric buses generate the same pollution as a gas buses it is just not in the city.You can also add that electric engines are much quieter then gas engines.So- all in all- I the hybrid benefits are more visible in city drivingThe gas mileage for some hybrids is better in the city because they spend more time using their electric motor instead of their gas engine.  Most hybrids have battery packs which are charged by what is called "generative breaking".  Instead of slowing down with traditional braking, these cars store some of the energy from braking into a battery pack.  Then when the light changes and the car moves again, the energy stored in the battery can be used to move the car, or assist the engine in moving the car.. . In the city this effect can be more pronounced because of more frequent stopping and starting.There are the two reasons mentioned already - using the energy from the breaks and using the gas engine only when it can work efficiently.. . One more thing to note is that for several cars, the hybrid model of a car has a smaller gas engine than the regular models (e.g. for Honda Civic the gas engine for the hybrid model is 1.3L, which is not available in the regular models). So even without the other things, this engine will get better gas mileage than the larger engines.
The Pontiac Aztek.  Cars like the Scion xB and Toyota Prius are polarizing cars but they sell in big numbers and hit their targets.  The Aztek was frighteningly faithful to its concept vehicle and answered a question that no one asked: what would happen if we put a sloping rear window and regular doors on a minivan?  Heads should have rolled at GM for that decision, the sales for the Aztek have been abysmal since its launch.It's the car Xzibit takes into West Coast Customs before he pimps their ride.
Simple math: one hand on cell phone, other hand on coffee mug, right foot on gas pedal, left knee for steering.  What do you want them to use to activate the turn signal?> Why give those drivers the courtesy of the signal when in return they just rob you of your opportunity?. . To avoid an accident.Contrary to the lazy theory...  What's the common driver's reaction to someone in an adjacent lane signaling to come into their lane?  They speed up and close the gap.  Why give those drivers the courtesy of the signal when in return they just rob you of your opportunity?
good student discount. Some give discounts for safety courses.Get on your parents insurance policy.the only discount that you yourself can get is good student. other than that you are a high risk category especially if you are male. yep sex discrimination in action. gotta love statistics.The main thing you can do is to have completed a valid and state certified driver education course, since that will lower your premiums.  Also of course you must keep a very clean record - no tickets or violations. As time goes on the premiums will automaticaly go down each year if you keep a clean record.
Some of the obvious benefits are expense but, some are for example you can get a not so used vehicle for alot cheaper than you would a new one cause who ever bought it new has already to the hit on depreciation and you can benefit from this!  The best example of this is a Used Toyota--new its price is signicantly higher than a used one of the same model year with less than 10,000 miles cause they do not hold their value as well as they did once before.  My suggestion stick with Japanese engines-Honda, Toyota, Subaru, Nissan,(in that order) I hope this helps if you have any more questions feel free chrystal_luvscars@yahooOn average, new cars lose 40% of their value in the first 2 years. It is a very good idea to buy a used car. If you bought a reliable 2-year old used car with 30,000 miles, you would expect to get at least another 60,000 to 80,000 more miles out of it. That is assuming you buy a quality car like a Honda or Toyota.  Cars are a no-win situation financially, but at least you'll spend less money over time if you stick with used cars.  Good luck!I think cheapness is about your only advantage.  And sometimes that's not an advantage at all.It's cheaper?its cheaper. that's really all but if you're going to finance it i would highly recommend financing it for 3 years otherwise if you finance it for 5 years like you would a new car by the time you're done paying it off you'll have a car that is 7 or 8 years old or more depending on what year it is. it's not a bad idea buying a car that is 2 years old bc most cars deppreciate the most in the first 3 years so you're basically letting someone else make the payments for the first 2 years. the payments will be the same but you'll only have to make payments for 3 years. sorry that was a little long winded
Here is a link to an old Mother Earth news project where they run a pick-up truck with wood and no engine mods! The process, wood gasification in a pre-burner could probably be adapted to garbage, too.... (Vegetable-oil-conversion involves a diesel engine)http://greasenotgas.com/home.html. . diesel engines can run on it . http://moneycentral.msn.com/content/Savinganddebt/Saveonacar/P115218.asp
First do a compression test and make sure your engine is in good condition to accept the additional cylinder pressure.. . Then come up with a horsepower goal which will dictate what size turbo in cfm you want. Bigger turbos have more peak output, but smaller turbos spool faster and have a more pleasant power curve.. . If you run the turbo at more than 8 psi or so, you will also need intercooling.http://info.com/
We took a freighter from Houston, Texas to Melbourne, Australia - took 28 days.. Once we were far at sea, we could no longer use the radio to contact radios on shore.. What they did use is a fax machine that routed messages through a satelite.  It worked fine.. We could contact other ships via the radio if they were not too far away.  Otherwise, we also contacted them via the satelite.Through radio frequencies (base or mobile radios). The same way police officers communicate with each other.
The alternator problem that people have mentioned is a possibility.  I also had a similar problem once when the cables hooking the battery to the alternator were corroded and didn't always make a good connection.  So I'd suggest that you check the cables first.Most likely the alternator is going bad and not properly able to charge more voltage than is needed to operate the vehicle. If you take it to an automotive shop, they can hook a voltmeter up to the battery while it is running and tell you if the alternator is bad or not.Sounds like you have a bad alternator.  Most parts stores will test yout battery and charging system for free. When you buy electrical parts such as starters or alternators do not use cheap stores.Car Quest is good.
On older remote lock systems that use the same codes each time, it's definitely possible to use a device to record the RF code for your car's unlock signal. Garage doors have the same problem.. . My opinion is that it's still safe because it's incredibly unlikely that you would be targeted by a thief with one of the code grabbers.. unless, of course, you own something that's likely to be stolen by high-tech thieves.. . To prevent this, high-end cars (Land Rover for instance) use a random rolling code change each time the lock is activated.All new cars since about 1995 use rolling codes that cannot be duplicated for reuse.
I'm assuming this question is specific to the engine.. . This sort of depends on the bike...2 strokes are a little different than 4 strokes and I will address those separately.. . The key to break in on new motors is heat cycles.  New motors are not built with crappy tolerancing like older motors so your main concern is seating the rings properly.  This is done by putting the motor through a few heat cycles.  In race applications and when facilities are available, you would run the engine up to operating temperature and go full throttle through all gears then let it cool down completely.  This process would be done a few times.  The point is to put complete load on the engine when at proper operating temperature.  Remember, this is typical only for 'race' applications.. . For most normal users, you just ride it below the suggested rpm limit for a certain amount of mileage.  The theory is that this works similarly to the above.  You don't overstress the motor and you put an appropriate load on it.  It is good to vary the rpm during break-in.. . For two-strokes, you need to run a much more oil-rich mixture for proper lubrication.  After the suggested mileage, you can then switch the mixture to the normal ratio.. . Definitely, the owners manual will give you the 'recommended' method.  There is a lot of available data on why you break in motors in certain ways and why you don't.  The biggest concern is usually seating the rings so you don't get blow by.It depends on many things. First where you are riding the bike? On the street, mountain, all this things really matter. But you have to feel how the engine is working with you, In a normal way I´ll use rear brake and clutch. But sometimes you need rear and front break. A few of them the front break and also a few times the clutch break. Just feel how the engine is working with you, smooth, and that´s all you need to know.refer to your owners manual. it will tell you to stay under a specific rpm for a few tankfulls or mileage. I ride my brand new bike easily for the first 15 minutes or so and then let the motor cool down for about 20-30 minutes.. then repeat the process but getting the revs up a bit higher..up to 3/4 throttle.. cool down again. Run a tankful or fuel through the bike avoiding heat producing hill climbs or slow trail riding..or prolonged idling.after that let er rip so the rings will break in prducing a good seal.send  it  to  me  and i  will  happily  break  it  in  for  you  lolride it like you're going to ride it normally...breakin is really only to seat the rings, and this is done within the first 20miles...enjoy your new bike
If you just changed them it's because they're crystalized  -that's normal on new brake pads. If you haven't changed them, you need to change them, they're worn out.the pads are worn.  new ones are about 30-50 bucks.  you can change them yourself.  i've done it 3 times on my jeep, 180k miles.They are worn out, most likely. You should get them check, they probably need to be changed.You probably need new brake shoes on the front if thats where the noise is coming from, take your car to a garage that you trust, there are alot of crooked mechanics.
Melting of tire rubber would likely require operating temperatures unlikely to be seen in normal highway driving except perhaps in an overloaded semi operating in the dessert in August after a long dry spell.... but ......  . Most likely underinflation of the tire thus causing excessive flexing of the sidewalls and resultant heating of the air inside the tire.it could be that the front end is out of alignment.three possible causes.. 1. Brakes are not fully releasing. Check by spinning wheels when lifted off the ground and see if there is a lot of resistance with transmission not in gear.. 2. tires underinflated. 3. problems with bearings. not likely since both tires not likely to have the same problem
Struts and shocks are very similar in function, but very different in design. The job of both is to control excessive spring motion; however, struts are also a structural component of the suspension. Struts can take the place of two or three conventional suspension components and are often used as a pivot point for steering and to adjust the position of the wheels for alignment purposes.PRICE IS THE BIG DIFFERENCE.....STRUTS ARE MUCH HIGHER THAN SHOCKS..............
Noise complaints are the main reason you will not hear them as much as before. This creates a fly zone away from civilians and over military installations and their training areas where they're allowed to. Most if not all cities around military bases have some kind of noise complaint hotline. Probably because of some cranky person in a bad mood complained about a little noise.Actually, a sonic boom is a pain in the butt if you are a civilian.  If a pilot flies too low and too fast, you won't just hear the boom, you will feel it and perhaps even suffer some form of property damage.  If you feel the boom, it will seem like a minor earthquake.  If you are too close, the sound could shatter glass, set off car alarms, even knock items off of shelves.. . Too avoid sonic boom but continue to fly at sonic speeds, the pilot must fly at a high altitude.When Concordes stopped flying, the day-to-day travel of Mach 1 aircraft came to a halt.  You might occasionally hear military aircraft that break Mach 1 but it's pretty rare.Air traffic control.  Normally only the military breaks the sound barrier. The military is under civilian control.  There is fierce competition to make general or admiral and congressmen and senators have a big input.  If a fighter jet makes grandma spill her tea she may call her senator…government regulations prohibit them over city areas
Bring it to your mechanic for a tune up.  Have him check the engine mounts, timing, valves, etc.Make sure all engine bolts are tight.
cylinder is surrounded by a water jacket ,the cooling system, and water leaks in to the combustion chamber ,water and combustion , explosion, do not mix. Misfire....http://www.info.com/Out of round bore, cracked, worn, or scored liner will cause piston rings to wear faster; increasing oil consumption, causing blue smoke in exhaust. If crack goes thru to water jacket, will cause some loss of coolant, white smoke (steam) in exhaust.
For your own safty. Windshields are made up of vinyl sandwiched between two pieces of glass. If this is compromised the structural safty of the windshield is destroyed. What once would protect you from objects coming in and you flying out is no longer.Because cracks often unexpectedly grow larger and can quickly cloud your field of vision making your car really dangerous.  It's happened to me before.iv'e never had to replace a cracked windshield for safety unless it was in the drivers line of vision(like u said).. maybe the mechanics just being sticky.. try smashing the entire window out and tell him it's a brand new clean one.ha haWell, since the mecahnics are trying to replace the inspection stickers by using some kind of tool, it's best to have an uncracked windshield, eventhough the crack doesn't interfere with your road viewing. They can try to take off the old sticker with a cracked windshield but if not careful, results can be messy. Hopefully, this is helpful.
you can pick up a plastic tank repair kit at a parts store. i think permatex makes one.I would go with JB Weld. You can buy it at most auto parts stores. It's been a long time since I used it so check to ensure it's okay to use on gas tanks.. . If not, look at local salvage yards to pick up a used gas tank for practically nothing.duck tape
Lean logistics is about the elimination of waste and the increase of speed and flow. Although this may be over-simplification, the ultimate objective of Lean is to eliminate waste from all processes. At the top of the list of known wastes, according to Lean theory is the elimination of inventory. More simply, any inventory should be eliminated that is not required to support operations and the immediate need of the customer.you are getting too much air in your mixture check for vaccum leak or a hose that is lose crack in one of the small hoses to your intake
Take your Driver's License.. Even if you don't have the renewal form the clerk can go on line and retrieve all info.. Just remember, in PA, no cash (Only Check or M.O.). $26.00 without Motorcycle Endorsement.. $46.00 with Motorcycle Endorsement.Normally you get a photo id card from the state that you take to the local DMV photo location to have your picture taken. . . In the absence of that, check out this website:. https://www.dot3.state.pa.us/driver_services/dllogin.jsp#top?20051220125641893=20051220125641893. . If that doesn't help, check out their FAQ's. . http://www.dmv.state.pa.us/faq/index.shtmlYou may be able to renew by mail and simply pay the fee, depending on your renewal history. Call your DMV to answer this question.
I don't know about you, but I park on the driveway because my garage needs cleaning.... . Oops, nevermind, read the link!because we can, thats ythis is either profound or pathetic.....redundancy?. . you would BE in a parkway, not PARK in a parkway?
Well the top one kinda has the idea, it has nothing to do with engine balancing but it will cause the engine to run rough if at all. It will run rough, idle, lose power, surge, die and many many more exciting things. Its something you should replace soon, its not the easiest on your engine to limp it around like that. Make sure that is your problem though, as parts like that can get expensive real fast if you replace them before knowing for sure that that is the problem.It will cause the engine to fire abnormally causing misfires, unballanced engine, loss of power and speed, and rough idling. Change it before you kill your engine.My dad had to have his distributor cap replaced on his 1989 ford ranger and it fixed the issue with misses particularly in the lower gears.
If I were you I would take my car and have it professionally tinted.  Amateur jobs always have bubbles and look amateur.This is a really bad do it yourselfer idea.  Any professional installer will tell you it takes a lot of experience and some skill to do it properly.  Also, you need the right tools to make it fit and adhere properly.  . . From what I understand, you need to completely clean the windows with the right solution.  This doesn't mean plain glass cleaner.  Next, you need high quality tint and the appropriate solution to get it to adhere.  Sounds simple, until you have to cut the sheets to fit properly and remove all of the air bubbles.  A lot of sharp razor blades and careful cutting are used at that point.  . . I recommend you do not attempt this as I know some professional installers and have asked them why it's so difficult.  To do it right actually does take some skill, proper direction, and tools.
Its probably an 1157 and you should be able to pull back the carpet in the trunk and see the sockets. Pull out your bad bulb first and then you can match it. The guys at your local AutoZone or Advance Auto can help too, just drive on overit should have screws that come out from inside the trunk. check the owners maunal for pictures
Might be the p1800, but this was built much earlier as Volvo's "sports car.". . See Links below for picturesVolvo built a 2 seater sports car called the P1800 from the early 1960's through the mid 1970's.  It was built as a fast-back coupe or a square-back called the P1800ES. Quite a few of these were imported to the USA.  You can find more info on these at www.volvop1800club.se. . There were several "hot Rod" Volvos in the late 70's and early 80's, including the 262C coupe, with body designed by Bertone of Italy.  The 242 Turbo and 242 GT were also big on performance, but all these were 2+2 cars with a full sized rear seat.. . I don't recall any other 2-seater Volvos.
I looked on Google & found these slow-motion K-rail videos. Not an answer to your question but wow! Check 'em out, especially the "downstream" clips!! (see link below)http://www.info.com/
A really simple answer is that a jet engine sucks in air, compresses it, injects fuel into the compressed airstream, ignites the fuel, and the burning fuel/air mixture exits the rear of the engine, creating thrust that pushes the engine (and the airplane it's attached to) down the runway into the air.. . Of course, a more detailed answer could cover several large volumes of manuals covering all the small details.check out http://travel.howstuffworks.com/turbine.htm. you can search for how all kinds of things work.
http://info.com/actuators are the motors that unlock a door if you have keyless entry or power door locks, pop the trunk etc. electro means they run on electricity, hydralic means they are filled with fluid as opposed to pneumatic, air.
The car most widely referred to as the "Model A" was produced by Ford Motor Company.  It succeeded the 'Model T' in 1928 and was itself succeeded by the Ford V8 in, I believe, 1933.a model a is one of the earliest fords ever built.
"A sport utility vehicle (SUV) or off-roader, known in some countries as a four wheel drive, (often abbreviated to 4WD or 4x4 - pronounced "four-by-four"), is a type of passenger vehicle which combines the load-hauling and passenger-carrying capacity of a large station wagon or minivan with features designed for off-road driving. In more recent years, the term has also grown to encompass vehicles with similar size and style that are marketed as sport utility vehicles, but which do not actually incorporate substantial off-road features. A new category, the crossover SUV uses car components for lighter weight and better economy. Some who dislike this trend of giving this SUV label to vehicles which are neither sporty nor used for extra utility may use the definition "square ugly vehicle" instead."Sport Utility Vehicle.
your best bet is to just trade in or sell, get a dodge or toyota, fords bite, and to be totally honest, 99 was the worst year for all makes of trucks, and it was a sad year for dodge too:(Usually get my best info from Chilton's auto manuals. Around $20 bucks at an auto parts dealer. Great to have whether you ever eventually need to reference it or not.RANGERSTATION.COM.....THEN GO TO TECHINAL
Slowly i mean very slowly lower the jack and as the car lowers it will put presure on the hub and wheel and break it free. DO NOT LOWER ALL THE WAY DOWN OR REMOVE THE JACK WITH THE LUG NUTS REMOVED.A rubber hammer will work.  If not, heat the wheel with a propane torch - it should expand, making it easier to remove.  Another thing to try - loosen the nuts then shake the car back and forth.sledgomaic,  wack a mole, just beat it !!!
Ask a highway patrol!I would go on line to your State DMV and run the check.. It might be cheaper and safer than the other answers.Go really fast down the highway until you get pulled over by a cop. He'll be able to tell you for sure.A Highway Patrol officer will let you know.when you see a police car stop them and ask them they WILL tell you.Call you local MVD to find out the status of your license.. . If you go in person, they will take your Driver License card away if you are suspended.. . Do not drive to MVD or Police Station if you think your license is suspended.  In most state, that would be a misdemeanor violation that is subject to arrest.
Did you mean 5 lug studs to 6 lug studs? If that is what you meant, There is no convrsion availible that I know of. I think you you could convert it, it would probably be cheaper to get 5 lug stud wheels.http://autoparts.411web.com/
it is called a vehicle identification number or VIN number. It is sort of like a social security number. It records all of that vehicles history.&#92;; whre it was built, where the parts came from, who has owned it, if it has been in any accidents etc.Robert is absolutly correct in it being the Vehical Identification Number (VIN).  In newer vehicals it is found on the dashboard on the driver side, as well as under the hood.  In older cars it is found underneath the dash, in glove box and possibly other locations.. . If your VIN number is located on your dash then I would suggest covering it up with tape because someone could get your # and go to the local car dealer and get a key cut for your car...and off they go with your car. Dealers are supposed to get identification when they cut keys from VIN numbers but...dont usually.
Of course the "speedometer" can be reset to zero by stopping.  The "odometer" that measures milage in a modern vehicle (or bike) is designed to prevent resetting to avoid fraud when the bike is sold.  Good luck.http://autoparts.411web.com/
remove negative battery cable first.next the positive battery cable.to install battery,positive cable go in first and then the negative. it take about 15 minutes.you need a 5/16 wrench,13 mm socket with long extension,a ratchet.rinse all the corrosion and dirt before you install with water.remove your winsheild wash fluid container. it is located underneth.
before you replace the cylinder you might want to try a spray lube. PB Blaster is my favorite. Spray the key and then wiggle it inside the lock. Good Luck, KamiKatTry wiggling the steering wheel. Sometimes when the steering locks comes on it makes it unable for the key to be turned.graphite powder sold where ever keys are madeMake sure it is in park if it's an automatic. Also try moving the steering wheel back and forth, sometimes this causes the lock to disable. If neither of these work, you may have to replace your ignition entirely. This is easy to do, usually there is a diagram on "how to" included with a new ignition switch.
take some capacitation from school. start on a low level. lie on your aplication. look like inmigrant and make some funy accent and I bet you have the position you wanthttp://info.com/
Um well you will need an Infrared timing gun to check your timing ... and they aren't cheap.... you should check your recomended timing specs for the engine too see when your cylinders fire.  This is known as your firing order.I would start with a repair book.
PLEASE TELL ME YOU DID NOT TRY THAT LAST ONE!!!! That will eat your paint right off. use the heat gun like they said but go to WalMart and get yourself a product called GOO GONE. Its a translucent gold colored liquid and comes in a small, clear spray bottle. Works every time, just spray the residue left by the sticker with the goo gone, let it soak for a couple of minutes, and wipe with a soft cloth or paper towell. >DO NOT USE ANY TYPE OF SPIRIT<Try a hairdryer to soften the sticker.  If this works but leaves adhesive on the paint use a rag soaked in white spirit (rag nearly dry)  to remove adhesive.  I have used white spirit on a rag nearly dry and it had no effect on my paintwork whatsoever.Both of the previous are correct about applying heat to loosen the adhesive, but I personally prefer the use of denatured alcohol to remove any remaining adhesive. It definitely will not cause color change. It can be obtained in any hardware store or hardware sections at some department stores. This is also a good product to use in removal of stains from fabrics such as carpeting as well.
Turbos also often work in conjunction with intercooling, when the turbo produces above about 8 psi pressure. Intercooling cools the air charge before it enters the intake manifold.Turbochargers are a type of forced induction system. They compress the air flowing into the engine. The advantage of compressing the air is that it lets the engine squeeze more air into a cylinder, and more air means that more fuel can be added. Therefore, you get more power from each explosion in each cylinder. A turbocharged engine produces more power overall than the same engine without the charging. . . In order to achieve this boost, the turbocharger uses the exhaust flow from the engine to spin a turbine, which in turn spins an air pump. The turbine in the turbocharger spins at speeds of up to 150,000 rotations per minute (rpm) -- that's about 30 times faster than most car engines can go. And since it is hooked up to the exhaust, the temperatures in the turbine are also very high.
Press the reset button until the light goes off, then press it again and hold until the light blinks.  Then you're reset.I would call the dealer and see if there are any tricks.Each model yr has its own tricks.
Yeah, the Pros are pretty much everything bad about gasoline, hydrogen does right.. . Cons are that there is no infrastructure for hydrogen cars yet, and the menu costs of switching nationwide to hydrogen cars would be absolutely crushing for the vast majority of America. I guess there also is that driving bomb, thing, although safety is obviously a pretty high priority with all that hydrogen.pros : clean energy. cons : walking nuclear bomb
It's called a "three holer" because it has 3 engines.  The design was a compromise between United, who wanted a 4 engine plane capable of flying to high altitude airports like Stapleton International, American, who wanted a 2 engine plane for fuel efficiency, and Eastern, who wanted a 3 engine plane for overwater flights to the Carribean.http://www.info.com/
drain the coolant out, drill a hole in the center of the freeze plug, and then thread a screw into the hole and attach it to a slide hammer and pop it out.  If you don't have a slide hammer, you can use a seal remover and insert that into the hole and pry it out.  dont forget to put sealer on the outside edges of the new freeze plug when you install the new one.http://www.autozone.com/repair_info.htm
The fastest shinkansen (super bullet trains) travel at approximately 100 miles per hour. The standard shinkansen move at the more leisurely pace of 60-80 miles per hour.http://www.info.com/
Does the radio burn back off when you release the brake pedal?  If so then you know that the radio is hooked into your brake wire somewhere.  If the radio does not turn back off after you release the brake pedal then it may be a short.I can't tell you why but I would guess it has a short somewhere. You might want to get it checked out before you have a dead battery or even worse a fire.Brake lights are back feeding the radio. I don't think brake lights and radio should be on the same circuit. Sounds like somebody spliced it in. Could be caused by installation of after market radio, remote starter.
Onstar systems are linked to several satellites just like satellite television. Like television signals they send a personalized signal to your cars onstar processor to activate the locks.http://autoparts.411web.com/
Float glass (actually large sheets of glass) is made by floating molten glass on a layer of molten tin.  Gravity produces a smooth upper surface the way water levels itself on a mill pond.  The molton tin allows the glass to float because glass is less dense and the interface between the glass and tin is also smooth because gravity levels out the tin and glass.It should be noted that is is not just tin that is used.
hesitate? like it were a stick-shift Car? well there could be one problem ,it's either that it needs oil or the transmision .if it is the transmision u would have to have it fixed.when the car hesitates the transmision is not shifting well.its a fuel issue . do a tune up with a gas filterWhat type of car is it, what year is it.  May want to check with dealership on if the have had that problem with the same model vehicle.
YOU DON'T IT HAS A SELF TENSIONER IDLER PULLEY THAT KEEPS THE BELT TAUGHT.. IF THE BELT IS SQUEALING YOU'LL NEED TO REPLACE THE BELT AND THE TENSIONER.has a spring loaded tensioner.which may need replaced/is belt slipping?
Probible causes: Your Starter could be broken, is posible that you got an electrical shortage, your batery is dead, your alternator could be broken.This question would need a little more information - is nothing; 1) absolutely no response when the key is turned, 2) it turns over and won't start; 3) it makes noise but won't turn over. I'll assume it's the first and the cheapest thing is to check the battery connection - terminals and cables. If you have power in the car (lights, etc), it could still be the battery but not as likely. From there, more information is needed.
Ambulances, and all other emergency vehicles only use their siren when necessary.  The schools that you see them go by are probably not near an intersection, where you will normally see an ambulance use a siren.If the sirens were on all the kids would run out and see and get run over
Before it became a part of General Motors, Buicks were made by Buick Motor Company, which was founded in 1903 by (tada! David Dunbar Buick)http://www.info.com/
you have to check for any screws, sometimes they are hard to find.. once removed you should start at the bottom and slowly push a flat head screw drive between the panel and the steel of the door.. ( they sell door panel removal tools in most car parts stores ). they will be little plastic clips holding the panel tot the steel door, try and not rip the door panel or break the clips ( if you do break the clips most car parts stores sell them ). you should find some kind of paper between the panel and the actual door, do not just rip this up and throw it away. This paper seals that area for letting moisture touch the door panel.. when replacing everything, if the paper does not stick you can use a small bead of silicone between the paper and the steel door.. then make sure the plastic or metal clips line up with the holes and press them into the holes.. and replace the screws.http://www.autozone.com/servlet/UiBroker?UseCase=RG001&UserAction=beginRepairGuide
It depends on what state you live in. Here is some very useful infomation.http://info.com/
SOMETIMES..UNHOOK THE NEG. BATTERY CABLE FOR ABOUT 5 MINUTES WILL DO IT. DEPENDS ON WHY IT CAME ON. IF IT COMES BACK ON THE PROBLEM HAS NOT BEEN CORRECTED. TAKE IT TO YOUR DEALER, THEY CAN HOOK IT UP AND FIND OUT WHY ITS ON, CORRECT THE PROBLEM AND CLEAR THE CODE THAT SET THE LIGHT TO START WITHYOU NEED TWO PEOPLE, ONE PURSON NEEDS TO BE UNDER THE HOOD. OPEN THE COMPUTER BOX, THE INFO UNDER THE COVER WILL TELL YOU WHCIH TWO THINGS TO PLUG A WIRE TO JUMP IT, WHILE THAT HAPPENS THE SECOND PERSON NEEDS TO WATCH HOW MANY TIMES THE CHECK ENGINE LIGHT BLINKS?Sometimes this little annoyance is the result of a bad gas cap affecting the emmissions system (sensitive little buggers). Not an expensive thing to replace. Try that and follow with the disconnect/reconnect of the battery.
on a inboard/outboard or an outboard there is this special thing that looks like two suction cups with a wire on it that has a hose connector on it. on the outboard i had it had holes just before the prop that let water inI have also seen my crazy neighbor fill up a garbage can with water and lower his engine into it.
Actually the top of the combustion chamber is hemispherical, giving more power because of better efficiency. The drawback would be the complexity of the production process, wich makes the product more expensive.Dodge? I just think it's a selling term they use. But, I really don't know. Any really know what it is?The "HEMI" engine is nicknamed as so due to the hemispherical combustion chamber design used by Daimler Chrysler.
In small-is-beautiful England, though, they didn't use monster wagons that required the driver to ride a horse; instead the guy sat on a seat mounted on the wagon. What's more, he usually sat on the right side of the seat so the whip wouldn't hang up on the load behind him when he flogged the horses. (Then, as now, most people did their flogging right-handed.) So the English continued to drive on the left... Keeping left first entered English law in 1756, with the enactment of an ordinance governing traffic on the London Bridge, and ultimately became the rule throughout the British Empirehttp://www.info.com/
The engine is a 4.7 L VVT I engine which means variable valve timing with intelligence.  This allows the valves to open and close (or breathe) to increase fuel economy and offer better performance. The "I" is for intelligence- or brains of the engine remembering your pattern of driving.It means nothing.  It's just a brand name for the 4.7L truck engine.  It's used in the Sequoia and Tundra trucks.
Check out Ebay Motors!Ask the yellow pages!. Or someone who is at the source...
In a word awesome. This site gives a bit of history and some good pics.The First Ford Mustang was debuted at the 1963 Worlds Fair and was the same as the 1964 1/2.  However the first Mustang was a prototype in 1962.  It had the distincitve air cannal on the side, but it was taller and bore futher into the panels of the car.  It was originally built as a roadster, but it slowly turned into a "pony" car.  One of the options for the 1964 1/2 was a picinic basket so mom could take the kids out.  SOOooooo Cute ^_^
one way is to go to the jeep dealer. . another way ( and I would do this first ). go to an AUTO PARTS store and ask them.. a lot of the time they even put it on for you.buy a hard top
reflective illumination.  allows illumination in a reflective manner as well as a direct manner.http://www.info.com/
brass punch. brass won't spark. fill it with water first.Take the time to drop the tank, and get all the gas out.
Should have clips that let it slide out. Or could use a hammer.Check out alldatadiy.com, they have online repair manuals for all cars (including your GMC Envoy 2005 buick) with diagrams and discriptions. You have to pay $24.95 for one year access, but it is money well spend if you can do simple repairs yourself and do not pay $90/hour for dealer's mechanic.
For some, a horn is a cheery way to say "Oh my goodness, I certainly can't drive, and have no understanding of Newton and his relevence to my own impending doom, but I think *this* button my be the answer to my problems."  It isn't, of course.. . For others, the horn exclaims, in a loud and irate way, "I am a complete encephalofecal idiot, and you'd best get out of my way because as such, I would not be responsible for my own actions should I lose control of my vehicle, my emotions, or my bodily functions."  Message received, loud and clear.To honk the gals!
It costs half as much to manufacture the plates for a given number of vehicles. However, since there is ever increasing surveillance for security purposes and some states are using cameras to photograph red-light and speeding violations, I expect that soon all states will require both front and rear license plates.Some states find it important to have your vehicle identifiable from both front and back. Some also use it for extra revenue making you pay fees for both plates.
I use Allstate, but it varies greatly by where you live, driving history, credit score, types of cars, married/single.  I would try several before just thinking you have the cheapest.  I would also go with one that offers a local agent.  If you ever have a problem you'll want someone to talk to or beat up.AAA Mid-Atlantic. The cheapest.We go with American Family and get only liability as our vehicle is old. Hubby has excellent driving record and the rates are great that they give us, about half of what I think its Geico offered, you know the one that says they can give you the best....Farmer's Insurance.  They were very good at handling the paperwork after my daughter's accident.  (No injuries, just totalled two cars, thank God)
It covers companies that work on vehicles such as a body shop. It covers damages that may be done to vehicles while it is in the shop's custody.A special policy written to cover auto salesrooms, used car lots, service stations, or repair garages for bodily injury and property damage with premiums based on payroll of the business.
A car becomes a fleet car when a company or corporation purchases or leases numerous cars (or trucks) and provides them to their employees for business use.  The employee would then be driving a fleet car."Fleet" means "fast."  A "fleet car" is a fast car.Fleet cars are rental cars in the automotive industry. They are also sometimes refered to as program cars.
I HAVE READ THAT THE STRESS OF THE ACCELERATED SPEED WAS DETRIMENTAL TO THE STRUCTURE OF THE AIRCRAFT.  CONTINUAL USE OF AIRCRAFT AT HIGH SPEEDS CAUSED FRAME PROBLEMS.  ALSO READ THAT SUCH AIRCRAFT MUST HAVE LIMITED USAGE DUE TO THESE CRITICAL STRUCTURAL PROBLEMSThe company was not making enough money, and not enough people were using the service. Also a crash happened right before the last flights. I'm sure that had something to do with it also.The Concord SST was a true engineering accomplishment for its time and served as one of the safest aircraft...until the unfortunate accident resulting from a tire blowout and the shreds of rubber being ingested by the engines. Yet the Concord continued to serve as a symbol of status and providing a sense of awe every time it past overhead. However, the rising costs of operations for fuel hungry, maintenance heavy, and aging airliner forced it to give way to the wide-body flying sardine cans in which creature comforts are sacrificed for the bottom line.
The above answers are correct except 1 point. Ther is no chance of the wheels locking up, so don't be totally scared about that. It should also be noted that as long as the abs light is on the abs will be deactivatedWhen you first start up the engine, the (ABS) anti lock brake system light will appear, that means that it is testing, to make sure that they are working properly. The light should stay on for 1-2 seconds, and then turn off. If it stays on, you should have it checked out.You will see many lights coming on, when you first start up. These indicate, they are going through a normal cycle, self testing. If any of the dash board lights stay on, it means there could be trouble, with that system.Like the others have said it does mean a problem is detected in your abs system. you can have a mechanic read the codes for you and they can tell you what exactly is wrong also in alot of vehicles after the problem has been fixed it is necessary to drive above 30 miles an hour to clear the abs codesIf the abs light is on in your truck, you should have it checked asap.  It could mean that there is a malfunction in your anti lock break system.   you dont want your wheels locking up and leaving you stranded.
A catalytic converter treats the exhaust from a car to remove pollution. Carmakers developed the device in response to the increased regulations put in place by the government to restrict/reduce the amount of pollution that cars can produce.A catalytic converter acts as a filtration system for your vehicle's exhaust system.  It filters the amount of pollutants generated by your vehicle's engine that goes through your exhaust and controls the amount of pollutants exiting your tailpipe.
Saturn uses plastic dent-resistant door and side panels, has for years.  It's great if you plan on hitting your car with a golf club now and then (which is more likely since it's a Saturn), but other than that it just makes the paint oxidize more quickly.Well, simply, Saturns suck. Plus, plastic and paint dont mix. NEVER BUY SATURNS. THEY FALL APART THE DAY YOU BUY THEM.
A "hemi" engine is found on Dodge products.  It is an engine with hemispherical combutstion chambers.  It gives more compression and power (according to Dodge, at least).A hemi engine is not all that differnt than a regular engine except that it had hemispherical heads instead of the normal flat ones.The hemispherical cylinder head increases the engine's efficiency through reduced thermal energy loss and increased airflow through the engine, but drawbacks such as increased production cost has meant that it has been a rare design.
Quit wasting space.   If your that stupid you don't need to be here we're a educated bunchA wheel with rubber coverings.Tire is the American spelling of the word Tyre, as spelled in the UK.
The mechanical version uses the weight of the train to push on a bar under the track that moves the booms down.  See the links below for more information.http://info.com/
Could be any number of things .. tie rods, ball joints.. definitely something you want to get checked out. That's a normal problem for any 1991 vehicle with high miles, Japanese OR American.check rag joint on steering columnbecause your car is american. more people should really buy japanese cars, they are more reliable.
You have to just wait for the ticket to go off your record.  Usually it takes about 3 years....In many states you can go to a state approved drivers improvement school and can get a reduction in points. Check your state's DMV website for details. . . For example, North Carolina's Policy on Driver's Improvement Clinics:. . . Driver Improvement Clinics. . If you are convicted of certain motor vehicle violations in North Carolina, Driver's License Points are placed against your driving record. If you accumulate seven points, you may be assigned to a Driver Improvement Clinic by a court or by a driver's license hearing officer. Upon satisfactory completion of the clinic, three points are deducted from your driving record. Drivers are eligible to attend driving improvement clinics once every five years to reduce driver license points. Upon satisfactory completion of the clinic, three points are deducted from your driving record. To receive point credit, you must qualify and have a conference with a driver's license hearing officer. . For more information regarding Driver Improvement Clinics you may contact the Division by: . . by writing...   or by calling Customer Service... . NC Division of Motor Vehicles. Driver License Section. Information Services Branch. 3114 Mail Service Center. Raleigh, N.C. 27699-3114 .  919-715-7000 .  . . . . The clinic fee is $50, and must be paid at any Driver's License Office prior to attending the clinic. You will be required to present the receipt in order to be admitted to the class. Please consult our schedule of clinics to find the one convenient for you. We strongly recommend that you call the contact person listed on the schedule to confirm the class time and location. . . North Carolina's Policy on this is at:. http://www.ncdot.org/dmv/driver_services/drivingpublic/driverclinics/Once you have driver points against your license there is nothing you can do to get rid of them but wait the alloted time for them to be taken off. It is three years where I live and I think that is the average. What you can do in the mean time is learn to drive safely and defensively so that you won't get driver's points again.There might be some defensive driving classes you can take that will shave off a few.
I asked this question earlier & didn't get a good answer, so I looked it up.. However our steering wheel is on the right & we drive on the left.. . Check out the link below it tells you all you need to know.In England they drive on the opposite side of the road than those in the US.  They just wanna be different (or the US just wants to be different, depending on which way you look at it.)
In texas, it's actually through the DOT and tax assessor's office, not through the Department of Public Safety.  The form you want is VTR-34, application for certified copy of title.  See the link below.well you can always file for a lost title at the dmv if the vehicle is registered in your name.  If not, you can put a mechanics lien on the vehicle, saying that you did repair work and the owner never paid up.  also, if you purchased the vehicle from someone who had no title, then you can use the bill of sale to obtain it.
No, but you should refrain from accelerating hard while the engine is still cold.  You can drive around, but treat the car as if you're breaking it in until the temperature gauge goes to normal.  The key is to keep the revs low and don't shift aggressively (if you have a manual transmission.I sometimes do, to get the heater going before I go to school/work. I dont know if theres any benefits to the car though.yah because you will be friozren in you car if you dont do thatyes so your car wont freeze and stop =)
We dont want to be the first to run out.Becausae we can make more MONEY that way. Now, ask me how and i dont know but that's usually the answer in this country.the oil is here but the companyes is from another coutrys that means the oil belong to another country not usa also the big ones have all the offices in countrys whitout taxes or less taxes,well see the situation on Irak spen a lot a money over there to have the big companys happy and money on presidentialcampaigns
There's a company called Banks Power that offers intake, exhaust, ECU, and transmission upgrades that should have just about anything, including the 6.8L V10 on the 99-05 F-350.  It's not cheap, but you can add 100 HP and 200 lb-ft torque if you're willing to spend some cash.buy a dodge.modify the air filter intake to those air filers that add more horse power.look at the edelbrock parts for your ford. intake manifold. exhaust headers. air intake. free flow catylitic converter. high compression pistons. different camshaft. msd ignition. change harmonic balancer pulleys. dual exhaust
does the transmission shift through the gears while going foward or is it stuck in one gear? The computor is failsafe IE when it fails it only alows the transmission to go foward in 2nd gear. Replace the computer with a new one or a good used one will not be that expensive to have a transmission shop check it outYou might have problems with the gears in the transmission.( busted pinion gear ) Also check the oil level. As a last resort... do you really want to go backwards? (lol)there is probably nothing wrong with the gears. The clutches are probably burned out. Either you will have to take to a professional for an estimate.
Non-clumping kitty litter can be useful. Also, contact your local fire department and ask what they use; they are frequently called upon to clean up spilled gas after car accidents.i think using kitty litter just like if you have oil in your driveway just put kitty litter on it
Could be low oil, defective oil sending unit or a dying oil pump. Check the oil level, if it is normal, take the car to the shop and have them manually check the oil pressure. If you oil pump fails, it could ruin the engine.what year altima? . it may be the oil pressure sensor. (i work in parts at a nissan dealer. this is a part that we sell a lot for '02 and up altimas.)
Well you buy a mseal & rest is written in the broucher, all you have to do is just follow ithttp://www.info.com/Cold weld refers to a two part plastic-like adhesive. When you mix the two parts together they chemically react to stick to whatever you need to fix and then it hardens like steel. You can pick up "JB Weld" at any home improvement store
http://www.info.com/hi am Eng. Atheer.  the cylinder side surface and the cylinder block must fitted 100% in order to reserve the pressure resulting from the combustion process and if we got cacks that means a passagges to pressure loss or flow so that leads to decrasing in the effciency also to pass the fire to the oil case that means oil now is burnning thay why are the cracked cras pruduced white smoke.. atheeer_doh@yahoo.comOut of round bore, cracked, worn, or scored liner will cause piston rings to wear faster; increasing oil consumption, causing blue smoke in exhaust. If crack goes thru to water jacket, will cause some loss of coolant, white smoke (steam) in exhaust.
Sounds like a question for your union rep, if you have one.  The way the airline industry is going these days, you may be lucky to even have a job!you sometimes aren't guarenteed because of all these strikes and schedules are always changing in the airline buisness.Airlines DO pay overtime to legally and / or contractually eligible employees. It’s the same thing with days off.. . The issue here is management and employee personal ethics...not the airline industry. I'm sure that there is plenty of anecdotal evidence where overtime pay and days off are denied an employee. I doubt though that one could find written evidence of a corporate policy requiring management to break the law.. . The traditional work week of 40 hours Monday through Friday is an arbitrarily constructed thing. (Why not make it, say, a 62 hour and 36 minute work week, Monday through Wednesday, 24 hours on Fridays, and then Saturday and Sunday?) . . An airline is a 24/7/365 operation. Creative staff scheduling is necessary in order to keep expenses from exceeding revenue for too long, as we saw in the case of Pan Am, Eastern, Braniff, Midway, United, TWA, Northwest, Delta....................they do, and they do...you get a monthly gaurantee of usually 72hrs a month, whether you fly that much or not. if you fly more, you get paid more. and how does 2 weeks on, 2weeks off sound...alot of lines are like that. not to mention the per diem, free hotel stays, paid food, paid rental car, and something like 2.25 per hour for doing nothing.
http://www.autozone.com/servlet/UiBroker?UseCase=RG001&UserAction=beginRepairGuideIf you are talking about the axle Seals, go get a Service Manual, it will show you where things are.. Remove Lower Ball Joint, pulled out the Brake/Bearing/Strut Assy far enough to pop the CV Shaft out of the Transmission,be sure to catch the oil, now remove the old Seal using a flat head screw driver,repeat this on the other side,clean out any dirts, then get the new Seals, using Seal Drive if you have it or a large socket, make sure that you drive it in from the outside egde(metal)part of the Seal, reinstall the CV Shaft and the Ball Joint.. . Hope this help
I dont know exactly what the smell could be but i would check your coolant level before you run your engine any further.Yeah, stinky sweet sounds like coolant, but if your engine stays on cool, could be your thermostat is frozen open allowing too much coolant to circulate through the engine. Honestly, sounds like your best bet is to ask someone you trust to reccomend a mechanic.
left front speaker--orange with light green stripe wire  is positive. light blue with white stripe wire is negative.. left rear speaker--grey with light blue stripe wire is positive and tanwith yellow wire is negative.. right rear speaker--orange with red stripe wire is positive and brown with pink stripe wire is negative. right front speaker--white with light green stripe wire is positive and dark green with orange stripe wire is negative.Red is usually power, here may be another red or orange for power that is always on.  Black is ground.  The rest should be speaker wires.. . However you can by a wiring harness at a radio shack or best buy which would fit the plug in the car so you dont have to stripo wires.
a fast check would be to start you engine, and disconnect the Plus side of your battery cable while the engine is running. If the engine dies, most likely your alternator is not working properly.You should be able to find a place that would test it for you for free (or very cheaply), like an auto parts store.. . You would have to remove it yourself though.then change the alrenator. they're relativly inexpensive and easy to install even for novices.i agree with auto part store testing besides there is normaly a core charge for the new one if its needed if you have never changed one get a haynes repair book it will take you step bye step through the proceedure as well as how to determine if its the problem,. But bye know meens remove the cables with all the sensors and ECMs you could damage the electronicks of the engine use to be you could do that but it might blow your head lamps if thay where on but in todays cars it can burn out more parts than you could imagine.. some auto part stores have a tester that can be brought out to your car in the parking lot,this will determine if its the charging regulator as well .good luckFirst of all, it will drain your battery because you're running off of it instead of the altinator.... You should be able to start your car with the battery and take the battery out with the car still running if your altinator isn't "dead".  The car won't keep power without the altinator working properly.  Battery is pretty much just there to get the car started.....
I think that you should contact the dealer, that sold you the tire, and explain what happened..You will have to prove that the tire caused the damage. That will be very hard to do. Maybe you should just settle for a new tire replacement. The phone number for General Tire is... 1-800-847-3349 Good Luck..http://www.info.com/
Yeah, what they said. But I have a link.The color red is traditionally the symbol for danger.Because it grabs the drivers attention so that they don't cause an accident.  It's a broad color that is noticable to all drivers.i think it has something to do with. how the brain takes in the surronding impressions. the blod is read and i someone bleed we´ll have to stop it or someone will die.. somehow read have come to represent something negative and green something possitiveStop signs are red because red means danger.
There should be a picture somewhere under the hood that shows how to route the belt. You will need either a 13mm or 15mm wrench to put on the tensioner pulley and twist it in on its spring just dont get your fingers between the belt and pulley.http://www.autozone.com/repair_info.htm
"Auto service" is a commonly held myth associated with getting your car repaired or treated to regularly scheduled maintenance.  . . In truth, the garage spends five minutes giving you subpar parts and used oil, adds on $60 for every five minutes of labor, and send you on your merry way.my dear flaca that means we are singles
sounds like a clutch problem, and sounds like you're gonna need to import a new clutch from japan. Thats gonna be pricey, sorry man.there is no such thing as a Skyline GT. there is a car called Nissan Skyline GT-R .if you were to fix a transmission on any car, you would need to know what part exactly needs to be fixed. it would help to know the year as well. . . they dont sell this car in America. it has to be imported and then meet the requirements set by law.why would you ask this ? you dont even know what type of car it is just let a professional handle it! . . http://www.pspthrume.com/th/sho/index.htm
I will be honest with you my man, 90% of carsalesmen are out to get every cent that they can out of you.. I know this because I buy and sell cars (12yrs.).  The reason is because sales are far in between and most people want every doller they can get because that's how they eat.  If you are in the market for a car, let me know and I can e-mail you some stuff that will keep you from getting ripped off.He will ask a lot of questions.  He will be up front about returns, policies, history, et cetera.. Will tell you that undercoating and floor mats come with the car anyhow, not extras.. He won't offer you a lot of info about himself to make you feel like YOU have to help HIM.It's easy to tell if he's lying.. . His lips are moving...
An alternator is basically an electrical generator.  A wire coil is spun by the engine via a belt and it spins between magnets.  This imparts a charge in the wire coil, which is used to fire the spark plugs and keep the battery charged.go to this site. it can help you to further analyze your concern. . http://www.tpub.com/
check the tubing to and from the carburator for blockage, check filters if any, and check the battery, does it hold a charge? if it has one. there could also be a bad wire or fuse.I had a bike that did that once. Have the stator checked.
A Audi is a luxury car manufactored by Volkswagon in germany.The main Audi plant IS in Ingolstadt, Bavaria. Volkswagon also makes the Porsche.. . Relationship with Porsche. . The company has had a close relationship with Porsche, the Stuttgart-based sports car manufacturer founded in 1947 by Ferry Porsche, son of the original Volkswagen designer Ferdinand Porsche. The first Porsche cars, the 1948 Porsche 356, used many Volkswagen components including a tuned engine, gearbox and suspension. Later collaborations include the 1969/1970 VW-Porsche 914, the 1976 Porsche 924 (which used many Audi components and was built at an Audi factory), and the 2002 Porsche Cayenne (which shares engineering with the VW Touareg).Volkswagen does'nt make the porsche. Audi Was founded by August Horch. He also started the Horch company, which he left and started audi. The word audi is horch in latin. Audi and Horch merged with DKW and wanderer to form auto union. The audi trademark is 4 interlocking wheels, which symbolizes the 4 companies. After world war 2, audi became a new company that was independant until it was bought by volkswagen. In the 70s VW needed to replace their rear engined cars with something new so they started making volkswagen versions of audi. e.g. The VW dasher is an audi fox with some things that make it look different.You mean AUDI? They are an automobile manufacturer, like Ford and ChevyAudi is the name of an automobile company. It specialises in many different forms of transport. Audi is known to provide quality enriched cars that perform well on the road and have less break downs than other vehicles.. . Audi also has the "upper-hand" in the automobile concept market. Basically, they create some of the most exquisite concept (future) cars that will be released in the upcoming future.. . You may have seen iRobot, a film starring Will Smith, note that he drives Audi's concept car of the year.. . If you have browsed their website (http://www.audi.co.uk) you would find out more about Audi.
diesel stores more energy then gas. the combustion process uses the minimum requred to keep up with power demands. lower engine pumping losses due to lack of a throlltle bodyThere is more potential energy in a given amount of diesel fuel than there is in the same amount of regular unleaded fuel.  Therefore, less fuel is used at any given time to power the diesel engine than what would be required if it were a regular gasoline engine.
pull on the seat latch located under the rear of the seat. you may have to push on the rear of the seatback forward to get it out of the tracks. do this from the rear of the seatThese links help me to find things, . . http://www.autozone.com/. http://www.carcarecouncil.org/index.shtml. http://autoparts.411web.com/. http://www.info.com/. http://www.howstuffworks.com/. http://www.diynetwork.com/diy/autos_boats. http://www.autospeak.com/index.htm. http://www.mendmy.com/answers.php?id=13909 . http://www.theautochannel.com/. http://www.motorera.com/. http://www.autopedia.com/. http://www.ask.com/?o=312#subject:ask|pg:1. http://www.edmunds.com/
Dual OverHead Cams. . It means the engine is a little more complicated, but that the designers could add more valves to improve efficiency and performance....and what it is saying is that the camshaft (sohc) or camshafts (dohc) is in the cylinder head-above the engine. with this type of engine, the valves are operated by rockers directly off of the cam(s). the other style of engines are over head valve engines (ohv) and that design was primarily used on "v-style" engines. in an ohv, the cam is in the "v" area of the block and the valves are operated via pushrods or similar means.it stands for "Dual Over-Head Cams". It means that for every piston in a cars engine there are two cams on the top.  Have DOHC as opposed to SOHC (Single Over-Head Cams) provides for better acceleration, usually.Dual Over Head Cam
Basically the principle works like this: "the faster a fluid flows, the lower the pressure".. . In the case of aviation, the wing is formed flat on the bottom and rounded on top, therefore creating a longer distance from the leading to the trailing edge for the air that passes above the wing, compared to the air that passes below the wing. Therefore, the air above must pass faster, and that is where the principle above comes into play: the air flows faster on the top part of the wing, resulting in a lower pressure above, which in turn results in the wing being pressed upwards.. . Pretty cool, huh?Go to this link. . http://www.allstar.fiu.edu/aero/airflylvl3.htm. . It is a very long article answering your question.
Bottom line...cash.  Get a job and save your pennies until you can afford to buy a used car with cash. Don't forget the cost of maintenance and insurance too.Go to a small auto dealer that you know or someone you trust knows, and ask if he'll take you to a dealer's auction and for a fee to him, you can save thousands, and choose from MANY vehicles. All Dealers buy a car for(eg)300 at the auction, and put it on thier lot for 1200.
Yes. Yes (If you want to drive the car yourself)you don't have to have a license if you know someone, but if you don't know anyone then yes you would need to buy a license. i think that they are like 60 bucks now.
Don't try to do this yourself.  You risk your children's lives and your own.  Save money elsewhere but brake work should be done by professionals.. . P.S. to previous answerer: for older people to do WHAT?Not weird at all for "old" people to do it, but ya gotta ask yourself one question. . .. . Take a look at the spelling, the questions, and the general tone of Yahoo Answers and think about whether you want to replace the brakes on your car by yourself not knowing what you're doing based on this.   . . By all means, plumbing, carpentry, etc. . but the thing that brings the car from 70mph to a stop safely?  If you put the sink faucet on wrong, you get wet.   You do the brakes wrong, you need more than a towel for clean up.no effence but its wierd for OLDER people to do thisok if you realy want to you can get a chilton manual but you will need help to bleed the brakes  ps be ready to get help.I really don't think you should try this by yourself.there are 2 things a car must do, stop and steer. Find some gentleman to help you. It's not that hard but it takes a little bit of knowledge.You can do it pretty easy.  Front wheels have take off the front tires while car on jack stands.  (wouldn't recomend doing it on the jack with the car)  I think theres allen bolts or was it tripple metric bolts that hold the calipers on the bracket.  Take those 2 off and slide them out.  The rotors shoul slide right off.   If you don't have abs, you can use a C clamp and push the round piston in the caliper back into the bracket and put new pads on.  I would not do that with a car with abs as I hear can make it malfunction.  The rears i've never done...but i hear you need a special tool to put the pison back in on the back end.  And remember  everything is reverse order.  if you have to opent he bleeder screw...you can buy a hand pump to suck the air out of the system to bleed the brakes.
Invest in a Chilton's repair manual for the Ford Crown Victoria/Mercury Grand Marquis. Very informative and easy to follow if you're mechanically inclined.purchase a 92 crown vic/grand marq Ford shop manual(s)trourgh FOMOCO.you could also purchase online servise manuals ie,alldata
start with the brake furthest from the master cylinder(pass. rear wheel) then move to the drivers rear wheel, then go to pass. front and then drivers frontI agree with monroelst, fill master cyl.. 2d.  clamp off all brake hoses and apply the brakes.  if pedal drops, and it shouldn't, start by bleeding the master cyl.. 3d. unclamp hoses, start with RR wheel go to the LR wheel.  Check fluid level.  refill as needed.  go to the RF wheel and then the LF wheel.  refill as needed.  You might have to bleed each wheel 3 or 4 times until you get nothing but fluid.  DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT let the master run dry. After you have nothing but fluid, adjust the rears check the pedal adjust until the pedal is "GAS Pedal" high.
Yeah, and where's Cadillac? I can understand the argument that younger people (typicaly internet users) don't generally drive Buicks, but lots of younger people have bought Cadillacs recently. And that doesn't explain why Lincoln is on the list.  What's up?Might as well throw in Olds too. Maybe Buick will the NEXT GM model to bite the dust...or Pontiac.... . Buicks are popular and considered a luxury car over in parts of China.....First of all woman I'm married to you and your big beater boat car sucks big hairy dog....ahem! :D I love you...I really do! LOL. . And GMC's are GM products but Buicks aren't GMC's. GMC makes trucks and SUV's. LOL weird huh? Weren't GMC's GM's original trucks before they bought Chevy and started switching more effort to them? Help me out if I'm wrong...buicks rnt very common anymore thats y and lincolns r more commonIsn't GMC for General Motors Company?
Usualy a car converted to propane will run off gas with no problemfirst what condition is the stock fuel tank in?. you need to check the lines and tank ,check the working conditon of the fuel pump.If all this was removed you are better off.fixing the propane.. usual procedure is replace carb add lines and go.. If you have to install the tank with a fuel pump this could run 500 bucks or more
Since you lost the key, remove the stearing wheel. YOu will see a small hex head screw which holds the key lock in place, Remove screw and pyll on lock. The lock will come out and you can get an other one from auto-zone.what year of s-10? older without an airbag or newer with? if this truck is legally yours-and it is a factory installed original factory ignition in it, take the vin#, title, registration card or whatever as proof of ownership with you to a GM dealer and they may be able to make it on the spot with just that info! second choice, maybe calling a local locksmith as a last resort- since it would be the slower and pricier way.did you ever have the key? u dont need a key to move a car. call a tow service.
go to the dealer also known as $tealer for outrageous prices. or look up Nissan parts site on the interneta nissan dealer,go to nissan auto parts online,or ebay, and also check the junk yard  for the cheapest price. more than likely the dealer is the most expensive of them all
it is the color your eyes sees when all other rays from the sun are eliminated. this produces the color blue. for example just in case you really need to know what blue is, the sky, some ocean water,. most beautiful blondes have blue eyes.. somewhat of the color when you get punched in the eye..but that is a real dark blue.A really stupid question.collor or color. If it's reguarding motorcycles, the color blue usually goes hand in hand with yamaha's "R" series sport bikes.polaris machines are blue
If you're talking about the fee on the window sticker of a new car, the origin-destination fee is what the manufacturer charges the dealer to deliver the car from the factory to the dealer's showroom.  Of course, the dealer is going to pass that cost on to you in the total price you pay for the car.Where you are coming from and where you are going.
Suicide doors are automobile doors that are hinged on the edges closer to the back of the vehicle. The name refers to the danger of such a door being hit by another vehicle while parked at the curb, which would be catastrophic if a passenger happened to be entering or exiting the car at the time (although some erroneously claim it refers to an increased danger of the door falling open while at speed).. . Such doors were commonly seen on cars manufactured in the first half of the 20th century. Post-World War II examples are almost universally the rear doors of four-door cars.they werer called that because they opend backwards making it easier to jump from the carSuicide doors used to come on several models of older cars.  They are called that because they opened behind the individual getting out of the vehicle.   They caught the suicide nickname because if the occupant got out on the street side, another car could come up behind and hit the door, causing it to swing shut and chop the exiting occupant into pieces.  Todays doors open forward so if another car hits the door from behind, it swings away from the occupant.These are doors hinged at the rear.  In automotive parlance the cars are said to have 'rear-rear' and 'front-front' - rear hinged rear doors and front hinged front doors.  They got the 'suicide' name from the fact that in the teens and the '20s the car doors were latched with a simple hook and eye type system.  If the car hit a good bump the body would flex and the latch might pop and the door swing open.  That problem didn't last all that long and later rear-hinged rear door cars didn't experience any problems.  Our '51 Lincoln Cosmopolitan has rear-hinged rear doors with a modern style rotary lock (first used on that year Lincoln).  It's so much easier to enter and exit the car with these doors.Because they open up the other way, so when opened up on the traffic-side, the risk of them getting hit by a passing vehicle and smooshing you as you stand in the doorway, is increased.
Good luck. It's not an EZ job. You can take it to someone but thats going to be alot of $$$$$$. Or you can suck it up and jump in. Your going to get some cuts but its alot cheper. Some you can get from the top and some are easer from the bottom. Have fun and alot of time.the same way as every car, but in these minivans they're difficult to reach. You have to remove the engine cover to access the rear plugs and to gain access the other plugs (here comes the fun), you have to lift the front of the vehicle, remove the wheels, remove the splalsh shield to access the side of the engine through the wheels wells. Definitively not for lazy people, have fun!
The primary purposes of the grease are to keep out moisture, and prevent corrosion. Prevention of corrosion keeps the metal-to-metal contact point in a connector conducting electricity.. . A "dielectric" material is a substance that is a poor conductor of electricity, but an efficient supporter of electrostatic fields.Dielectric grease is a non-conductive grease, it will act as an insulatorIt is a grease that has no electrical conductivity. It is used in electrical connections to insulate.
No spanish, please.Please ... don't torture people on here by asking questions that we cannot understand.  Pick up your dictionary.For the same reason that you could not live without food or water.Because the car requires an air fuel mixture for combustion. Air by itself is not combustible.me dont no wat you say
there should be an ajustment at the top of the clutch pedal.There is no provision for adjusting a hydraulic clutch. If you feel that the clutch pedal is too high when the clutch starts to engage u might need to have the clutch relpaced.
Depending on how new a car you want, you can go to auctions, you don't have to be a dealer, some tow companies sell impounded cars. Sometimes less than wholesale, way less. Dealers sell cars they take in trade too.WWW.carsdirect.com  I don't know if they are nationwide, but give them a look.
It varies from state to state.  For sure, you need garage liability insurance, $1M bond, a facility to operate out of that is zoned for such, a dedicated phone (land) line, and to pay your state the associated licencing fees.  Dealerships are VERY expensive businesses to operate!CHECK AROUND WITH YOUR LOCAL DEALER. MANY WILL GIVE YOU THE TRAINING IF YOU GET A JOB WITH THEM..... OTHER THAN THAT I WOULD CONTACT YOUR DMV. THEY SHOULD HAVE THE ANSWER
The DMV will Checks IT they have a place and they check it they spray something under the car . and they use a Black light and it will show . . it will show if it was remove or scrap offif you purchased it legally then you can get a salvage title. or you have to register the car as a homemade car, as in you built it custom. talk to your state licencing office for papaer work and having it tested to be issued a vin. if you didnt make it its most likely something shady is going on.The only person who can answer that question is the person you bought it from.there is a vin on the door jam,and up under the hood,there has to be a vin number on vehicle somewhere,sometimes on the frame .....nothing a half auto mechanic should't be able to find when the vehicle is up on a rack or liftThe vin # is also on the title.  If you don't have a title, I would be careful doing anything with that car unless you have a bill of sale with an ink signature and contact information on it.There is no car without a vin number
working on em?.. have a friend who likes to hear himself talk.. thats how i learned... . driving?.. practice....Driving cars:. . Tag along with a good driver. Practice in an empty parking lot. Watch some Nascar and pay attention to the in-car views. . . Knowledge of Cars:. . The internet. Search away. Also, try playing some video games like Need For Speed, Underground Racing, Racing Syndycate etc etc...go to howstuffworks.com to learn all about car stuffAs with most things - the more time you spend working with something (no matter how well you know it - or don't) you'll get better with it.. . I started out knowing NOTHING about cars. I one of my first jobs at Wal-Mart's Tire Lube and Express. I learned a ton there (how to change my oil, lightbulbs, etc...).. . One way to learn more about a car is to go to your local library or buy a book that explains basics about cars. Sometimes getting a service manual on a specific car will show you how to service a vehicle. Although most of these illustrations are beyond me - they sure give me a lot of information on where to start.. . One simple step - open the hood on your car. Locate the Oil - Coolant (don't open when not) - windshield wiper fluid - power steering - etc... Usually these things are labeled and can be found after looking for awhile. . . . If you mean getting better driving cars - there is a good saying: Practice makes perfect. I learned to drive a car in a corn field in Iowa. Although I managed to hit a fence - it was a perfect learning experience.. . Find a parking lot at night and drive around - pretend you are driving in a lane - make turns etc.... . Hope this was helpful! -Paul
Put the key in the ignition in the Off position.. Push and hold in the odometer reset button.. Turn they key to the II position, while still holding the button. After about 10-15 seconds the light should go off.Can't wait to hear.  It's on in my 2004 Accord too!!!!
Best bet,,, STEAM CLEAN!!! And I mean REAL steam, not just a household carpet scrubber!!uh, maybe it's time to change the carpet and take better care of your new one.
There are four main forces that effect an airplane in flight.  They are lift, drag, weight and thrust. Check out this NASA web page that helps explain the forces and how they interact to make an airplane fly...Ricardo,. . Jetdoc's got the answers in a nutshell.  There's a lot that goes into flight, more than can be simply explained here in this forum.  . . For flight to occur, you need lift.  Lift occurs when you have enough airspeed going over an airfoil.  An airfoil is a shape where moving air is made to move faster over one surface than the other, and it results in a vacuum.  If there is enough airfoil surface to create vacuum for the weight that needs to be lifted, you have flight.. . There is a formula...I do not know it.Airfoils do not create a vacuum.  The curvature on the upper surface of the airfoil/wing creates an area of lower pressure relative to the straight lower surface of the airfoil/wing.  This lower pressure creates lift.   This venturi effect is called Bernoulli's Principle.. . This is very over simplified, but it gives you a general idea of how a wing works
Most of those cameras are built into the light and flash every 2 to 3 seconds, while others of a camera mounted on the top of the light that take pics every 2 to 3 seconds. . From what I was told you get a fine but no points since it can not confirm you where the driver running the light.There is an excellent article at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Road-rule_enforcement_cameraThere is a good artile on traffic signal cameras at: http://www.ci.baltimore.md.us/government/transportation/redlightcameras.html
i had to chane 1 of those along time ago and i think it was a 32mmIt is a 36mm nut!! Just changed one yesterday!!
It wasn't selling but the Echo platform is still around. . The Echo engine and chasis can be found in the Scion xA and xB and also in the new Toyota Yaris.Actually, they looked great, and were great.  It's very disappointing that they've been discontinued.  We ended up getting a Ford Focus, but the Honda Fit looks kind of like the Echo.  Sigh.because they look hideous and people should be embarassed to drive such an ugly vehicle
They are vehicles engaged in a business purpose--perhaps a delivery truck, or a plumber's van.Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc. (CVG) is a supplier of interior systems, vision safety solutions and other cab-related products for the global commercial vehicle market, including the heavy-duty (Class 8) truck market, the construction market and other specialized transportation markets. Its products include suspension seat systems, interior trim systems, including instrument panels, door panels, headliners, cabinetry and floor systems, mirrors, wiper systems, controls and switches specifically designed for applications in commercial vehicle cabs. On February 7, 2005, the Company acquired all of the assets and liabilities related to Mayflower Vehicle Systems' North American Commercial Vehicle Operations (MVS). MVS, whose products include frames and assemblies, sleeper boxes and other structural components, is a non-captive producer of complete truck cabs for the commercial vehicle sector, and has full-service engineering and development capabilities.
most bikes have a special wrench to adjust them. . if that does not solve your problem put in a new set of different rate springs.Try using a Shock wrench to adjust the preset. If that's not enough chop em.
It's possessed by the devil, and requires an exorcism.Is it running the same as when the key is on or is it chugging and making weird noises?. If it is running like normal, then it could be a malfunction in the ignition switch not cutting power to the engine ignition(spark).. If is is running weird like chugging and backfireing, then that is called "dieseling" and can be caused by excessive carbon build up in the compustion chamber thus igniting the fuel without the use if a spark. It could have other causes such as a faulty knock sensor, idel stop solenoid, or air cleaner temperature sensor so the best thing to do is get it tuned up and checked over by a trustworthy mechanic.Same answer as before: it's called "dieseling" because it sounds like a diesel engine while it's doing it.. . Your vehicle needs a thorough tune-up including fresh spark plugs.In  most  cases   of  engine  run  on  it is  due  to  a poorly tuned  engine    ie  your timming is  out   or the spark plugs  are worn to the  point they  dont have the  correct heat  range  anymore ..  could also be caused   by  to much carbon  bulid  up ..    how ever   a lil mor  infor  as to make  modle and year  and size  of engine  would  be helpfull in some cases   the  computer  or  sensors  can be  the source of the trouble   ,,   but   if you havent had a good tune up in over two years   i would  start   with that ..
it's a gear in your rear axile that locks up when you drive forword sending tourqe to both back wheels in stead of just one wheel but the gear will not engeage in reverse . . p.s (possitrack) not spelled right if you find the right spelling hears a site that might explain it better then me.The gears in the rear axle are welded together to turn both back wheels at the same time, rather than just the right back wheel.
Try a quart of engine flush.  You put a quart in your crank and let it run for a few minutes, then drain it.dont kno
it keeps your engine running smooth and can also improve gas mileage. The oil gets really thick and dirty if not changed regularly, usually every 3 months or 3,000 miles.very! in addition to getting dirt in it it also breaks down over time reeducing it's lubricating properties.on new cars follow the reccomendations in your manual.on used cars when there is not a manual readily available my rule is every 3000mi.some say 3000mi or every so often.i can never keep track of the time so i go with the mileage.hasn't failed yet i don't think.Oil carries away dirt and metal particles that wear away from engine parts, to the oil filter.  The oil can only carry so much, the filter can only hold so much garbage.  If you don't change the oil and filter you're running grit through your engine - rather like doing a sandblast on the inside of your engine.  Sound like a good idea?
air pressure holds the brakes in the "off" position. when you apply the brakes, air is released from the system causing the shoes to close. if for some reason the system develops a leak, the brakes will engage and lock up. that's why you have to let the air pressure build up in a rig before releasing the parking brake, no air pressure means no brake release.as you press on the brake pedal air is pushed through the airlines just as brake fluid is pushed through the lines pushing the brake shoes to the brake drum thus putting on the brakesThis brake is used in aircraft and race cars; consists of a flap or surface that can be mechanically projected into the airstream to increase the resistance of the vehicle to air and lower its speed.
Most cars newer than approxamatly 1990 have a check valve in the filler neck and some times the check vavle will stick shut. To fix the problem you may be able to just replace the check valve but you will most likly need to replace the filler neck. I am a mechanic and I am speaking from personal experience.The gas fumes and vapors back up into the nozzle thus causing a false reading and the pump thinking the tank is full. If you run the gas into your car at a slower pace it will fill without any problem.
I just learned the answer to this myself. The 10W stands for the oils thickness in the winter, as does the 5W. 5W is thinner in the winter. The 30 and 40 stand for the oils thickness in the summer!aka viscosity. designed for different running temperature ranges. Use the higher weight (10W) for hotter temps and the 5W is you're in a colder area5 and 10 is the w which is the weight of the oil or thickness
sit further back on the seatHow you gonna hurt an engine doing that?  Go for it have fun ..
The main reason in modern cars in fuel injection.. . Fuel injection can meter fuel in smaller more accurate amounts than carburation.Not just fuel injection but more precise metering of the Air:Fuel ratio (AFR).  Basically modern cars have a better idea of how much air is entering the engine so they can put in just the right amount of fuel so that it burns more efficiently and cleanly.There are several factors why cars get better fuel economy. The number one is indeed electronic fuel injection where the computer can rapidly respond to engine needs through precise fuel metering. Also, cars today are more aerodynamic as well as lighter than older cars, reducing air drag and lowering the amount of horsepower required to propel them down the highway. Engines are of smaller displacement and better oils reduce friction losses all which contribute to more miles per gallon.
Turn the light on and stick the prong of a voltage meter in the wire in different places following it back until there is no voltage. That is where your short is.Try E-Bay.look for a plug close to where you can jiggle the wires to make them work, check the connection, it might be loose or dirty.
If it's corroded slightly around the connections, baking soda will work like the above poster said.  if the copper cable is starting to corrode, replace it.  remove your old cable and take it to an auto parts store.  at some stores you can drive your car there and they will replace it for you, no charge except for the materials.Replace it.  Don't even try to repair it.use baking soda mixed with water to get rid of the corrosion and you might still be able to use it.Pour real Coca Cola on it...it will eat the acid away.Well what I would do is simply disconnect the wire of the battery terminal, cut and strip the wire to where the corrision stops. Clean off the terminal connector with a wire brush. And then reconnect the cable on again. Whatever cable it is, make sure you take off the negative cable first even though it might be the positive cable you're working on. Its always best to disconnect the negative cable no matter what kind of electrical work you're doing. And if its the negative, well you're set cause you need to take that off anyways. Just a handy tip I thought you might want to know. Let me know how it goes.
A car is a complex machine that provides transport. With four wheels.With a question like that, its something I hope you never drive.where are you from??? jajaTransportation device that doesn't haul plywoodIt's two wheels better than a bike, I can tell ya that much!
Most four-stroke engines have vents to prevent pressure from building up in the crankcase.  You could probably put a one-way valve in the vent line to scavange the small amount of pressure there, but I doubt there would be enough pressure to do anything usefull.  You'd have to redesign the bottom end of the engine and reinforce the surrounding structure to hold a significant amount of pressure.I doubt you would want to, it would probably mess with the oil flow and would damage the crankshaft.  Besides, unless you're doing some kind of special project there's really no plus to doing that.
Start with the dash and work in.  The face plate will be covered and all the screws holding in the radio are hidden.  Once the surrounding dash is gone there should be three or four screws holding everything in place.  Unplug the antenna in the back and the wiring harness and you should be set.Remove the grille on the top of the dash where the defroster vents are.  Then remove a couple screws that hold the trim around the radio and A/C panel.  The radio can then be removed by 2 more screws in the front of it.  Some of them also have a bracket attached to the rear of the radio.
I have a 94 Grand Caravan and the piece up next to the widshield is held on with spring clips and just pops off when lifted. I'm not sure if this helps since I don't know how different a 97 is from a 94. . Check out this link, it may be helpful.Vote
To Turn off the "idiot" light, you must disconect the battery cables for 30 minutes.  Reconnect and violaFix the problem and it will go out.  I don't think there is any particular fuse just for the check engine light.  If it really annoys you, you can probably take the dash apart and remove the bulb, but that sounds kinda extreme, or put a peice of electrical tape over where it lights up on your dash.
If you mean Xenon bulb then you can probably get one at an auto parts store which will probably help you put it in. You could also try the Audi dealership.vote
Grand theft is a level of criminal charge that applies to theft of property worth over a certain limit (usually $500 or $1000 depending on the state law). So, Grand theft-auto refers to theft of an automobile worth over the minimum amount.i believe it refers to theft of vehicles (AKA the auto part of it)...but i think just stealing one vehicle from a civilian would be considered grand theft auto however like in the movie gone in 60 seconds stealing multiple cars from dealers would indeed be grand theft auto because of the scale of the theft
Apply several light coats rather than one heavy coat of paint.  Custom car paint jobs can have as many as 20 or more coats of paint (Including 3-4 coats of clear top coat)I'm an advocate against clear coating, period.
generally, it's only time that clears up driving records.  in the state of connecticut, the driving record has the last two years or so on it.. . good lucky r u tryin 2 get out of trubleYou can't legally!  You can take traffic school, for some tickets...that's about it.
I don't agree with it but the reason there are seat belt laws are to protect the passengers in the car. An unbelted driver may be toss through the car during an accident and injure a child for instance.. . New Hampshire, I think is the only state without a seatbelt law.. . Live Free or DieBecause it's not just your life that's involved.  Your death due to a car accident has a dramatic ripple effect.  . . The person responsible goes from just causing an accident to being a killer and possibly facing manslaughter charges.  What about the damage your death causes to your family and friends?. . Not wearing a seat belt is a selfish decision made by someone who is only concerned with their own feelings, willing to trade their life just to be able to do something their own way.  Is that really you?Insurance companies lobbied the government and for good reason.  Seat belt lowers everyones insurance premiums.  This is due to the fact that when worn properly, they reduce the severity of injuries caused by accidents.  It's also driver airbags are mandatory.  (If you have a passenger airbag, you get an insurance discount as well.)I think wearing seatbelts is a federal law. But almost all states have setbelt law.. . Wearing seatbelt is sensible thing to do even if it isn't a law.Because if you have a disease that is life-threatening, you already have it, so of oucrse it's up to you to take the medicine.  Seat-belts are not only life-saving they are a preventative measure.  You cannot compare the two.
Have it detailed and make it look as good as possiable.  Also, sell to an individual, not a dealership.price it more then you want to sell it for that way even if they haggle with you it will go down to what you really want to sell it for write the price Ex: you want $500 wite $800 obo then if they haggle go down to $500
Driving at a constant 56mph conserves gas.  This is the optimal speed for minimal gas consumption.  The faster you go the more gas you use.  Over 70mph and you really start burning gas.. . Drive a car with lower size engine.  Eg, a 1.4l engine is more economical on milage than a 4.5l gas guzzler.. . Staying in a higher gear longer helps too, as the revs are kept lower.  . . Freewheeling (going into neutral) when going downhill etc helps a little - although this may be illegal in some countries.lomdonmark is right,but i will also like to mention that keeping your car welltuned  tuneups like changing spark plugs,checking your igntion parts likespark plug wires distributor cap,coil,[good spark],also air cleaner,oil changes,and last but not lease keep ur tires properly inflated.[less friction]Higher air pressure in your tires will help up to a certain point, but you are also sacrificing addional wear and tear on the tires.  Reduces the handling capabilities too.
If the bike is a slug then get a rolling start then. rev it up and dump the clutch in first or second. (do it in second gear the first time just to be safe) If you get too high hit the rear brake to get the front end back down, only do this if you have. helmet,knee pad ectGet rolling in 1st gear and then roll on a handfull of throttle to get the motor into the powerband rapidly.  If it is a true MX machine it will immediately become evident.  From there just learn your bikes power delivery and you will soon be running through the gears on the rear wheel.
Sponsorship is great, if you can get it. At issue is what you have to do to keep your end of the bargain. Remember, a sponsor isn't in love with you and your talents and abilities, it's based upon what you can do to draw more POSITIVE attention to their business.sponsorship.com Suck!! they only give you stickers . . i have a 1992 toyota mr2 . . do you know of what type of sponsor? Full or partial ? Full or realy good Butyou need to go to auto shows alot a least 3 times a year. . partial is ok IT ONLY DISCOUNT like Vertical doors for $600 Bucks good if u have the $$$ . . i used to have that!
Federal highway tax.  All other taxes are state taxes, which can be 10 cents to 50 cents per gallon.Either: it's TAX or those people want to squeeze in a few more bucks.It's a marketing ploy to make prices "appear" lower just like the $1.99, 29.99, 199,999.00.Its TAX... Tax is everywhere even in gas.
I would look at the linkage first, perhaps one of the cables or rods or supporting hardware (like the shifter, pivots or brackets) is broken or out of adjustment.   Otherwise, you have some internal issue blocking engagement of those gears.After that, try a clutch adjustment to make sure the clutch is going in all the way.. . Short of that, shop for a new used transmission.
honestly i've wondered the same thing alot....it's simple though...because we are so far down here when we look into the sky we have a HUGE horizen to view...the plane is actually moving extremely fast...prob. faster than a car would travel..it's just because of it's size and how far we can see up there it seems slower!..hope i was of some help <3When an airplane is coming in for a landing it IS NOT going 120-150 mph, that is cruise speed. Landing speed with 10 degrees flaps is 60-80 knots.It just looks like it's going slow because of the vast sky. When an airplane comes in for a landing it's going between 120 & 150 mph.
A draw is almost like a payday loan. If a salesperson doesn't sell a car one week, (because all the brainwashed fools went to the Honda or Toyota dealership) he/she gets a pre-determined amount for their paycheck, so the salesperson can be a normal part of society, i.e. paying bills and rent, buying food, paying taxes. The next week, the salesperson sells ten cars,(because all the brainwashed fools realized it would be inexpensive in the long run to buy a Ford), and the pay fronted last week, will be subtracted from this weeks pay.Most car salesmen are commissioned. Typically receiving a draw midmonth and a settlement check (including bonuses and spiffs) month end.
When you jump out of an airplane, it has to be under very-controlled circumstances, If you are too high, going to fast, or a myriad of other things, it basically means instant death for the jumper. Not to mention the training you need to jump safely and the problems you'd have getting people to strap into a jump harness and exit safely all while the plane is plummeting to the earth. A parachute also doesn't do you any good if you ditch in the water, and would probably drown any novice who tried to do what your suggesting. However if you ditch in the water and survive, a seat flotation device will keep you afloat just fine.It is very tough to find out actually WHY? I did find this fine article.... . http://www.iflyamerica.org/airports_over_water.aspuse your common sense .Hundreds of people try to jump out of a plane that is about to crash .You can't just jump out at any height either.also once a door is open cabin pressure is lost.Plus you would have to put on and adjust the parachute before jumping.Idon't think I need go into anymore details.Floatation devises would be more commonly used because 9 times out of 10, when a plane crashes, they crash over a body of water. Parchutes would be difficult for alot of people, and it takes training and time to know how to use a parachute properly.I guess the assumption is that they would evacuate a plane at 30,000 feet, but they would if it were in water.
You can use AutoTrader to search for color + model.  Since the S40 had two gray colors, you have to sift a bit, but you should be able to find what you want.  I've attached a link to a search I've done for this car.Search for the car on http://carmax.com for a great database of their used cars. Don't know if you live near one, but I've personally bought 2 cars from them and 4 other friends have purchased cars there. They're pretty decent folks.
for 86-90 the legends had 2. one was better. with a few more options pretty much in the dash center console. you have another extra computer to play with.ones high performance
They are moving so fast that the cameras cant record that fast. The cameras usually only record 30 frames per second, and its not perfect (unless youre using a high speed camera but usually you dont) but it turns out that when that happens car wheels 'appear' backwards.. . this is also why you computer screens flash when you see them on TV because the screen is refreshing faster than the camera can record.because there show offA complex question requires a complex...  something something.. A film camera takes 24 exposures a second.  If a given spoke was at 12 o'clock high but rotating just less than one revolution a second, by the time the next exposure happens it would have looked as if it had gone backward slightly instead of going nearly all the way around.  Except now the wheel is going much faster.  You can prove the principle when you see it slow down or speed up and it appears to be changing direction.  Same thing goes for taking video of video which is why black bars appear on monitors.. (Make something of THAT JenBeth.)
I work on fords in a ford garage and have for 14 years,I would'nt try it at home.if your trying to replace the fuel pump , you can remove the rear seat and have access to the top of the tank, that's right where the fuel pump is . the access hole under the rear seat is not really big enough to get the pump out but with some convincing it will come out
A compression ring holds the shaft in. Assuming you have already removed the outter end (from the hub), all you must do is use a medium sized prybar and pop it out using moderate force between the inner joint and transaxle. Simple as cake.With both hands.
Toyota is clever in that the dash lights share the fuse with the brake lights. This way, you know that you are driving around with no brake lights, or at least know something is wrong. Maybe the fuse burned.Look for a Dial on the left side of your dash, near the vent. Not familar with the RAV4, but most Toyotas are the same.
Advantages--- small size, park anywhere, low fuel costs.... Disadvantages--- No power, too slow for the highway, and getting laughed by a guy on a Harley.Advantage - good mileage  Disadvantage - hard to see with paper bag over your head
If you don't know where the serial# is, look in your manual. If you stole the bike, call the dealer for the location of the serial#.Should be stamped on the lower part of the frame. Take a rag and clean off any dirt that's on the tubing near the foot rests. I found finally found mine under some mud. The S/N was stamped into the black painted frame so it was hard to see until I washed it off...
White-knuckle flying....There isn't a speacial term for it. Most storms are higher than airliners commonly fly, so they usually don't fly over them. Even if they could, you wouldn't want to as it would be turbulent. They fly around them.
you can use a small kitchen sink type rubber plunger (like the toilet one only smaller) Push it on and pull it out. Good luckWith a rubber mallet to the opp. side. Take the inside panel off and "bump" it with the mallet!If it is the frontend that was damaged, you can easily pop it out by going behind the fender and push out the damage.  You will have to take what is called a "splash shield" (prevents water from going into the fender itself) off, and will more than likely have to buy new plastic push-clips to put it back in place.  If its in the rear, it may or may not be easy, depending on the type of car, as the design of rearends are so varied.  Generally, front-ends are pretty standard design-wise (open fender, splashshields, etc)the best way i've seen is to squirt dishwashing liquid over the dent.. and get a plunger and pull it out.. it actually works
I dont know what that would be, the only thing you have in the exhaust is the cat, muffler and sometimes a resonator so maybe the catalytic convertor?sences low manifold or boost pressure to reduce fuel pump flow. Sort of like the throttle kicker on gas engines.
If you buy a Chilton or Haynes manual, it will tell you how to do just about any kind of repair.  Has pictures too.  Buy the book at any auto parts store, they are well worth the $20.If you need to ask the ? HERE, probably by going to Lee Myles or aamco or the like
1-5-3-6-2-4: # 1 starts at front of engine. On the distributor cap, you'll see the two hold down screws. One to the top/left and one at the bottom/right. #1 cylinder starts just left of the bottom/right hold down screw.http://info.com/
take your car back to Saab. there is a recall on your car about this problem. i have sent 4 customers to Saab with the same problem that you have and it was cover by the Saab with no charge to the customer. they install a new improve clutch linkage.If you have a cable maybe it is stretched or maybe your clutch is worn out.Are you sure it has a cable? maybe it's a hydraulic system and low on fluid. Do feel any resistance when you push the cluthch???. You should feel it after about 1" of travel...
You can't use box cutters. Use what the pro's use to clean glass, razors. You can buy them anywhere but you're looking for the blades ONLY with one end covered so you can hold it without cutting yourself. They're cheap and they clean glass effortlessly.Try useing one of those thin blades for box cutters i usally use those on bird crap on my windows it does miricles
You have to remove the entire assembly, which may take some time. chances are you are going to have to take a few things off, so that this unit will come out.take it to a garadge they will probably tell you
A lot of places can fill the crack to stop it from spreading.  It cost my parents about $65.  Call your claims office of your insurance company.You can't.  Buying a new one can be expensive.  Maybe look at auto salvage yards for a used one.Nothing really stops it from cracking. You should really get it replaced.
I'm not sure I understand what you are asking.. The engine is supposed to stay on after the starter is turned off, hence the name "starter". . If you could be more specific I could probably answer more completely.If you're referring to the engine running after you turn off the IGNITION, then it's called "dieseling" because it sounds like a diesel engine while it's doing it.. . Your car needs a tune up including fresh spark plugs.The purpose of turning the starter on is to start the engine.  Once the engine has started, you turn off the starter by releasing the key.  The engine is supposed to keep running!  They are made to do that!!
Intercoolers are usually placed between the turbo and the engine air inlet, sometimes also between two the two turbos in a twin turbo set up.  Compressing the air adds a lot of energy to it which makes it fairly hot, by cooling it this increasese the dentisty of the air cramming more air per volume.  This increases the performance and efficiency of the engine.Yes, I had an Ford Contour SVT that I turbocharged and we installed a water to air intercooler to cool the compressed air after the turbo and before it entered the intake manifold.. . Basically, the two types are water to air and air to air intercoolers.. . An air to air is easier, but must be larger to get the same effect.  The water to air intercooler I used allowed us to have a smaller underhood package, a smaller heat exchanger located in the front bumper to cool the "water" and finally a three gallon resevoir in the trunk so we had a larger pool of coolant to keep the whole system cool.. . Worked great, I drove it from Arizona where I had the system fitted back to my home in the midwest during July of 2003 without drama.an intercooler super cools the air that your engine intakes, generally accompanied by a turbocharger.
I agree that it would be prohibitively expensive to modify your Japanese spec Toyota to meet US standards for import. Check with your local Base Exchange to see if they have any programs for you to buy a new car for delivery when you get home. Used to be you could get a pretty healthy discount on some car brands.You probably can not.  US safety and emissions standards are different than in Japan.  To modify the vehicle to spec would be prohibitively expensive.  I know the cars over there are better, but you would save a lot of money, time, and grief by just selling it and getting something here when you get back.
On your 1999 FORD TRUCK RANGER 4WD, the PCV VALVE is:. . UNDER HOOD, CENTER, REAR ENGINE AREA, MOUNTED ON  UPPER REAR OF ENGINE BLOCKhttp://info.com/
Well you have 4 on that vehice. So make sure your replacing the right one first. You'll need a 7/8 wrench. And you will need to be very careful installing the new one, you could easily damage the element in the Sensor.here's a flash... go to a professional auto tech and pay them for their time to repair your vehicle.  Autozone sucks Ray. they are overpriced also.If you go to "Autozone" they can help you with your question and also will lend you the correct tool/s to do the job yourself, so you won't have to attempt to do it with a wrench. The sensors are basically like a sparkplug but it has a taller tip on it and a wire attached to it and is installed in your exhaust manifold/pipes.
The two above answers are right.  I believe it is also a federal crime to remove the EGR system from a car that has one.The EGR system (exhaust gas recirculation) recycles exhaust gasses to reburn harmful gasses. The eec4 depends on the egr for a certian ammout of airflow, so disconnecting the egr valve would cause a rich condition. If using an aftermarket eec Im sure you could tune it to make up for lost egr. . . If your state has any type of emissions testing you probably will not pass inspection with out the egr working.Exhaust gas recirculation is to reduce the amount of "harmful" gasses released into the air,and helps with warming the engine in colder weather. It really doesn't help with efficiency of the engine. My practice has been to 86 the set up. including catalytic converter.
I grew up on a farm, started helping my dad at age 12, so I have been turning a wrench for over 30 years.3rd generation mechanic. My grandfather was one, and my dad grew up learning what he knew. Then I did the same growing up with my dad. I also took a course in auto mechanics at college in the mid '80's. That helped me with the many changes that were just beginning to appear on new cars at the time, such as computer controls and fuel injection. But I've had to do a lot of studying to keep up with the many changes over the last several years.took trade school in high school-auto mechanics.attended NASHVILLE AUTO DIESEL COLLEGE in Nashville TN. best move I ever made, contact them. have been a GM technician for 13 years. good luck!I'm 19 and been helping my dad since I was 5, hes been a mechanic for 47 years and I've gone to school for Auto Mechanics and Auto Paint & Body... Most of our family are either racing or mechanics/bodymen
it's a feelingToyota is a Japanese Car making Company which is highly sucessful all over the world. They are the number one Car sellers in the united States.not an American car for sure. . buy only American cars and trucks. Chevy and ford just might close their doors for good if we don't last night on the news they said by USA buying foreign cars and trucks could actually be the end of American cars companies.which would mean tens of thousands of jobs lots in more than half the states... . buy American ONLY ! ! on everythingToyota is a Japanise car company thats kicking American car makers'butts!!Unfortunately!It's a japanese car.A toyota is a major car companyToyata is the ulimate car companyWhat do you drive?
No one is going to buy a car that they cannot test drive first.  Just make sure that they are able to drive a manual transmission car first.  If you tell someone they cannot test drive the car, it looks like you are hiding a problem.You'll have to let them test drive. I'd never buy a car I didn't drive. Go with them and if they seem to be having a problem shifting gears, take over explaining that you don't want to hurt the transmission. Most likely a person isn't going to want to test drive a manual if they can only drive an automatic.
Hi   I would tell you to keep up with the way are doing it. They may not like when you give your opion  but it may keep you from paying extra money out when they see you are not a dummie.well when guys do that its to try and not get cheated. had an uncle that if a guy came in and said i want this he wouldnt check anything else out just fix what they guy wanted and it never worked out for the customer. it could also be that they think thats what your boyfriend told you to say. ha ha take it in stride and if they look at you like your stupid you can say hey ill go down the street if you like.I've been a mechanic 35 years and what the customer can tell you is a valuable diagnostic tool.  Only a fool or an arrogant person would "poopoo" what the customer has to say... unless the customer comes in and says, "here's what's wrong, blablabla."  Your best approach would be to ask them to tell you what's wrong.  Then you get the benefit of their diagnostic ability and some recourse if they "get it wrong".  Better than telling them what's wrong and just having them change the parts.yeah, this is the only time I ever feel discriminated against, if you will, b/c i'm a woman too.  This is the only situation that I sometimes can't handle.  I am a pretty strong willed woman and get everything a lot of things done.  . I complain about this to friends & family too.  Certain times, I have actually had to have my dad speak for me at the mechanics b/c they don't take me serious.  I HATE ThAT!  . I knew my car inside & out and even would do some of the labor on it myself (oil changes, brakes, etc.) but they treat me like I am stupid.  I don't get it!  . I talk to the guy like he is an idiot when he cooks, the male nurse helps me or he gets a manicure, etc.  . MEN!!!!Because you're a woman and cars are a mans domain!  It's not your fault it is just something to do with the way god made you.  You're all great for looking at and having babies but when it comes down to something important like cars your poor little brains just overheat and you get another one of your "little headaches".  Much better to just take the car in, tell the mechanic that it's "making a funny noise" then sit down and read a magazine (best take along one of your own as they won't have anything you would be interested in as they won't be full of gossip) and let the men take over.. . . ....of course, just in case it wasn't clear in typed format the above was me being facetious.  Truth is thogh probably because you are a woman and they are just jerks.  Quite funny though because I hardly even know how to check the oil on my car and yet I'm always treated as if I should know what the hell they are on about whenever I take my car in (I'm male btw).  Hmm sexism in reverse...probibly feminist's!!!
Because there was a gap left between the Boxter and 911.  There was no cheaper alternative to a hardtop than the Carrera and Porsche needed to capture a younger segment of the market.  However, if it were only a Boxter with a fixed roof, it would have been built on a 9 yr old platform, updated in 2005, which in today's market would be completely unacceptable, not to mention if a company is going to market a car, there needs to be a reason for people to buy it.  Therefore, to differentiate it enough from the Boxter, with which you can order a removable hardtop, they also changed the engine.A lot of people prefer coupes to convertibles. Convertibles can be very unreliable and can affect performance. The cayman is more of a driver's car than the basic 911 (997) Carerra S, and is cheaper.
I assume you mean curved like an inverted "U".  They call that "crowned", and it's designed to help with drainage of rain water.Because if they were all straight, they wouldn't go where you needed to go.
step 1 purchase alternator stepunhook battery from cable 2 remove alternator belt by pulling on the tenioner step 3 remove 2bolts from altinator step 4 remove wiring clips that go on  step 5 theres usually will come with connections which u have to snip the old one and hook them to the stuff provided step 6  hook everything back up same way it came apart make sure your battery is charged  then  hook cables back to the battery then start vehicle . then if u dont have alt tester take positive cable unhook it from battery and if it stays then it is charginggo  to  auto zone  or  one  of the  big  chains  they  can  sell you a  manule  on  your  specific  vehicle    they  will  have  step  by step  and  pics to  help  you   do it  your selfers  get  er  done they  will  even tellyou what  tool you  will need  to  do the  job  good luck  its  easy  and  funif no one can help you go to autozone and ask for a book on your car it will show you every bolt, screw and wire to disassemble and rebuild your rideTake it to a mechanic unless you are mechanically inclined. Otherwise you have to disconnect the neg. battery cable, loosen the belt tensioner, remove the belt, disconnect the wires on the back of the alternator, label the wires, remove the bolts, and put the new one in in reverse order.  Good Luck!
Rev it up in neutral and pop it into gear.  It won't hurt your engine, but it will hurt your transmission.The Honda 70 generally didn't have enough torque to "pop a wheely" on it own. If you are large enough you can get back of the seat put your feet down on the ground and when turning full throtle put up on the handle bars while dragging your feet. With a tille strength from your legs and arms it should come up. You should be a little over 5'8'' and about 160 - 170 lbs.
are you talking what cars have 400cc stock ? not very many if any , that is a huge injector for a stock car if there are any they would be either supercharged or turbo something that flows more intake air needs more fuel to burn properly so try looking there hope that kinda helps narrow it downI think a Mitsubishi 3000gt VR4. It has twin-turbo so it sould have those.
Buy a touch up paint.try water based carwaxysually you will find it at any car body shop any way this will not help later on lets say one or two months you will have the same proplem my wife fingernails and the way she open the doors trunk etc drove me crazy i love her and now i stopped waxing this scratches until i would paint the whole car after the color fade in a fewyears.That would be done the same way as with any other car. You can buy a scratch remover wax or a color wax and bothwil basically fill in the scratch to make it un-noticable. For some scratches that are very shallow you can have your car professionally buffed and that wil leave it shinny and scratch-less...does somebody have it out for u?Rule of thumb:. . If you can feel the scratch then your clear coat is damaged.  Then you can have it touched up.  If it is a large area I do not recomend touch up paint.  Over time the paint will seperate from the factory paint and flake off.  Take it in to have it professionally fixed with a sander and a paint gun.. . If you can not feel it then rubbing compound should remeove it.  Just follow the directions carefully.Go buy the touch up paint to match your vehicle and 320 grit sand paper.  Very lightly sand scratch to smooth out and paint.
You don't have to book it, there's always a lot of cab at CDG (Paris int'al airport), you just have to catch one. if you don't want to take a cab, you can take the RER (some kinda commuter train), there's a coupla station at the airport, one in the terminal 2, the other one near the Terminal 1), or you can always take a coach (ask for the Air France shuttle), it will take you to paris and from there, you'll take either the subway or a bus to Vincennes.If I were you, I'd get metro tickets ( they cover the part of RER that travels within the city) and take the RER to the Metro, and then you could go just about anywhere :)ask a travel agent
It's actually pretty easy, if all you need to replace is the plastic "nose".  Proteges have a one-piece nose that is held on by a bunch of screws under the chin and behind the plastic shield in the wheel wells. It takes about twenty minutes to remove, about the same to replace.a little hard if you dont have the right tools or know howyea its not that hard, just make sure you use patience and make sure everything is straight, you want it to look good and not like a half did job.
The fuel pump is notorious for going out on GMs.  Also, check the connection from the battery to the starter for corrosion at the solenoid.  If the distributor is good, still check the ignition module, cap and rotor.  And check the Camshaft or crankshaft position sensor, which ever one applies to your van.Your starter motor or alternator could be dying.you sure you have gas?check the starterYou don't give further description, such as if the motor is turning over wen you hit the starter, but it just isn't firing. If that was the case, I'd suggest you check out the electronic ignition module (computer). If that dies, it can't "talk" to the engine and tell it what to do.Check the battery first and then the starter.3 things you always wanna check,battery, fuel and fire.. Is the battery good? Is it connected properly? Doe you have gas? Are your spark Plugs working?. . Start simple.
For the rear, open the trunk, remove plastic trunk trim retaining plugs, pull aside trunk trim, remove the rear light combi retaining nuts pull out the combi from the outside of the vehicle for easy access and remove the burned out bulb.  Reassemble by revearsing process.  It takes about 10min start to finish to do.pop the hood and pull the cord out thats connected to the bulb.
The fuel loses viscosity when cold.diesel engines rely on pressure in the chamber to ignite the fuel/air mixture.  PV=NRT.  As the pressure in the chamber increases as the piston goes up, the temperature increases, to the point of fuel ignition.  On a very cold day, the engine may not reach optimum operating temperature (which is much more important in a diesel than in a gasoline engine) If this happens, the temperature increase brought about by the piston stroke might not always be enough to ignite- thus your Ford's misses.
Most of the newer buses do have seatbelts on them.  I just dont think that they have to wear them.. Your right tho.. It makes no sense.in VT there are seatbelts... but no one uses them!!thats why the seats are so high up in front of u when u sit in a school bus and your knees are so close to the seat in front of u that it stops u from moving anywhere
It's not in my dictionary.  Why not try looking it up in the internet?!Perhaps you're trying to find 'pepsodent'.  It was a popular toothpaste in the 50's and 60's.
I don't know-i don't even have a car! But, i love looking at license plates, they're so diverse!try looking in the trunk right behind the plate. (if you can) if cant - take a flathead screwdriver and carefully pry out the piece that holds the light. it should come out.
Generally Uninsured Motorist Coverage covers injury to your person and not your vehicle. However, in some states it does cover the vehicle. Call your agent to have him/ her explain it.Comprehensive coverage is what you need for fire and theft protection. Uninsured motorist protection doesn't help in this situation.
Seems like forever some times. Unfortunately, there's not a whole lot that can be done about it. In most areas the railroads were there first, and have the right of way over vehicle traffic on the roads.depends on how long the train is. It could take a good ten minutes if its fifty cars long and goes at ten miles an hour.There are a number of variables: speed, number of carriages, length of each carriage, length of train, and width of the road. Perhaps even more!In PA, I have heard up to a half-hour
Answerer is indeed correct.  But, the car did not sell very well because it was slow, heavy, and did not handle very well.  That, and it was quite expensive.  but yes, they really are cool cars!It wasn't profitable.Because flux capacitors have become way too expensive these days.They didn't make any money, and John DeLorean had to resort to selling cocaine to keep his car business afloat.John Delorean was arrested for selling cocaine to keep his car business afloatthey kept snorting the white lines on the roadsThe De Lorean Motor Company (DMC) was a short-lived automobile manufacturing company formed by automobile industry executive John De Lorean in 1975. It is remembered for the one distinctive model it produced – the stainless steel De Lorean DMC-12 sports car featuring gull-wing doors – and for its brief and turbulent history, ending in receivership and bankruptcy in 1982. Near the end, in a desperate attempt to raise the funds his company needed to survive, John De Lorean was filmed appearing to accept money to take part in drug trafficking, but was subsequently acquitted, on the basis of entrapment, of charges brought against him.Why did they stop making Chevelles? Plymouths? Camaros?
Yank it out, dude...then the black helicopters can't follow you!What black box? Can't you just take it out??
The length of the positive (or negative, subjectively) portion of a square (or rectangular) waveform, in time units.pulse width. . Time interval between the leading edge and trailing edge of a pulse at a point where the amplitude is 50% of the peak value.
High voltage electricity (anywhere from 40,000 to 100,000 volts) is supplied to the to the spark plug by the ignition system.  The spark plug has an insulated passageway for this high voltage to travel to the electrode, where it can jump the gap and create a spark,  similar to a bolt of lightning. This ignites the compressed fuel/air mixture, causing the expanding gases to force the piston down. This process converts the chemical energy stored in the fuel to mechanical energy.Spark plugs generate electricity that is forced over a gap in the plug, which in turn causes a spark.  The spark is used to ignite the gas and, thus creating energy.
Start off with a k&n air filter, performance chip, and if it is throttle body injected, get a carb spacer put on. If you can time and tune for performance, do it yourself. If not, take it to a shop and say i want it tuned for power, not fuel economy. If still not happy got to a speed shop and open your wallet. They like spending your money. lolIt depends on what you want and how much you got.  Easy way is exhaust and high flow intake but if you want to get technical get a performance mod chip and supercharger. But that will make your engine life shorter.
A bigger gas tank will probably come in handyyou need motor mounts, (flip the old ones up side down??), heavier duty springs up front, you dont have to have a new rear end, but you might need a different adapter plate for the tranny which should handle anything up to about 700(?) horses, and yes, the bigger gas tank for sure.  LOL
Opel is a German automobile maker.  Their Opel GT was imported from 1968 thru 1973, and sold at Buick dealers here in the USA. It was a good looking car... Kind of a mini-Corvette, but it was underpowered for American highways, and had reliability problems.  You can find more info on the Opel GT at:THERE USED TO AN OPEL GT. SOLD BY BUICK DEALERS
This is a fairly complex operation and requires professional experience, tools and techniques.  Most repair shops will give you an estimate and a guarantee when the work is done.  I've been a professional mechanic 35 years and this is a job we don't like to take-on after the owner has already torn it down.i would pick a chiltons. but most of the time you start by taking the air intake off then take off all the hose that connects to the throttle body then take out the bolts and it should come off then take the old gasket off and put new one on. install reverse orderWith a 350?? remove the Intake Manifold anything that connect to it, be sure to put them back correctly, marks, take pictures
on many cars the rear taillights and the dash lights are on the same fuse. double check your fuse marked "park lights". i would guess the car shocking your is static eletricity.Agree With loose wire. Most likely a ground wire. Might also be the switch itself.most likley you have an electric problem  or the bulb is burnt  out
69 Mustangs didn't come with 16" or 17" wheels.  You can get the info from the data plate in the door jam.Well for starters, you can find out a few different ways. You can find out the year model by breaking down the vehicle identification number. Breaking the VIN number down will tell you what factory your mustang was assembled, the options the car was equipped with at the factory. Engine size, interior options, transmission, rearend gear ratio, etc.Write down your vin number, located usually on the dash. Viewable through the windshield, or in the end part of the door, on a sticker. And then goto this webpage, at the bottom you can click on your Year.VIN on the dashboard,  or the size rims it has will also tell u! GT 500 = 17" coupe has 16" etc.
Pro:  getting you from one place to the other. Con:  pollutionPros: High energy content compared to alternative fuels such as methanol or ethanol. Availability.. . Cons: Low detonation resistance.
The thermostat regulates the engines temperature when it's cold or hot.It maintains a constant temp. under all operating conditions. In colder weather, it will close a little so the radiator does not OVER cool, and in warmer weather, it will stay wide open for max cooling. Various emissions devices will not be doing their job if the eng is running too cool, which can hurt performance, so replace it with the one DESIGNED for your car for best performance and to stay legal.All it actually does is open up to let the coolant flow through the block after it heats up.  If it isn't hot enough, put in backwards (easy to do), or just too worn or old it stays shut.  It's a heat controlled valve and nothing more.  A very easy fix depending on location.heep the car so it doesent overheat
Find the VIN number stamped on the frame of your bike. The 10th digit of your VIN number should be the model year of the bike... Example-If the 10th digit of the VIN is a 6, then the bike was built in 1976.Get the VIN muber, and e-mail Honda, or check their website.On every honda motorcycle that is out there, that information is located on the front part of the frame, where the forks conect with it (the Frame). there you will find it and won't cost you a fraking mathematic ecuation.
Fog lights have a wide, flat beam that throws light under the fog to light up the road surface, without glaring back at the driver. They should be mounted as low as possible under the front of the car, and aimed straight forward or slightly to the right (For USA highways). Although they now say that the yellow color doesn't make a difference in their performance, I still like the way the yellow colored fog lights show up in foggy conditions.Amber works best, doesn't reflect back as harshly.. If they're too bright yellow won't work any better than white.  ONE big overlooked advantage of amber or yellow over white lights is that they don't blind oncoming traffic.
It prevents you from exceeding a preset speed (like 100 mph). The preset speed is programed by the factory and once you hit that speed it causes either your engine to slow and won't let you hit the gas till you slow somewhat (in some cars) or it just won't excelerate past that point.My car is set for 130 mph (Audi A4).  When your car maxes out it will make a pretty bad sounding noise and your RPMs will shoot down and back up.  It's not good for your car, and you shouldn't be going fast enough for the governer to kick in anyway.  Supposing you are at a race track however with a stock car, an ECU chip upgrade can be purchased and programed to override the governer and increas your wheel horsepower and top speed.  This will eventually put a lot of stress on your car so when upgrading the ECU it is normally installed with a new sport exhaust system with cold air intake and possibly big brake upgrades for stopping at higher speeds than the car was meant to.BullTit....That's what it is,even our cars are censored.
Requirements vary from one airline company to the next, and each one trains their own flight attendants. It is best to contact the airline you want to work for to find their hiring procedures and requirements.Airlines have their own requirements and training programs.  Go to their Web sites, and I bet the have info under "Careers."Look on these websites for info.... American: not accepting Flight Attendants. United:http://www.united.com/page/article/0,6722,51394,00.html. Delta:not accepting flight attendants. Continental:http://www.continental.com/company/career/flightattendant.asp
"The internal combustion engine is a heat engine in which combustion occurs in a confined space called a combustion chamber. Combustion of a fuel creates high temperature/pressure gases, which are permitted to expand. The expanding gases are used to directly move a piston, turbine blades, rotor(s), or the engine itself thus doing useful work."go to howstuffwork.comThe below link is a brilliant resource for finding out how things work.  It is not a commercial website.  They provide a really good level of  detail including diagrams and graffics.  I used this site to understand how a rotary engine works.  Hope it helps you.
It allows static electricity that builds up to ground out.  Static happens regularly when high friction occurs (like rubber to asphalt at high rates of speed).to ground the vehicle
First fill the gas can, then open the car door, place the can on the seat and close the door.  Voila, you have just put gas in a car.first you must determine whether the station is prepay or not. then you must decide what form of payment you will be using. next you must determine how much fuel you will buy, how much is still in the car, and how much money you are going to spend. then you must either pay first or begin pumping. before  you begin pumping, you must open the fuel door on your car, and remove the gas cap. then you must select your desired grade of fuel. next insert gas nozzle into the open whole where the gas cap was. next you squeeze and hold the trigger, if all goes well, your gas will start pumping. if not wiggle it around until it falls into place and starts pumping. continue pumping until you reach your desired amount, or they cut you off. replace gas nozzle in its proper holder. replace the cap and close your fuel door. if you haven't already paid, do so now. be careful not to get gas on you during this process, gasoline is flammable. you should not smoke, or use cell phones while fueling, it could cause a major explosion. i think you'll find putting gas into your car not only rewarding, but an enjoyable experience as well. please drive safely.Money?...
There are different ways to this: Take a Deepwell socket and place over the Lug (witch the socket should b a tad size smaller than the lug) hammer on the socket and wrentch off! (Note: This won't crack your lug nut)as if you would chisel it off). Note: You just may find the lock laterTodd is right, but use a cheap socket because sometimes it ruins the socket.hack saw or sawzall (reciprocating saw). you'll have to replace the lugs tho. If you get a better answer let me know. my plymouth roadrunner is waiting for the same thing.
Not true at all. Time usually equates to experience, trial and error, with experience comes growth and maturity. Spend time with a group of ten year olds, some you want to kill, some you want to take home.As far as insurance goes? I believe statistics are taken from different insurance companies and accident claims. Lets say that teenagers get in a lot of accidents but that people who have had a license for 10 years dont have to claim many accident reports. To an insuance company that means that after awhile your a better more aware driver and insurance companies start cutting back your premiums...you save even more money if you stay accident free during that time.time
Torque steer is most often felt when you are turning a corner, and then gas it hard. The front wheels (drive wheels) try to straighten out to center (straight ahead) position, and you have to hold the steering wheel a little tighter. Most auto makers have improved their designs these days to reduce italso it is only in fwd cars and it can be easily defenced by a limited slip differential (lsd)This is where your axle shafts are of different length, and when you 'floor it' in some front wheel drive vehicles it starts to turn this way and that before it takes off...too much torque sent unevenly to wheels.. . If excessive it can be contributed to damaged suspension parts,
This is a dangerous situation, and pretty much would require a good deal of quick judgement depending on what your exact scenario is.  I might look for a hill to steer towards, so that i would be slowed down by gravity.  If you can get that and then turn so that the car stops on the hill, get out and be thankful.  Otherwise, you may have to collide with something in order to stop!I'm not sure what would happen if your break lines gave out, but if your BRAKE lines fail you might crash your car.This is an extremely unlikely scenario... Usually corrosion and rust cause brake lines to fail, but not all at the same time. If the front fails, the rears will stop the vehicle because all vehicles have a proportioning valve. (the reverse applies, too.) They won't just "give out" for no reason though..Well, I would avoid cars, not to sound stupid, but stay clear of any objects, and try your e-brake, if that doesn't work, down shift, in a manual this is easy, if the car is automatic, try to goto 2 then to 1, if you have it, that should slow the car down dramatically, and also, turning sharply actually increasing the momentum, so dont do that.I would use the emergency break (as this is a mechanical break rather than hydraulic) I would put the vehicle into second then first gear (this will slow the car up a great deal)this is great for automaticsthey need to be replacedFirst, check the brakes while the vehicle is parked. If they are spongy, you may need to take a look at them before driving. If your driving do the following:. . If it is the front brake lines, use the emergency/parking brake. They utilize the rear breaks. It will be a longer, slower stop compaired to the regular brakes because of loss of brake pressure.. . If it is the rear brake lines, use the main breaks to stop. They will feel spongy due to loss of brake pressure and will be a longer, slower stop.. . If you have complete failure on all brakes, lift the foot off the accelerator and head for the shoulder of the road or an open, un-obstructed area (grass median or shoulder). This is to slow down as much as possible before stopping. To further slow the car down, move the car in a slight 'zig-zag' motion to create more friction on the tires and the road.. . Hope this helps.. . - Optimum Motorworksif it is a ford, they put something in the tranny just for that reason, just get out of everyones way and through the car in park, you will hear clicking but it is normal due to the special gears they put in ford transmissions
Sounds like there is too much oil in there.  You should probably drain all the oil and put the proper amount in.It's a Land Rover. That's what they're known for. That and electrical problems.. How can you tell if someone owns a Land Rover? By the oil stains in their carpark :)
First thing, you need is the MONEY. If you do, its best if you start small and then grow bigger, that way you'll understand how the business goes while you grow larger.First of all, start with this: Do you mean cooperation or corparation? There's a diff
Get some thick napkins and just insert them into the hole so they get soaked, use as many as you need until you reach the level required.Take it to a transmission shop or a dealer to have this done as you have to unbolt the pan to take out fluid and then install a new gasket. You can try to insert a hose down the dipstick tube and suck some out with a pump.take a wrench and remove the transmission line. put the line in a container to catch the fluid. then crank the vehicle for a few seconds. if you drain too much then add fresh fluid back in.pull the drain plug for a few seconds. usally theres no big opening  for trans fluid, it goes in at the dip stick.Use a turkey baster to get the execess fluid out of the resivoir.siphon with pump
THere should be a bleeder screw on the clutch cyclinder...have someone slowly step on the clutch while you loosen it. When the fluid starts shooting out, close the screw.. . Viola!if you need to bleed it you need to replace it.ford clutchs and slave cylinders are remarkably matched well.replace one replace the other.Take it to a transmission shop and pay them to do it. Cuz you will be there all day trying to bleed it...TRUST ME!! I have a 96 Mazda(same as Ranger) and it took me 2 days to do it. So..take it to a tranny shop and have them do it. Its not worth the trouble.. . Edit: The slave cylinder is in the transmission.
Hi  I handle loans for a used car lot and can tell you it will be hard to do with bad credit. You might try local loan companies in your town if you have a good size downpayment. Also, if you have someone in your family with good credit, try might could co-sign for you maybe at a bank which will give you lower rates and payments. hope this helps, if does not work try a car lot that rents to own.www.credityes.comYou can't. Good luck though... :-)Obviously, you need to fix your credit first. It takes discipline, time, and hard work. I hope you learned from whatever mistake you may have made to get you in your current situation. Start off with any car you can purchase with cash and work your way up from there.
NOS is simply a brand name for a Nitrous Oxide system.  It works by injecting the nitrous oxide into the cylinders instead of air.  When it combusts it produces more energy than air which transfers to more horsepower.All Nitrous Oxide does is Cool the Intake Manifold down, along with the Combustion Chambers, on the Intake, and Compression Strokes. This allows more Oxygen to enter the Combustion Process, which results in much more Horsepower. I can do the very same thing with My Vaporchamber, without NOS! Look closely through all that was Printed in this Column, after Your Posting!
If lap (2-point) belts were installed then it would not help.  But if normal 3-point seat belts were used then they would have to be worn correctly to be effective.well thats a very good one but some do but only a few up in the front. and if you ask me school busses should have themIt does have seat belts. depends on the average speed of the bus.Up until recent yaers, they were not REQUIRED to have belts. Even SCHOOL buses. Things are changing now though.
It's a senor that is affixed to the engine block that tells the on board computer what position the crank is at.  Check the link below or put "crank position sensor" into a search engine with the quotion marks.A Crank Sensor is a magnetic pick-up (Pulse Generator) Sensor, it consists of a magnet wrap in plastic and two wire connector, . In your Car, the Crank Sensor generally mounted on the Engine Block, Timing Chain/Belt Cover or in some cases in the Front Seal Retainer.. Its primary function is to electronically communicate with ECU (Car Computer) if the Engine is turning and how fast???? (RPM) . It operates on the basic of a magnet and a reluctor wheel, the reluctor wheel has teeth or slot in it, depend on the Make/model of the Car, any time the reluctor turns and teeth or slot passes the magnet it move the electrons and generate a + or – AC current (waves) and how many time per second, the ECU sees this activity, translate into RPM and make your Air/Fuel, Ignition Timing, TCC apply, AC control, Cooling on and off and all other adjustment needed to make the Car run efficiently. . A few things can cause the Crank Senor to fail, . 1) Heat, the Sensor is being hot and cold all the time so the Housing can cracked, wiring connection broken.. 2)It always mounted in front of a moving part and dirts,metal and other thing can be thrown to it and cause it to failed.Its a sensor that picks up a trigger plate mounted to the crank. Basically just tells the ECU (electronic control unit) where the crank is in its rotation, and how fast it's rotating (RPM).Crankshaft position sensor...has taken the place of the old points and rotor for timing. Tells the electronic ignition where the piston/valves are so that a spark can be sent to the correct spark plug at the right time. Can fail! Car does not run well, if at all.
You could need new rear shocks or rear brakes.  If it goes up and down like a boat on the water it's probably the shocks. If it's more sudden and jerky, it may be the brakes.Depends on what you mean by bounce, if it shakes( which may be similar to a bounce) It's likely that the brake rotors or drums are warped and needs resurfaced. Usally this will happen at highway speeds (depending on the severity)if it has disc brakes on the back the roaters may be worpedc`heck with a dealer there were some technical service bulitins on this subject the rear axles may need to be replaced
Drive it down to the bad part of town and leave the car overnight.if there are a set of two holes on either side of the radio. either go to a car stereo shop and buy the tool required, or use a metal coat hanger.  If it doesn't have the holes, start taking the molding off from around the unit itself, until you uncover the screws.Try a hammer, or ask a Suzuki or Daewoo dealer.
nature dude. gravity ? maybe. and the way it was built dudebecause the front is little front back a little. like the back is back a little from the back or it would be the backside of the little front.sit backwards and you'll be alright till you fall off then everything will make sense.
Timing,idle may not be set right,a vacuum leak I would maybe take it to your personal mechanicIt could be anything from a bad spark plug to a bad engine mount.  Have it checked by a mechanic.rack and pinion steering needs attention. power steering pump.Timing could be off..  Buying a used car it's always a good idea to have your mechanic check it our for any problems and his opinoin.
it depends on your state.  In most states you have to become "emancipated". which means you are not under the guidance of an adult or that in your case you are the adult(minor siblings and you are almost of age...)Call your DMV or your state police:they can tell you what and how to do it.If its an emergency, then I dont think you would have had time to go on Yahoo and ask.  So it must not be that much of an emergency, id say youre out of luck.You would have to have a unique situation.. Like you live in the country and your parents are blind.. Not your friend from Paris is coming in and you want to pick them up at Kennedy.
Actually the McLaren F1's record has been broken by a couple of cars, one the Spyker something or other, and the current record holder, the Bugatti Veyron, at 248.5 MPH.  Nowhere close to being as sexy as the F1, however.. . Of course, there are speed record cars way faster, but I assume you're asking about street cars, not specialized drag or salt flats cars.lambThe fastest production car is the McLaren F1 LM, at 241.1 Mph.Hi  I think the car you are looking for is   YUGO   hope this helps.   Fasts to go out of production that is. lol
Take it to a 'learning' shop.  Most high schools and local colleges have body shops where they teach students how to repair cars.. . They usually charge little more than the cost of any parts needed, and the job is usually far superior to any regular shop.  The reason for this is not only do you have the instructor watching, you have all the students watching as well.Don't do it and wait until it breaks down, then you may purchase a brand new car.  If you brought your car below $3000, it is most likely not worth it for you to fix anything over $500.  Maintainence cannot be avoided.  Otherwise, sell it or sell all the parts on ebay.  Or try a lot of touch up paints.
in your presentation show examples of what the economics of the deal look like during 3 stages, when things go well,when things go bad, and something inbetween, as well as a 3rd parties. opinions, and naturally a long term prognosis of the political climate. its going to be a tuff sale though due to the market domestically is enjoying never before seen profits  good luck let me know if i could helpThese are the best answer links I know.. Check them out and if you still need help feel free. to Email me for help.. . http://www.info.com/ -  14 search engines. http://www.wisegeek.com/ -  any question. http://www.autozone.com/ -  great auto help, diagrams. http://autoparts.411web.com/ - everything automotive. http://www.howstuffworks.com/ . http://www.thefreedictionary.com/. http://www.2carpros.com/index.htm - mechanics. http://www.streetracing.org/paris/dictionary/index.htm. http://www.crutchfieldadvisor.com/S-CHQL8v6H71J/ -  automotive audio/video etc.. http://www.partstrain.com/?id=doMecGRr - hard to find parts. http://www.mapquest.com/directions/ - directions & distance
They're made that way so that you can see more in the mirror. The image is compressed so you get a wider view of the road behind you. Done for safety reasons.so u can see a wider view of whats behind u.their not made to make them smaller buy to give a wider view, the reflection makes them seem smaler
You have a front-wheel-drive vehicle. Your CV (constant-velocity) joints might be due for re-packing of grease (rubber boot may be damaged and need replacement) or replacement of the CV joints themselves.Check your power steering fluid. Also I noticed similar sounds if I was in 4wd. Turning radius is reduced when in 4wd because other gears are engaged.Did you check your tires for wear or if they are properly inflated?all motion has mved to that side of the carFirst, is the tire rubbing against anything in the wheelwell? If not, then it sounds like bearings. I could be way off, though.Could also be the breaksDon't forget the wheel bearings.  Jack one of the front wheels up off of the ground.  With the wheel directly in front of you, grab the outside of the wheel with one hand on the top and one hand on the bottom.  Can you wiggle the wheel a tiny bit?  Your bearings are probably bad...
That's funny she said the money was great. I'm a mechanic and I have yet to see this "great money".Cause you didn't wanna pay the high prices mechanics charge to fix your car.maybe because you like cars?hell was too boring.(from one to another)Why did you ask this question? I think you might be happyer at a new job!Ask yourself first.Because you enjoy the work and your job and the money is great too! Plus you can fix your own vechiles!
This does sound like a blown fuse.  Use you manual to locate the fuse box or try technical on-line support.  Often public libraries have manuals which cover several kinds of car, but might have info as to where the fuses are.. Always replace with the exact same size and shape fuse and carry a spare in you glove box or trunk.A cigarette lighter uses a small coil of high resistance metal that glows hot when the lighter is pushed all the way in.  This draws a lot of current and usually is not built flimmsy.  Using the outlet socket for a cassette player should not cause a problem unless there has been a direct short.. . First, inspect the cigarette lighter socket with a flashlight to be sure it is clean.  Anything in the hole that prevents a good electrical contact (dirt or ash, etc.) will render it useless.  Next, test your lighter in a friend's car (if they look the same) and be sure the lighter is clean.  You can often see a broken heating element.  Lastly, use a volt/resistance meter to check that the socket is live and that there is continuity to ground.  Perhaps the garage where you have repairs made will help (without needing to disconect the battery to protect the meter).  BTW you should also be able to check the cassette player in a friend's car to be sure that it works.  Good luck.
a. bad ground on lights. b. low charging alternator. c. turn dimmer switch up/down left or rightThere is probably a knob somewhere to turn to make them brighter.  Look around or check your owner's manual.I would call a dealer shop about that. Maybe a battery is just low, but either way, not being able to see what your doing in a car is annoying, not to mention dangerous.It is adjustable in every car. If it's not a knob its a dimmer switch.there is a switch that when moved back and forth it dims or brightens the dash lights. Look around play with all switches figure out what everything does.Could be a couple of things -. See if you turned the dimmer down on the light switch.. Or if you burned out a bulb in the instrment cluster it would also make it look dim. I have a Lincoln that have elctroluminecent display and in the cold weather they take a few minutes to warm up and then it's bright.. Hope this helps.
Those are blue laws, which were created to help "protect" the idea of Sunday Worship.  These days, I suspect that they are still in effect to give the workers a day off.No where in the world can you find that!. Dude they got to rest up!
Sorry to say you must remove the dash to get at these bulbs. It is not easy to do and should be tryed by a laymen. There is cables and wires that if you pull the dash cluster to hard you will wipe out the dash.usually you just have to take off any plastic parts around the cluster then there are a few more screws you take off and the cluster will come part way out then you unplug the wiring ..i would try to get a chiltons manual for your car
My experience is that if you go fight tickets, you usually win.  It's surprising how few people say "I'm innocent" in front of the judge.Try video taping putting a dime in the meter. If it's working, the town must have a record of a work order. Good luck.
This depends a lot on the age of your car, if its a newer model with a computerized ignation, you will need to take it to a serive center and they will diagonis the problem,  I had this problem on my 1999 Nissian, The spark plugs needed replacing. If its an older model car, you may just need a tune up, points, plugs, condensor,,etc..Check your battery first. If you have a volt meter, set it to 200 am- and touch the red to the red on the batt and the black to the black. you should get 11.5 to 12.5 reading.  If your batt is dead get a jump, if it is good, then move on.its out of gas.It sounds like your battery is OK because you said it turns over. It is a little difficult to make a diagnosis based on based on imformation provided in you question. You or someone more experienced need to determine if you fuel and ignition systems are functioning properly. If your car is computerised, both of these systems rely heavily on output parameters supplied by the computer. These parameters vary depending imformation provided by various sensors. Regardless of vehicle age, you first need to determine which of these two systems is at fault. I sure hope this helps.
For More INFO Go 2 : http://autodoodad.com. . U Are looking 4 the HID they  are lots of  you need to change the wire on the light . . . go 2  http://autodoodad.comThey're all different brand names.  Ultimately, though, none of them will match the intensity/brightness of the HID (High Intensity Discharge) lights that you are referring to.  You can buy those aftermarket, but they'll run you at least $800.
sounds like your wiring to the distributer cap. ignition wires or your cap is bad. gm cars are known to collect moisture in the dist capSounds like Vapor lock. You might want to try a fuel treatment that you pour directly into your gas tank. The guys at your local auto part store like Autozone or Pepboys should be able to show you where it is.. Also, Fill up your gas tank on a dry day and make sure that you screw the cap tight. Hope this helps!
anything that grips the nut by squeezing it, like vise grips, might make matters worse. I'd try finding the next size smaller socket (six point) that can be tapped onto the damaged nut. Usually an english size works best for a metric.(A 14mm probably wouldn't beat onto a damaged 15mm, but a 9/16 will)I haven't worked on dirt bikes for quite some time, but I doubt it's an aluminum nut on your axle shaft.  It's probably stainless steel. Was there a cotter pin holding the nut onto the shaft?  Was it removed?. . I'm a big believer in always using the right tool for the job, and I would never use a pipe wrench to remove a nut, but since you've already destroyed the nut...You've got to grip the nut with a tool that won't slip off. Try clamping onto it with a big vise-grip pliers.  . . Whatever you do to remove the nut from the axle shaft, it's a good probability that you've damaged the axle shaft in the process.  For safety's sake, you should replace both the nut and shaft with new parts before riding the bike again.. . Good Luck!YOU MAY ALSO TRY USING A TOURCH AND HEAT THE NUT THEN USING A WRENCH YOU CAN TRY TO GET IT OFF QUICKLY IF THIS DOES NOT WORK I WOULD THEN TRY TO CRACK OR SPLIT THE NUT . CHECK WITH SNAPON TOOLS FOR WHAT THEY MAY HAVE. BEFOR PUTTING ON ANOTHER NUT I WOULD USE A CHASE NUT TO STRAIGHTEN OUT THE THREADSgo to sears, craftsman makes box wrenches for this exact type of problem... otherwise, I would try a large vise gripThere are tools for this now, however if you are in  a hurry, you can use a peice of rubber (like from a tire, still with treads) cut in a strip to make a loop and secured with a cresent wrench.  This will "grip" the rounded off corners and hopefully allow for easy removal.My husband has a motorcycle and something similar happened to him. He got a tool that cuts the nut off, then removed the bolt that was also stripped, replacing it with a new bolt and nut. If that doesn't help, call a motorcycle shop or even a car repair shop and see what they suggest. <*)))><
Nomads answer is close but not totally accurate. There is a wheel inside the transmission(differential sensor=abs) that spins with the rotation of the vehicles drive wheels and in conjunction with a wire wrapped magnet creates an ac voltage that is eventually used by the dashboard to dispaly the speed. . Older cars used a cable spinning inside a sheath to turn a disc which influenced a magnet connected to the speedo needle.On modern cars, there is a small magnet inside the differential housing that counts revolutions. If you change tire sizes it will cause your speedometer and your mileage to be off. Older cars had a mechanical speedometer. These could be easily reversed to take miles off of a car. I'm not sure when the change was made.
You probably need to adjust the carburator and check the ignition timing with a timing light. If you don't know how to adjust a carb than find someone that does.Because it's a '77.If its a Holley, the jets need to be changed to a little smaller, to get the rigth one, you might have to play with a few sets until you get the set that meets your needsHello, I am going to assume you have a 302 or a 351 engine,, but the basics can be applied to all. What it seems like is you are having a mixture issue. You may have a choke sucking closed when you romp on the gas, OR you may have a lean condition. Have you checked the fuel pressure? You may have a fuel filter clogging, or a pump that's failing.
DANGER DANGER DANGER.  This guy sounds like every spam I've ever gotten.  DANGER DANGER DANGER!!The bigger question is how do you avoid people like this Mr. Emory Barr!  He is a fake, phony, liar, user, and all around bad news character.NOTE: I AM NOT A NIGERIAN SCAMMER, JUST POINTING OUT THE OBVIOUS. SEE http://www.419eater.com/ FOR MORE DETAILS AND HILARIOUS SCAMS.. . Dear Friend,. You are in sudden luck!  A car for purchase will be you very soon.. . I am Mr.Emory Barr, Accounts Manager, of Abbey National PLC  Bromley Rd Branch. I have an important business proposition for you.. . On December 12th, 2001, a German contractor with the British Pertroleum co-orporation, United Kingdom ,Mr. Olaf Partetzke made a numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for twelve calendar months, valued at US$ 17,350,000.00 (Seventeen Million Three Hundred Hundred and fifty Thousand Dollars only) in my branch.. . Upon maturity,I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers, the British Pertroleum co-orporation that Mr.Olaf Partetzke died from an Automobile accident further investigation,. I found out that he died without making a WILL,and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless.. . I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr. Olaf Partetzke did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents, including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. This sum of US$ 17,350,000.00 is still sitting in my Bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year. No one will ever come forward to claim it. According to inheritance Laws of the United Kingdom, at the expiration of 5 (five) years, the money will revert to the ownership of the Local Government Authorities here in Wales, United Kingdom, if nobody applies to claim the fund.. . Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you to stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Olaf Partetzke. so that the fruits of this old man's labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt government officials.This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately your full names and address so that the attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits that will put you in place as the next of kin. We shall employ the services of an attorney for drafting and notarization of the WILL and to obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate/administration in your favor for the transfer. The money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 60% for me and 35% for you and 5% for Expenses Incurred in the course of the transaction .. . There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and with my position as the Manager with my bank will guarantees the successful execution of this transaction. If you are interested, please reply immediately to my private email. box : getreal@scam.com. . Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction. You should observe utmost confidentiality, and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country.. . Awaiting your urgent reply.. . Thanks and regards.. . . Emory Barr
It's one of those chicken and egg problems.. . 1.  People won't buy hydrogen cars (so companies won't make 'em) because there isn't anywhere to  fill-up a hydrogen car.. 2.  Nobody is going to invest in the infrastructure to create hydrogen filling stations because there aren't any hydrogen cars.. . For Hydrogen cars to become a reality would require massive federal gov't spending to create the hydrogen filling infrastructure.  Once the infrastructure is in place a market will be created and people can start buying hydrogen cars - if there is a demand manufacturers will start making the cars.Same reason they haven't geared up to make other alternative fuel engines.  Oil Companies got their hands in the car companies pockets.hydrogen was about $8 dollars a gallon to produce and now I think they got down to about $4 a gallon to produce. Also It is very expensive to design and build a new car so if they put all their efforts into hydrogen they would all go out of bussiness leading to loss of jobs. Leading to another depression.mass producing of hydrogen is a very expensive proccess.. the technology of hydrogen cars is already exist however its just not marketable unless someone comes up with a cheap way to produce hydrogen
Vehicles flex when they are driven so a simple silicone repair won't cure the problem. To do the job right the windshield should be removed and resealed. Shop around in the Yellow pages and get a few quotes from places like factory dealerships and body shops that promise the job done in a day. There are auto glass specialty shops give them a try.These are the best answer links I know.. Check them out and if you still need help feel free. to Email me for help.. . http://www.info.com/ -  14 search engines. http://www.wisegeek.com/ -  any question. http://www.autozone.com/ -  great auto help, diagrams. http://autoparts.411web.com/ - everything automotive. http://www.howstuffworks.com/ . http://www.thefreedictionary.com/. http://www.2carpros.com/index.htm - mechanics. http://www.streetracing.org/paris/dictionary/index.htm. http://www.crutchfieldadvisor.com/S-CHQL8v6H71J/ -  automotive audio/video etc.. http://www.partstrain.com/?id=doMecGRr - hard to find parts. http://www.mapquest.com/directions/ - directions & distance
I believe they use fusable links, soft wire running off the battery wth the positive cable. Feel along thier length for a break. Replace a bad one with a piece of fusable link wire, NOT regular wire, by removing the pos+ battery clamp.May not use one.. Often circuit breaker built into the headlight switch.Go to www.cars.comYour best bet would be to go to an Auto Zone and have them tell ya!
State laws vary, but you're generally still responsible for the tax you'd pay if you'd bought it in-state.  If you purchase from a dealership, they're often able to collect the tax for nearby states; otherwise, you'll have to pay when you register the car.It differs state by state, but, when you register your new car (or new USED car) in the state where you live, you will be asked when you purchased it and they will calculate sales tax.
The dolly wheels are there to help carry the weight of the loaded truck. As the truck is loaded, the suspension "gives" and the wheels make contact. When it's empty, it doesn't have the extra wheels on the road which helps with fuel consumption and cuts maintenance costs but also counts one less axle at the toll booththey can be lowered when the truck is carrying a heavy load.  the extra set of wheels disperses the weight of the truck out on the road so it doesnt damage the road.they can be lowered when the truck is carrying a heavy load
We will need the year and the engine displacement...1.3.5.2.4.6 the only firing order for inline six cilender engins. The first cilender closest to the front is number one on all SAE engins and on british engins they number from the rear so the last cil on a Jag is nu 11,2,3,4,5,6, from radiator . Firing order is 1 5 3 6 2 4
Make sure you have enough brake fluid first off. Then consider taking it to the dealer.It means the sensors have detected a problem with your anti-lock braking system. It could be the sensor itself, or truly a problem with the abs system. If you aren't having problems stopping, your brakes are functioning like a car without abs and the abs system is not working. I recommend you take it to a brake service place to have the system looked at.
stop smoking and buy a new carYou can but a product called "Upholstry fixer"or something like that (It comes in all colors, with easy instructoins)  at any Super Wal-mart for about $6. Also you can can a piece of cloth, from an unseen part of the car and mold it to the burn spot. Hope this helps!
When was the last time you had the dakota serviced?  Maybe they need to change the lubricant in the transfer case and maybe you also need to get them to lube and repack the gears in the differentials.  Could be you got water in the diffs.ur wot on who?when activating the 4 wheel drive the second diferencial is put to action. a sound is inevitable heard..but if it is to loud you shoul go see a mechanic.Sounds like the rear differential is on the way out .....expensive
the above 2 answers are right.  But you also need to apply grease to the shaft of the 2 bolts.  It fits in a rubber boot.on the front jack up the car and remove the rim now you should be able to see the rotor and calaper  the calaper is what holds the brake pads on the back side of the calaper should be two bolts holding it on remove them and the calaper should slide off remove the old brake pads  there is a pistion in the calaper that has to be colapsed so the new brakes will fit on the rotor some cars are different that others but this method usualy works for most cars take off the cover on the break fluid resovior first then take a big c clamp and a socket that will fit in the center of the calaper piston position the c clamp  with the screw inside the piston and the other side on the back of the calaper be careful not to damage any break lines while cranking the c clamp turn the c clamp until the pistion is all the way inside the calaper now you are ready put the new brakes on put them in the calaper and slide the calaper back on the rotor bolt it back on put cover back on the resovior  start the car and apply the breaks pump them until you feel them getting tight turn off the car check the fluid check the calapers and the break line for leaks if ok put the tire back on  ps when colapsing the calaper pistion fluid may leak out of the resoviou this is normal but messy so you may want to put a pan under it to catch the overflow  no need to bleed the brakes there should not be any air in the lines good luckthe simplest solution to your problem is to go to a mechanic.if you'd like to change them yourself,it all depends of what type of brakes do you have installed on your car.. if you have a simple type you have to remove the wheels and disengage the hydraulic sistem.after that you remove the braking plates(2 pieces/wheel)and take out the braking system.. that is as simple as i could describeIt's not hard really.  Just watch out for my spelling.  If your car uses DISK PADS and not BRAKE SHOES it is easy.  All you need are the appropriate spanners.  I don't remember the sizes, but if you have from 14 up, you should be ok.  Remove the tyre/rim.  Find the brake calliper.  There should be 2 bolts on the calliper, one longer than the other (you'll know when you take it off).  Remove one, or both if you're more comfortable working with the calliper off.  Remove the disk pads.  You may need to pry the calliper down, as in the current position, when you place the new disk pads in it wont fit back onto your disk wheel.  Place in the new disk wheels, and do the reverse of pulling it down.  Make sure you put back the long bolt and short bolt in their appropriate spots.  If your car is different from how I described it, I recommend not trying, unless you know you want to and can have a mechanic come and fix it if you make a mistake.
Contamination from the old compressor remains in the hoses, evaperator & condenser.  System needs thoroughly flushed, new condenser, and add an inline high capacity aftermarket filter.1. open your hood. 2. remove radiator cap. 3. back transport out of driveway and park.. 4. drive different car into driveway. 5. place old radiator cap onto newer, better car.. 6. place for sale sign in transport
Most auto makers are now installing them, since around Y2Kall new cars have a computer, which records certain information. your mechnic can give you more informationhttp://www.harristechnical.com/cdr.htm. . Heres a link to a commercial data recovery company thet has an online application list.
It's a custom, observed to keep things from getting too crowded. Another example; Greenland= Lots of ice.<<<while>>>>  Iceland=lots of green.Try Parking on a Parkway during Rush Hour. Assuming that You survive, take a long drive, down a short Driveway, through the Garage Door.Then You will have Your Answer!Now, if You don't do that, then You will have surely agreed with Me, and will therefore have to Vote This as a "Best-Answer!"to make you wonder why.....oh and by the way, when the vikings discovered greenland it was during the medieval warm period and it was green. so at the time it was an accurate discription. i have no explination on why iceland was named such though.
Take it to the oil change place, give it to the guy, wait for him to finish, then pay him and drive off. Repeat every 3-5 months.take the oil dipstick out and run the engine thats the bad way.. or if it is like any other engine under the engine there is a plug unscrew and let the oil drop into a oil pan. after all the oil is out take the plug/screw and tighten it then take the oil filter out useing a tool from any auto parts store then screw it out get the new oil filter in then tighten it very well (mistake me and my dad did when we changed our RVs oil(oil goes every where)) in the engine on top there is a oil cap open it and put the amount of oil(use either internet or drivers manual best to use drivers manual(don't have it put the 3 quarts, then get the dip stick out and check where it is marked add by 1/2 quarts if needed))put the cap on and put the dip stick on check plug and check the oil filter.start the engine for 10 seconds and check the oil pressure on the dash board goes to the middle. if it isn't showing stop the engine and check under the car and see if there is oil under the car and check the plug oil filter and oil cap and the oil dip stick.
you can either take it to a shop and let them do it or you can start by getting a drain pan wile your car is cold ther is a little drain plug on your lowwer part of radiator. let it all drain if you can jack up the rear of your car so all the fluid will come out then close the plugg and refill make sure you check the fluid after lettin it run for a minut or so with the radiator cap off.I would recommend buying a coolant system flush.  You can get it for about 5 or 10 dollars at a local auto parts store.  Follow the directions exact and you will be fine.  The Flush will clean out your cooling system and has materials in it to condition hoses and seals.
the best way is that you type www.mapquest.com and put from where to where do you want to go. and they will give you the proper directions.Mapquest is your friend!!  Plug in your starting and ending points and you will get step by step directions.I've always found that using a car is best, maybe even a motorcycle.. . however, directions: point car north, turn right, so you are pointing east and then drive. when you get close there will be sign posts ;-)I believe it's hwy 10 east to I75 south or I95 south.
Hard to explain here. Buy a neon manual that you can get at almost any parts store. It isn't to hard, but it is time consuming.The same way you change a pastel colored ball joint.Go to an auto parts store and spend the 12 bucks on a Haynes or Chilton repair manual for the year and make of your car. It will show in detail many, many different repair, troubleshooting, and maintenance procedures. This is by far the best money you could spend on your car. It will save you much grief and effort and if you plan to keep the car, it will save you a lot of money on future repairs.
After you turn the key on and off a few times leave the key on and count the number of times the "check engine" light flashes.Each number of the code will flash close together and then there will be a break for the next number.You will need a manual to decipher the codes after you get them.Listen to russcain, he is right on that one ! Thumbs up for you russ !!!!!What year is the van, you might have to get it read by a code reading computer if it is 7 years or newer.. If it is older than this you can buy a Hanes manual and this will explain how to read the codes.
I have sold several cars on Ebay. I have always got a really good price for them too..You are advertising your car to thousands of people. If you sell on Ebay, the buyer can qualify for a loan right on the ebay site..No doubt in my mind Breeze has got it. Ebay is they way to go.
Check on the side of the gear shift knob - there may be a "Hold" button, which is used to hold the car in its current gear.  That button may be depressed, and, if so, you can push it in to turn off the transmission "hold".is it on dashboard says "HOld"?
You go for a    cruise    on a     yacht.   You cannot do the opposite.About 60,000 DollarsThe size of the ship, both can offer the same amenities, just with different amounts of people.  The biggest Yachts hold 100 people, cruises of course many more.  Cruises on Yachts tend to be more luxuriousA Yacht is a large boat.. . A cruise is an experience.
see if you are getting any power to the small termanal on the stater when you turn the key.if not,then check your wiring and ignition switch.Always make sure to park it on a hill, YUK YUK... . We have to assume it worked before, so you probably hooked the wires to the starter wrong. Also check for corrosion on the battery terminals.
actually, depending on how far you want to drive and how much money you have, hpa motorsports does conversions for golfs and beetles and might be able to adapt it to a honda.  if you are intrested it is around 10k i think and they do it in house so you have to drive to their shopWhy?  It would be much less expensive to just sell the integra and buy some sort of 4wd car or truck.actually i know someone who has done it. . they bought an aftermarket kit to do it off of ebay.com, but probably the easiest is to find a car (or van) that has 4 wheel drive with the same chassy or drive train.You would need to cut out alot of stuff, buy a, driveshaft,  tranfer case, differential, possibly a new engine, a transmission, If you need to ask you wont be able 2 do it. You will find most mechanics wont either.
Are there any full beers or fish still on the boat? Any bait left behind...You have to look for clues....I'm curious what would make you believe that this could be the case.  Chances are that the source of the rumor is your best lead to more information.
Get a co signer or if you have a home try to get a home equity loan. Or find a mate who has a motor cycle , money or  good credit and will co sign for you. If none of the above works for you, you'll just have to forget the Motor cycle and wait till your credit gets better with time and paying off some of your debts. Good luck to you. . Maybe you can barter with some one who has a motor cycle. .LARGE down payment like maybe 40% and/or a co-signer.Barnett's harley davidson in Texas has an alternative credit plan that may be worth looking into, How ever i agree the best thing is to have some cash for a down payment and possibly a co-signer with good credit - hopefully you have at least 6 mos of steady employment and some sort of possitive info on your credit report !. Good Luck.....Everyone should ride! . Get a free credit report and see whats on there and see what kind of arrangements you can make with creditors - if an agreement is reached then you will get props for making an attempt to make things right and everytime you send them a payment it makes your credit report look a little better even if its a small amount....consitency is key !
The drive line is EVERYTHING that makes your car GO!. From the engine to the transmision/transaxle, driveshaft(s), cv joints or differential and axles to the wheels.that usually means the engine, transmission, driveshaft, and rear differential in a rear wheel drive car.  It can also be used to describe a front wheel drive car.The drive line is all the components that make the car move such as engine , transmission, rear end. However I think the answer you are looking for is the drive shaft that puts the power from the transmission to the rear end, many people often refer to this as a drive line.It is the combo of the engine, transmission, and rear axle of the car. These are basically the things that make the car move.
Yellow Pages has listings. There are reputable companies that are insured for your property. Call around and check prices.. With one of those companies, you won't have to woory about all the extras (food, gas, motels) And you don't have to worry about your trailer re-routing somewhere along the line. All costs are included, including the insurance.you could advertise in your local paper or check with a local church. sometimes people travel that way and would be glad to take your stuff.Run an ad. When my father passed away, my mother and I were visited by a friend of my father's, who does that sort of thing for a living. I think it's for dealerships, not sure. But if I knew how to contact him, he might do it for you.
Kia's are cheap peices of crap!! just look at their prices and rating for deadly wrecks.I would rank it as somewhere in the middle. Sometimes you just have to get lucky with your car.. . For the same price, I'd rather look at an older Honda Accord. Kia quality didn't improve drastically until about 2002.Not very reliable knowing kia because I drove a 1997 Kia sephia
the ka24de with 155 horsepower 2.4 liter, 16 valve, 4 cilinder. both the sx and the se have the same enginethe KA24DE
It completes a cycle, which is basically everything an engine requires to produce power, i.e. intake, compression, ignition, exhaust, in two strokes.  Instead of using heads that contain valves regulating intake and exhaust like 4 strokes, two strokes have ports in the cyclinder or combustion chamber.  Two strokes also mix fuel and oil and run on lower compression ratios.This link will tell you how it works, I can do better but I don't have time.. http://auto.howstuffworks.com/diesel-two-stroke1.htmIn Short...When one piston is firing the force compresses the second cylinder for firing... Reed valves let the fuel air mixture in and around she goes. two strokes
Have it delivered by a sheriff's deputy.  $75 approx.FedEx, UPS,
The engine will be severely damaged, as the Gasoline will burn at least ten times hotter than the diesel, due to the fact diesel engines have an extremely high compression rate. In some cases I have seen, the engine explodes because [older] diesels cannot compensate for the sharp increase in RPM's because the injection pump cannot retard fuel timing enough.It won't run.  It might cause damaged it you try to run it.
Its nice you think of others but you have to make yourself happy to. remember no one is PERFECT .relax you sound like a nice person just be yourself but please dont think everthing thats wrong is your fault just RELAXwell the first step is acceptance. if you realize that you make mistakes then you can forgive yourself for them. it is hard trust me i do the same thing but its letting go and not allowing your mind to run circles around the situation. practice letting go and hopefully you can make some progress. if nothing works you may want to seek therapy.THINK GIRL! take a deep breath, think and then act!well, i will recommend you to realize that even though what you just did was not good, replace it doing something good for others, that will help you to feel less guilty of what you did before.Think about what you do that is good. Keep a diary. Get medicine for ocd.Your very insecure.  Try to take a realistic or so called birds eye view of the situation. An unintentional misgiving should never be turned into self critisism.  I would imagine you also are the type to try to make everyone happy or like you also.  Play by your own rule book not one that someone else has written.Your mind is too preoccupied with other matters while your driving, and that's a very dangerous thing. Because when you're out on the road you have to look out for everything and everyone around you. So instead of beating yourself up you should work on clearing your mind of unnecessary aggravation before you get behind the wheel and stay off that cell phone!
get another opinion.  Go to one of your local custom shops they usually have the best advice, but! do soon.WITH A JACK
An implied crosswalk is the same as an unmarked crosswalk.  These are usually at intersections, but check local law to make sure.a white line for the cars to stop behind that goes about halfway across the street.
I agree with paul--I have never seen a water cooled alternator in a production vehicle to date.. . But an alternator takes mechanical power from the engine through a rotating belt and pulley, and creates electrical energy used in accessories.  Water cooling one would involve mating a fluid heat exhanger to the stator.  The rotor would still get hot and need to be air cooled, so putting a fluid heat exhanger on it would be a waste of money.Don't think they exist, but HEY I've been wrong before....... ONCE...way back in 1964The water-cooled alternator can meet these high demands and, as a bonus, feed. warm water into the cooling system and thereby warm the vehicle more quickly.is there any
diesel is ignited by compression.  unleaded is lit by a spark.gasoling is easier to burn and moer dangerious. The gass form is flamabel and flows and spreads.Both will work in your car.  Diesle will give you more power.. . Nah just kidding.
American Motors Corporation (AMC) was an American automobile company, formed in 1954 by the merger of Nash-Kelvinator and Hudson. At the time, it was the largest corporate merger in U.S. history, valued at $198,000,000.. . American Motors was purchased by Chrysler Corporation on March 2, 1987, which discontinued the brand name but continued some of the models under the Eagle marque.AMC had huge quality problems, as did other American manufacturers of the days.  The 80's brought Honda and Toyota 4 cylinder cheap products, which were popular after the fuel prices of the 70's and the effects of inflation of the late 70's during the Carter administration.  The Japanese brought superior quality and a highly reduced price.  The market changed overnight.  Companies like GM brought out their abomination of the Chevette and their conversion of a 350 gas to diesel, which was a total disaster.  AMC joined with Renault, and Dodge was in bed with Mistubishi, and GM with both Toyota and Isuzu.  These relationships helped the Japanese get into the country under american labels to get around tariffs.  Renault was a crappy company; it was like Sears acquiring K-Mart.  . . AMC's biggest mistake was the destruction of the Studebaker vehicles, which were stopped right after Studebaker was purchased.  AMC did not have the financial resources to retool and refit for the gasoline conscious era of the 4 cylinder.  They saw Chrysler as the way out. Chrysler had its own problems pre-amc, and the government bailed it out.  That was the first and last time I think the us gov't will save an american industry player.  It is sad, but AMC product quality just could not comptete.  The spirit of Jeep, however, may have survived the Chrysler merger, but the latest Jeep seems so darn close to the Durango (or vice versa) that its independance seems dampened.  Mercedes now owns Chrysler, and I see some influence in the Jeep line (that is bad).  Is there anything american anymore?????becouse they are making the theare system more hi-tech than the originalFirst car I ever drove was an AMC Gremlin in driver's ed class in high school. Wow, did that car suck! I think my John Deere lawn tractor is way faster & better handling. I don't think too many people mourned the passing of AMC.they went bankruptI believe in the late 60s early 70s. They were earlier known as Ramblers. My father worked for a company that had Ambassadors as company cars. It seems that, with those company cars at least, there were some problems.gm bought out amc for the jeep and eagle name and discontinued the names they didnt want just like gm did with the makes they recently got rid of
there are kits available for good prices.  Or you can cobble together something out of an old chain saw... it's all been done before.  See some kits below:Just break it into thounsands ofpiece and put in on the bicycle.
I can't give you an exact answer but you might consider contacting a local auto machining shop, normally they will have access to this type of information.  My experience is with a domestic vechicle that's a bit newer.get yourself a tork wrench lol :)
buy or make a SHOE OR BENDER A device that wraps 1/2 way round the tube like a cradle.  Do not try anything else it will kink, then its trash...... . Depending on the size auto part store sells a tool to bend brack lines  OR 1/2" size and up go to Home depot Electrical ( EMT ) benderHow to do it depends on what kind of stainless, diameter of the tube, the thickness of the wall and the width of the U.. . To guard against collapse, fill it with something that is low-density (lead is low-density) - then the stainless won't discolor when you remove it.
If its your first swap out, about 10-12 hours. Otherwise about 6-8 hours. Hardest part will be tranny alignment dowels, you'll have to have the engine w/in +/-2degrees of perfect fit.It depends on how much experience you have. I would guess that it would take a few people the better part of an afternoon to finish.
There are literally hundreds of possible reasons. You need to take it somewhere to have the computer scanned, and it will reveal the reason why. 9 times out of 10, it's a bad sensor. (The car has dozens of sensors.)I dont have a Caravan, but tis happened to me once. I looked in my manual and it said that if you don't tighten the fuel cap on your gas tank all the way, this could be a cause of the engine light coming on. Try thatProbably because you need to get your engine looked at.
Any good auto repair shop can do a charging system diagnosis.  And it shouldn't cost alot.  I usually do it for free or less than $20.go to the automotive shop.A Test Light, A Volt Ohm Meter, And The Smarts Where to lookIf the wireing is shortihg out some where in your car, fuses will be burning all the time.a short?!
if you mean car cages still is not clear ? but if you mean roll cages it is metal bars that protect the driver in races or off road driving events ,now if you mean gauges that are the round shapes that contain speed indicator or temperaturew or what is called component of instruments panel.Well first, you don't won't the tachometer to go to the red all the time.Secondly,you don't won't the temperature gages to go to red,so basically look for the color changes if available on your car and remember NO RED DANGER!!!
well with four strokes you dont have a big pwoer band so you cant just punch it and try to pull up. if you have a clutch revit up and let the clutch go and it will take off in a wheelie but if not try power shifting like going in first high then switch to second and punch it while pulling up you should get a little more kick but all in all its hard with no clutch i have  a crf100 so i have no problemIt is recommended that riders on the Honda CRF70F not attemt to pop a wheely as for the bike could become unstable causing the rider to lose control and crash causing serious injury or death. This will also cause damage to the bike's engine and will void the bike's warranty. Although not recommended this should only be attempted by a professional rider wearing an approved helmet and all other saftey gear on a closed off-hwy course and choose to "waive" the bike's warranty.
Why do shipments go by car, and cargo go by ship?  Just a couple of life's little mysteries ;)Because we have to confuse foreigners with our non-literal use of everyday, common sayings so that we can tell them apart from their American counterparts! . . -=OR=-. . It's actually a big plot by the Government to weed out terrorists! Ha!. . Harold Ballinger MCSE,MCNE,CCNABecause a driveway is rather short and comes to a dead end.  You need to stop or else you will drive through your house!lol...who knos...maybe its cuz the english language is stupid.....why do we put artificial lemons in lemonade, but use real lemons in dishsoap? the world may never know
Your best bet is to sign up for a Motorcycle Safety Foundation beginner riders course.  Sign up soon, as classes are limited in size and fill up fast.  You can call one of these locations in Memphis for further information...Yes, Memphis has motorcycles. :). . Maxwell Motor Sports Driving School ought to take great care of you if you need to attend driving school. Here is the link:If you are looking into buying a bike from a dealer, they frequently have classes that will help you.  Check with your insurance agent as they also sometimes have classes to help you out.  Otherwise Marianne looks to have given a good link to help you on out.Check out the Motorcyle Safety Foundation.  There web site has lots of information to include links to the states!
What the do ? does it have spark ?, Mabe no fuel pressure. put a fuel guage on it has elect pump in the tank, make sure the pump is pulsing, take a test light turn the key on. check the fuel pump relay, cause if the relay is out to lunch, it wont delever spark to the ign system, dont start replacing parts, that's not fixing it, do a standard no start test check all fuses, then make sure fuel system, has presure, volume , need to ckeck these things first, also in the past,ive runinto bad parts , that i bought and well, good luckYou are overlooking everything here. Check for spark. If you have spark then check fuel system. If you do check your injector pulse with. If no pulse then yes maybe it was your computer that went bad but before replacing it you should have checked for a shorted solenoid cause if you do then gues what your new computer will fry again. Also have you checked your timing belt to see if it broke or maybe slipped a tooth? I suggest you take to a shop for proper diagnosis.
Ok now here is the real answer... Every time you put two different (dissimilar) metals together one becomes the anode and one becomes the cathode. When you pass electricity through them the anode then corodes.. . There is a coating you can spray ontop of your terminal to insulate and keep out the oxygen. You can get it at your local auto parts store.sir_will_yum is right.It is the acid, you have a lead acid battery with lead post. With that you attach lead clamps,but these clamps are attached to copper wires, which act like a magnet and attract the acid.. To keep them from doing this, here is a few thing that I have found will work.. #1 grease on the post. #2 silecon on the post. #3 Spray it with WD-40. #4 put a copper penny on the battery and it will draw the acid to the penny.car battery terminal corrode when the electrolyte or in other words battery water get on the terminal.u can prevent this from happening by putting greese on the terminals or making sure the cells are closed properlyBattery terminals corrode due to oxidation of the acid on the metal battery terminals when current pass through it. The best solution i've done so far is put a thin coating of silicone paste on the exposed terminals. it has been months since i last applied it but still no sign of corrosion. if no silicone paste is available, you can use oil or grease instead.You also can use side post batteres that will slow it way down. By useing grease heat will melt it causeing a bad connection, in between your cable and post. useing a penny does work. You can also wash your bat. often like when you wash your car.
thermostat, also check the coolant level, then the vents. Then you sell it, and buy a Chevy.Check your t-stat and coolant levelyou probably need to replace the thermostat.try checking the air filter in the ac ... i know that sounds odd, but my car did that for awhile until my mechanic check my air filter and cleaned it... i eventually replaced it and it was great!check the water in you car if it is not that then you need to get it to a shop and fasttry having your radiator flushed because it may be that your heater coIL is stoped up. your heater coIL is usually found behind your glove compartment or test your thermostat in a pot of hot water to see if its opening to ALLOW HOT WATER TO CIRCULATEyou might need to check your heater coil...Because u bought a chrysler vechile and you should have bought a chev...check thermostat, and coolantyour windows are down and its winter.try rolling them up .hahaIf there is hot air coming from one vent and cold from another, I dont see how this can be associated with a Thermostat or coolant levels, since the hot air would be coming from the heater core.  If it was the thermostat being stuck open, then none of the air would get warm.  Sounds more like a diverter, in the ducting of some sort, not opening to the proper position.it is probalby your t-stat  put a piece of cardboard in front of your radiator, if it heat up, you have a bad t-stat if not bring your jeep in
it will beep telling you that you have a flat tireI think that is the light that looks kind of like a horse shoe?  With my Sienna it stays on all of the time, but the tires are all fine.  I think it might be some kind of a circuit problem.  Is yours staying on even though the tires are fine?this new Sienna has a Tire Pressure Monitor, which indicates the pressure of the tire.that your tire is flat
remove the drain plug, drain the old oil. replace the drain plug and refill.the oil pan plug has got to be at the lowest point on the engine , check around the bottom of the oil pan
A '79 Nova...just slowly turn the distributor back and forth until you find the point where it idles smoothest and be done with it.well if the engine runs and you want to set the timing then you will need a timing light, first connect your timing light to the battery and the number one spark plug wire, clean off your timing marks on the harmonic balancer and timing indicator and outline with chalk or something that is visible this is just  a suggestion and is not required, loosen the distributor clamp about a quarter turn and then start the engine, point your timing light at the marks and see where the lines are on the balancer and your indicator, I do not know the specification on your car but 0 degrees or slightly advanced is generally a good starting point. If your car backfires or when the starter engages and the engine turns over real slow then that is a good indication that your timing is off or a fault somewhere in the ignition system.
By chanceRemotes are fun and trying them out without a manual is even more fun, and even later after you've learned as much as you have, you can always call the product company with information from the back of the remote.   Have fun, because that's what I had to do...  Dr Checko    (Nickname)
efi stands for electronic fuel injection.  a fuel injector is position in the intake port pointed at the intake valve.  as the engine runs the injecter pulses and a mist of gas is sprayed into the cylinder.  this proces is controled by the car's computerwhat kind of a question is this"efi" stands for .......???
You should get a pig tail harness, it will tell you what's what... I do know that yellow is constant, red is hot, black is ground, blue is for an auto antenna.. speaker wires have colored ribbons around them that tell which speaker they go to ... and I can't recall what those are anylonger.once again...if you have to ask, dont do it.  take it to a professional.  my staff can swap out the factory radio with an aftermarket in less than five minutes.  trust me, pay to have it done right.
Same thing with a 5.0L Remove upper intake ans valve cover is exposed. U do need a special tool to remove & install the middle bolt for the upper intake. Sears should have this long torx bit and maybe local auto parts store may have it. Snap on & Mac also have this tool Long T40 Torx.i had a 88 with a 4.9l that i had to do that with. i had a chiltons manual but basically you have to take off the whole intake. once the intake was off the cover was in plain view. just take all the bolts off and it comes right out.
First you are going to need plenty of capitol. Find a building for rent or lease in an appropriate neighborhood and fill it with used bikes bought from individuals. Viola!get a business license, buy a used bike, sell it.Can be tricky.  You are dealing with bikes that have been ridden a lot, and they can be temperamental.  You would definitely do a lot better selling new bikes, but dealerships are cost-prohibitive.
Ford doesn't suck!! I have owned 2 Ford Rangers and the lastest one I have rolled and landed back on my tires and still drives..It really depends on the driving you do and how you are driving..Now I ask you why do you ask why Ford sucks so bad? I have had an easier time to replace parts, get parts...Fords don't suck, (and I believe in driving American).  I would never drive a car that wasn't a Ford.because they are american carsI love my truck.  It is a wonderful vehicle--not perfect, but completely loyal, and never left me stranded.  I have not owned a japanese car or truck, so I can't compare experiences.Sounds like kind of an opinionated question. That would be like me asking why you suck so bad. You should really ask questions that are open to opinions. Maybe something like "In your opinion, what disadvantages does Ford have over the competition."In my opinion Fords are excellent vehicles, I'm sorry if you happened to be one of those who have had a poor experience.omg-ford does not suck!. did someone who owns a chevy tell you this?. my expedition is the most reliable vehicle i've ever owned, and the 3 ex's(explorer, expedition, and excursion are some of the best sellings vehicles)I own a 03 Mustang that I bought brand new back then, so these are some things I noticed.... I think the interior quality sucks. There are lots of weird rattling noises that come from the dashboard that randomly appear and disappear. The cd player really sucked... It skipped a whole bunch and eventually started making weird noises and spitting the cds out scratched. At first, the mechanical features had no problems but after a while, the engine noise started to sound kind of strange. It started making a ticking sound kind of like when you stick a piece of paper into a fan and hold it there. The suspension of the car also started having problems later and they squeak when you make turns. . The reason I initially bought a Mustang was because it was pretty cheap for a fairly fast sportscar. However, I regret buying this car. Though it has pretty good performance for its cost, I think overall it is unreliable and has too many problems. I would recommend spending a bit more money and buying something more reliable like a BMW or something.Fords don't suck it depends who you are and right now they are the only ones stepping up in the automobile world and american cars are way better than imports becuz the price to replace a part is cheaper and i would take any stock mustang or camaro over any stock import or should i say rice burner
I have also been in Aviation a long time and have never heard this used in normal terminology. But seems logical that below the wing means on the bottom side of the wing.In what context is this phrase being used? I have been in the business for 17 years and have never heard that phrase in any airline terminology.
filter is located on the left side mounted on the car frame.you need a special tool to remove the filter.it used plastic clips to lock in the filter.tools cause about 15 dollars from pep boys or kragen auto parts.it takes about half an hour to change it. you need a pan to capture the excess gas when you remove the filter.cover the fuel filter connector with a cloth and remove fuel filter slowly to release the fuel pressure.do this job in a wide open area so you can breathe.The fuel filter is near the gas tank.  I suggest buying the part first so that you know what it looks like and you locate it.  Jack up the rear of your car and it should be near the gas tank.  If you take it to a repair shop it should cost less than $50 to do....
I'm guessing the drive ones slip and spin more in bad weather, gathering more dirt.Weight of the engine over the drive wheels.i think you are referring to the front wheels getting dirtier.  it really isn't about the drive, it's the fact that braking creates dust from the brakes and about 80% of the braking is done by the front wheels.  consider why:  as you apply the brakes and the car slows, more of the vehicle weight is supported by the front of the vehicle and less by the back.  therefore, more braking force needs to go to the front than the back because the tire won't slip as easily with more weight on it.
sounds like a alignment problem to me . check and see if ur tires seem to be wearing even, if thats dont seem to be the problem , them may be a cv joint problem, or a tire with a broken band ,another problem could be the rack and pinion and that is why it shakes you would really need to see, . . align = pulling to either left or right. cv joint= shakeing and boucing. rack and pinion=shaking and squeek sound when turnin the wheel left or right.
Simple, it doesn't actually look like a K. It's also known as a 3 point turn. You'll change direction 3 times to wiggle around in a narrow space.foward beyond your mark, back to the side indicated turning wheels sharply, forward to the furtherst point with wheels turned oppisite direction. back turning wheels again until front clears enough to continue on your way . Personally I think it looks more like an X
Diesels don't have spark plugs.  Oh yea, definately take it to a service place to have them fix the glow plugs.  It is possible to do it yourself, but the thing is, they might break off when you try to unscrew them, then the only way to get them out is to take the head off the engine.  And that is not an easy job.  (Assuming you meant the glowplugs.  If it's hard to start in the winter or cold days, then it is the glowplugs that are bad)The torque on the valve cover and glow plugs is absolutely critical--you need an inch-lb torque wrench.  The airconditioning interferes with the passenger side valve cover and is a real beotch to remove.  NEVER drop a bolt down into the engine!! It is easy to do.  You will need to machine or modify a 10mm socket to use on the glow plug head since a normal socket won't fit.  You have to size one for the application.. . The glo plugs are much cheaper on-line.  The mark-up is a hundred bux or more from "service centers."dont have spark plugs, but if you have problems starting in cold weather buy a block heater.  there easy to install, and easier on the engine on cold mornings.Diesals dont have spark plugs but they do have glow plugs. Take it to any Ford house have them fix it.why would you ask such a question?
I am having the same problem on a 2001 model. We have received estimates between $900-$1300. I'm in Johnson City, Tn$2500
Map out the production process with a time line. Then identify all the value added steps (steps in which a product is modified) as opposed to non-valued added steps (steps in which a product is moved, inspected, buffered, etc).. . The efficiency is simply the sum of time of value added steps divided by the total time of the production process.The way it is done in manufacturing plants is number of vehicles produced per hours paid to employees. Example 100 employees @ 8 hrs produced 80 vehicles that is 10 hours per vehicle.
The best answer I could tell you is take it to several different shops and see what problems keep comming up. like if all of them say you need a new tranny then i would think you probably need one. 3 is a good number of shops to visit!. good luckI'd say go to a couple of different ones. You probably have an idea of what's going on with your car, and if they all say something different than the other, i'd maybe find someone who you know (friend, co-worker) who'll check your car just to make sure, or ask other people who've had their car repaired by a shop, see which ones they recommend. Some car shops like to lie, and make up problems, especially to women, because they think we know nothing mechanically about cars.Get a second opinion, and don't tell them what the first one said.You dont really have to follow the requirements for the 100k inspection.  Some shops like to rip off women so be careful, maybe have a man go with you if its possilbe.a lot of them are like used car dealers >>>>if their lips are moving  you know they FOOLING you. It's like going to the doctor GET A SECOND DIAGNOSIS !
Buy a Chilton manual for your truck.  They're about 20 bucks at Autozone.  It'll tell you how do do just about anything with your vehicle except to adjust the antilock brakes and airbags.save your self the problem. It's just easier to buy a new one
Xenon is similar to a flouresent light.  It has gas trapped insied a tube and an electrical current flowing through it gives off light.  A halogen light is similar to a regular lightbulb, with a filament glowing when electrical current passes over it.halogens are not as bright or as expensive
I would personally make sure that the contract is notarized, because then you have a legal and binding agreement. He won't be able to take the car back as long as you pay him as you agreed to do. By all means, get it documented!!!Sounds like you have a bigger problem, one of insurance. Who is liable while you are driving. The guy is nuts for allowing you to take the car without paying for it, and leave title in his name.. . However you pay for the car is one thing, but take title and remove the insurance problem.. . You don't need a notarized document. A signature by both of you on a bill of sale is quite enough legally. . . A small claims court will deal with the issue.
I looked high and low with no luck. I don’t think it exists to tell the truth, but best of luck to ya. Maybe someone else will find it.yeh, there is in Inda. Mahindra & Mahindra using MM as serial not as logo, like MM540.. . I don't find any thing else.That's an easy one, that is what is on the hood emblem of the Mercedes Maybach (FYI Maybach is a sub-company of Mercedes). Maybach makes the very lavish Maybach 64 which has reclinable seats in the back and LCD monitors in the headrests.
Buy a ticket and you will get a boarding pass.  Buy 2 tickets and you will get two boarding passes.  Buy 3 tickets and......Cash will get you anything.Ummmmm, buy it online??
I dont know But I hope You figure it out you are very cuteAre you sure they need replaced?  It is very uncommon to need push rods replaced with hydraulic lifters.  I'd recommend having a professional diagnose it and do the work if needed.  That would not be a job for a novice.Like the mechanic previously said, it is very uncommon for this type of work to be needed. However, if you are sure it is necessary, the procedure would be as follows.. 1) Remove upper intake manifold (drain coolant first). 2) Remove valve covers. 3) Remove fuel injectors & all related electronics from lower intake manifold. 4) Remove lower intake manifold. 5) Loosen rocker arm nuts enough to allow pushrods to come out (so you can move rocker arms aside) and then remove pushrods. 6) Reverse the process to reassemble but make sure you torque everything to spec
It means that something will be crossing the street or road in that area. Whatever the picture shows is what will be crossing.It's short for "crossing"Crossing (Generally for people, but it can apply to pretty much anything like trains)Crossingcrossing.. in cali. it's say xing peopleI means that you're on Jaime Kennedy's experiment and you've been "X"ed.xing - crossing:  usually found in pedestrian lanes or near schools and other public places.
I would like to answer this question but I'm TWO-TIRED!  HA-HA-HAThat question requires a loooong answer (probably). Give your local bike shop a visit and let the mechanic give you the run down.
You don't switch off the belt change indicator, you change the belt. Beleive me the designer and manufacurer know their motorcycle better than you.re-read the first answer, he is skeaking great truth, plus Buy a Chilton manual. this problem will include more questions later.
towing power for heavy loads or better grip through really rough, steep terrain.power. not for towing. if you use 4wd on dry normal roads you will tear up the tranny or axles or xfr case or moreTowing.Low gearing allows the engine to turn more times per tire rotation.  This allows for increased traction and grunt power.  A low geared 4x4 for example, could easily pull a heavily loaded 2WD 80's station wagon buried up to it's axles in sand out of the sand with little difficulty.  It's also great for snow.
The wheels move faster than the human eye can capture, therefore the optical illusion is that they move backwards.The illusion only occurs on film on TV, because you're not seeing continuous action, but rather a series of still pictures. See the page linked below for more info.I've noticed that too. Why is that?optical illusioni have only seen thaqt on a movie picture
manifold absolute pressure sensor without it you have nothingi think you should give me your car for parts because a map  sensor is way too expensive to pay for on this old of a car. . Canadian Mechanic(Lumina Fan Club President)
Shhh! Iran is working on Hydrogen cars and everyone is upset about the potential power placed into the hands of importers while we hire their cousins to guard our ports.. . Its another Michael Moore movie in the making.. Stay tuned.a bit complicated but to make it easy all the hydrogen is passed through well protected radiator like cells where oxygene is separated to ignite the combustion processand h2o water is channelled to the exghoust as condensed vapor .this site should help
The two cannot be removed as a unit,first lubricate and wire brush the brake lines,there are many good lubricants to do the job,WD40 is one, there are a few more,unless your lines are toast the WD should do it.the idea being the cleaner the lines,the easier they'll come off.Don't use your wire brush like a hammer,I believe that vehicle has two(2)attached lines,facing you. With even clean strokes use the wire brush to remove the rust from the threads of the lines,you may need two (2) wire brushes,a large one and a small one. Use the brushes to clean the threads around both lines. This will make removing the lines easier and safer,no damage to the lines.Take things slow if you're not familiar with doing the job.Once the lines are removed,you can remove the cylinder from the booster by removing the four(4)nuts.I believe on that chevy you're going to have to go inside way under the floor board to do some removing for some nuts for the booster, check anyway.Do the replacement in reverse, just like you took it off.Before you reinstall the master cylinder, you're going to have to do what's called "bench bleeding"you can do this against the curb or in a garage.Fill the cylinder with fluid, using something like a long punch or screwdriver you're going to have to "bench bleed the cylinder, which requires a kit from the auto parts store,the guy will explain how to do it,once thats done put everything back the way it was,bleed the wheels,and your all set.a hammer
a plane built to black box standards would be so heavy you'd have to drive it rather than fly.. . Unlike the rest of the aircraft, which is mostly made of light materials such as aluminum and plastic, the cockpit voice recorder and the flight data recorder are encased in stainless steel boxes roughly 10 inches by 10 inches by 5. The steel is maybe a quarter inch thick and the boxes are so heavy in consequence that the designers don't even bother enclosing the accompanying electronics, which in a crash generally meet the same fate as the passengers. As an added precaution, the boxes are lined with a liquid-filled foam bladder encased in plastic that's supposed to protect against the intense heat of a post-crash fire.Asked and answered dozens of times already. Isn't it time to move on to a more intelligent question?Cost.  Even if the plane survived, the passengers would still be killed in a crash.Cause they probably COULDN'T FIND IT after the crash...
Go to a hardware store and buy some friction tape. This stuff is sticky on one side and kindof like sandpaper on the other. It should give it more grip.Try an auto store and get a brake cover pad. This should help. Ask the salesman, I'm sure they can suggest something better and pricier of course.Don't bother - just sell the damn thing and get a real car
I test rode one of these just in the fall, kewl bike.  The bike is numble and quick, just a fun ride.  If I didn't just spend all my money on my Road King and I wanted a second bike, the Buell is tops on my list for a bop around town bike.manufacturers know that the only motive for buying a motorcycle is DESIRE.  If you like the bike and its price makes sense to you then you buy it.. Luckily HD-Buell lets people test drive the bikes to answer questions for themselves.  A test ride can tell you things that stats and Cycle World fails to tell you.  Heck any bike nowadays is near perfect, anything against the bike would just be nit-picking.  If you want to compare bike to bike then that's where the reviews come in handy.  Wait for Rider or CW to tell you what to buy (I think it is still the GS or maybe the KTM... who can keep up?).. My opinion is that the Ulysses is too expensive.  So is the BMW, so is the KTM.  Anyone can go pick up a used XR650L or KLR650 or Kawi Concours for that matter if he wanted an entirely perfectly capable mount for anything he could throw at it for a decent price.  It all comes down to the fact that the Ulysses is the latest thing and it appeals to your desires.  A couple years from now it will just be another used bike and won't even be a consideration against the next round of one-up-mans.. Buy what you WANT, forget about reason.
These days I think it is cell phone use.Not paying attention, ie: looking off, talking on the cell, messing with the radio...One would think that using cell phones while driving is the top cause, but studies actually show that "rubbernecking" is the leading cause of car accidents!  Please just keep your eyes on the road!!!!  Some of the other top causes are driver fatigue, in car distractions, and adjusting the radio.
You can visually inspect fuses by pulling it out and looking at the bridge that joins the 2 metal blades.  If no bridge exists, its blown.  You can get fuses at Autozone or any other auto place that have lights built into them that will light up whenever a fuse is blown, so you don't even have to take the fuse out to look and see if it blew.In most cars, the fusepanel is underneath the steering column, or underneath the hood. Pop the hood and look around for a small square shaped box, usually near a corner near the windshield. IF you find it open the lid, and- voilaThis may be some what difficult because there are so many fuses. ie car fuses, blade type bus fuses , breakers etc.. Can u be more specific and tell me what they are used in?
stop smoking them...spray any insecticide in the car close all the windows and doors, keep it close for atleast 15 minutes and then spray some perfume. I keep my car odorless by doing this activity once in two/three days. I also smoke in car but my car shows no telltale signs.put baking soda in your ashtrayyou can try a product called ozone sold at most auto parts stores, also lysol works get original sent works best. if that wont work take you auto to a perfessional detailer to have the appolstry cleaned, make shure to let them know thats what you after         x service tech, for GM
the ones nearest the north pole.ANYTHING 30'S, 40'S OR 50'S ESPECIALLY LIKE THE OLD BUICKSTrucks are pretty pimp these days (especially my babys dodge ram)! But i gotta say its my 06' Eclipse!!!The best ones in a specific individual's price range.
try the internetIf you are buying a Brand new car the dealer should be able to tell you at the time of sale.  Depending on the state that you buy the car in the dealer will even do it for you.  I work as a salesman at a dealership in New Jersey and we do it for our customers.  FYI wieght of the vehicle and "lein" status are 2 of the factors that are used to determine price of titling.
The same way it is now. In English, from top to bottom and left to rightHarley Davidson Motor CyclesBlock printed "Harley-Davidson" with the H and D approx 1 1/2 times bigger than the other letters. Gold outline, black letters.
You question is too vague.Get a hoist and hook it to the engine. Lift the engine up and then lower it into the chevy. Bolt it in place and hook up the tranny and all the hoses and wires and then you are done.
get a gun, rob a paint supplier, then force someone to paint it at gunpoint, the quality may be shoddy, though.If you haven't gotten your car painted yet you can look up and see if you have a trade school in your area that teaches auto body repair and see if your car is a good candidate for them to use in there teaching program. Sometimes they will do it for free to teach a class and sometimes all they will charge you for is the cost of the paint
Sounds like the push button control to control your transfer case caused the problem.You can never be certain though.Take it to a shop deticated to working on 4x4 vehicles for a proper fix.Is the truck lifted? Sometimes the driveline geometry can cause issues.change ur transmission or if your drive shaft is bent then that can be a problem too
One great place is the American Motorcycle Association's website, they have information broke down by state, so you can find what regulations applies to you. As for motorcycle info, buy some of the top motorcycle magazines, the best for info are the ones with fully clothed ladies in them.the DMV or the secretary of state office as long as you have a vin(vehicle Identification number)you can find out the owner
If you don't have any idiot lights lit then I would take it to a mechanic that offers free estimates.  Either he can point you in the right direction of give you a fair rate to get it taken care of.  A thorough tune-up shouldn't cost you more then $250.  It will cost much less if you do it yourself.maybe a tune up or your idle may just need adjustedIntake Thermal Control Valve. Vacume leak. Fuel Filter. Fuel pump. Main Relay. Ect.... . It could be a lot of things.  I hope your handy.I thnk its the altinator, if it turns over but it shuts right away, you can see if its that by connnecting cables from a diffrent car or a battery booster pack, if it gos off as soon as you take the cables off means its the Alltinator.star Small With fairly inexpensive stuff. A "wonder drug" it Fuel Injector cleaner. just get a bottle at the gas station, and pour it into a full tank of gas. that may fix it. Check your Spark Plugs and Plug Wires, also the fuel filter could be clogged too. . those are the simple inexpensive things. if that doesn't fix it. listen for an Audible Humming near the rear of the car, in the gas tank of most fuel injected cars is a High Pressure Fuel Pump, if you can hear it, it's going bad.  the worst case could be your injectors or the computer thingy's that control the injectors.sell it and buy a chevycheck your PCV valveair filter gas filter sparkplugs sparkplug wires BAD GAS buy some fuel injector cleaner and put it in the gasit might just need a tune up, or it might be a clogged up fuel filter. I have had that problem before
The upstream O2 sensor measures the exhaust comming out of the engine and before going into the catalytic converter. The downstream measures the exhaust after the catalytic converter. The computer will then compare the two readings and make adjustments to the fuel. Either rich or lean.The upstream sensor is used to determine if the engine is rich or lean.The computer use the information to determine injector openings.It is located before the catalytic converter.The downstream sensor is used to determine the efficiency of the catalyst and is therefore located after the converter. As a rule of thumb sensor on cars made prior to 1996 should replace O2 sensors every 50,000 miles. The sensors on cars newer than 1996 should be replaced at tune up time, usually 100,000 miles.
Try opening all the doors and the trunk then spray some WD40 into the latches of all. Close and open each several times. If this does not resolve your problem, you probably have a bad switch somewhere.check the switches on the door jams, they may be faulty or broken
in piping , its somthing like flange that use with clamp and seal ring .It's a central point, a central, could be a kind of stock, connected to or in contact with distributed departments, decentral stocks.. . Can be compared to the it-definition where the hub is the heart in the network, and all others networkcomponents are the spokes ... like the center in a wheel and the metalsticks spreading out from it to the tire in the outer ring...
may aftermarket head units have it pre setup.  if it is an adapter for the house too, get an fm transmitter. if you don't have it yet get it at circuit city or best buy and sometimes they do a free install with purchaseHave it professionally installed. Worth every penny!
just walk to the edge look around spot one and wave your hand up high saying Taxi!. . Infamous, nice to see you smileOh dude !!! Jamaica has taxi's man i can't beleive you're having a problem getting a cab. When I was in jamaica--- my cab driver was my means to get my drugs... dude its sweet --- call a cabbie --- u can get weed, cane, rocks whatever the fuk u want ---- u jsut gotta tip the guy an american $20 every run --- but its worth it dude--- drugs really cheap down there. . . lol @ cant find a cab in jamaica
fuel filter is the most obvious place to look, but have them put it on a computer diagnostic as well as it may be several other things ranging from fouled plugs to a Mass-air-flow sensor.  But the fuel filter is the cheapest and easiest to check and replace first.Another possibility is the air intake sensor. I haven't seen too many of these go bad on Toyotas, but have on other makes. If the sensor is bad it tells the rest of the system the air is cold and makes the car run rich (too much fuel, too kittle air). On an engine at normal temperature it will sometimes stall at lights.. . Don't give up on it - it's likely a simple repair and the 98 Camry is a real good car that will last you for a long time.could be a clogged fuel filter.have the fuel filter checked.
A repair of this nature, I would recommend taking it to a REPUTABLE repair shop. It is too easy to mess up, and if you do it wrong, you will be buying a new motor.I work for mits. these are not easy to do...i would rec. taking it to the mits dealer and have them perform for you. It may be a little more cost than an aftermarket shop, but the quality of parts is much better than the aftermarket.Dig deep, line up the timing marks on the cam, crank, and be sure to replace the belt tensioner because once you compress it, it will be junk.(Thanks Mitsubishi)have some one that knows what they are doing work on it i had someone change my timing chain and he told me to take it for a test drive i made it 3 mile and blow my motor cause the chain was not put on right it has to be exactly in the same spot as the one taken off
Benefits Include:. .  -- a space to sit/sleep for the duration of travel depending on how much you paid for your ticket..  -- access to toilets and washbasins on a first come first use basis..  -- Emergency Stopping or Assistance facility including railway doctors and trained personnel for first aid..  -- Free drinking water from railway stations,.  -- Platform ticket waiver for all passengers on any station you wish to set foot on..  -- An opportunity to network with fellow citizens of India.the benefits of seeing beautiful indian girls, and the chance of getting different states food
Most of the time, it should be posted on the vehicle registration or title.. . To get an exact weight, you can go to a place that has a truck scale and get your vehicle weighed.  It may cost a couple of bucks, but if you need to be fairly precise, that would take care of it.check the manualOpen car door,look on inside of door where it meets lock to body of car-it should tell you therePut it on your bathroom scale
Yes, essentially that is correct.  Diesel locomotives are referred to technically as "diesel-electrics" because the diesel is the combustion source that generates electricity in the form of either a generator or alternator that is then feed to the traction motors (today there are two types, direct current and alternating current).  In electric locomotives the source of power is simply electricity (either from overhead wires or a third rail) which drives the traction motors (and there is no combustion source per se).Most of them fall in two categories.. A. Electrical  B. Diesel. . For Electrical it simply drives to electrical motors that generates limiting friction( say produces thrust to move ahead) for motion.. . For Diesel, it is the generaor that produces the electricity that in turn powers a motor for MOTION. . . In some parts of the world Steam Engine is still in commercial service that uses steam to generate mechanical power for motion.. . Latest in Loco Technology is " Magnetic Levitation(maglev)". The only maglev train so far I know is in commercial service is in Shanghai in between airport terminal and city centre. It is manufactured by Siemens.
If the battery, starter and starter circuit are working correctly, and the starter isn't able to turn the engine - it's possible that the engine is seized.. . To check without using the starter: remove the spark plugs. You should then be able to rotate the engine freely by hand, using a breaker bar or large ratchet on the bolt in the center of the -lowest- large pulley, which is attached to the engine's crankshaft.. . Good luck!put a wrench on the crank pully bolt and try to turn the engine by hand.First look to see if theres any oil in engine (change oil every 3,000 miles or so), if not u probably seized it. Need more details, did this happen while driving? Is the vehicle not starting? Did you hear any noise?
Synthetic is man made while the rest comes out of the ground.  Synthetic is longer lasting and a better lubricant, although it's quite a bit more expensive.  If you change your oil frequently the cheaper stuff is fine, but if you forget you are better off with Synthetic.synthetic oil is a better lubricant than natural oilsynthetic oil is man made unlike regular oil which is fossil based and refined. based on usage it is better to use synthetic specially on older cars. It is not carbon based hence it doesnt burn and turn black due to use. you can only use regular oil for like 3000 - 4000 miles between changes. unlike synthetic oils which are more viscous and bonds to your engine parts. They can be used as rated for 80,000 to 100,000 miles without changes on regular use. I have personally used Mobil 1 on my 1997 Nissan Sentra and am driving in tropical climates of the Philippines and have used it without change for 2 yrs or about 10,000 miles. I dont drive that far but traffic is gruelling and horendous in the Philippines. Depends on you driving habits and use these numbers can go lower or higher but definetly you will have fewer oil changes in a year. its a worthwhile investment.
you'd be better off airing it up and driving directly to a tire store.  let them repair it.  you sound kind of like a wimp.Is it any different than any other vehicle? If not, first find the spare, jack and wrench. Loosen the lugnuts with the wrench (LOOSEN). Jack the car up. Take off the nuts. Take off the tire. Repeat steps in reverse order.Call AAAwell first you start by removing the headlight assembly( this will give you access to the inner wheel bolt) than you should already have the bolt strecther handy to remove the bottle of comressed air that controlls the psi in the tire .. than depending on the year of the honda i would remove the fender gasket to comfortably remove the gas tank ( you don't want a fire) if it's the same tire as mine i had to order a brand new muffler bearing. you need to replace that so it sounds like the tire can rotate.. after all is said and done you can finally access the tire.. but before you do that, i would remove the head gasket just incase.. finally the bolts are ready to remove.. step 1 remove in a star pattern. step 2 die
Read your owner's manuals.  It should be in there!. . The 1998 owners manual says to hold button in and turn key to on, not start, and hold for about 10 seconds for it to reset.On a 1997 Honda Accord, there is a little hole in the plastic next to the button. You just insert something in the hole (like the key or a toothpick) and it resets.
because car engines are made out metals. So when in a constant heat-cool cycle metals loose the their physical properties and basically fracture or break apart. As you can understand this causes a lot of problems in the function of the various engine parts.because of the constant heating and cooling down.Basically at high temps there is more pressure on the cooling system in its function thus higher likelyhood of a failure and  fuel at this temp tends to be overly volatile - this may cause a problem. . Low temps affects the batteries, oil-if wrong grade is used and water in radiator if correct antifreeze/mixture not used.
This is a response to a 1 answer question over 30 days old.. I am attempting to give you USEFUL infomation to help you find the answer you seek.. I hope you will find what you are looking for.. . These are the best answer links I know.. Check them out and if you still need help feel free. to Email me for help, Supergwo@Yahoo.com.. . ----------All sites are FREE!-------------. http://www.autozone.com/ -   diagrams,repair info,LOOK HERE. http://www.all-about-car-selection.com/index.html - VERY GOOD. http://www.info.com/ -  14 search engines. http://www.wisegeek.com/ -  any question. http://www.ask.com/?o=312#subject:ask|pg:1 - everything. http://autoparts.411web.com/ - everything automotive. http://www.howstuffworks.com/ - how stuff works. http://www.thefreedictionary.com/ - dictionary. http://www.2carpros.com/index.htm - mechanics Q & A. http://www.streetracing.org/paris/dictionary/index.htm - terms. http://www.crutchfieldadvisor.com/S-CHQL8v6H71J/ -  auto a/v. http://www.partstrain.com/?id=doMecGRr - hard to find parts. http://www.mapquest.com/directions/ - directions & distance. http://www.carcarecouncil.org/index.shtml - basic car care. http://www.diynetwork.com/diy/autos_boats - DIY resource. http://www.autospeak.com/index.htm - for car enthusiasts. http://www.mendmy.com/answers.php?id=13909 - fix anything. http://www.theautochannel.com/ - up to date auto news. http://www.motorera.com/ - old cars & definitions. http://www.autopedia.com/ - automotive dictionary. http://www.edmunds.com/ - automotive values . http://www.tractordata.com/ - info on all types of farm tractors. http://sd.craigslist.org/about/cities.html - community classifieds. http://www.nhtsa.dot.gov/ -  Nat'l Hyway Traffic Safety Admin.. . Web search for forums in your field of interest, they are very helpful.. Federal, State, & Local governments have websites.. Go to my 360 site to read my blogs.Exit I-5 N. at hwy 74, turn right (East?) enjoy the beautiful drive to L/E
He previoous answer is pretty close, but I wouldn't buy the part at the junk yard. It really isn't expensive, go to your local parts store and ask for a turn signal switch and it is easy to replace the hardest part is getting the steering wheel off. This is the only fix for your problem.There is no adjustment to make. It is just switch. It should be pretty easy to replace. Go to junk yard and buy one from there. Just make sure its from about the same year as your car and you should be fine.
This light means the cars computer has found something wrong. This does not mean the car is going to stop or leave you stranged, it just means something is not fuctioning right.. You can take it to Auto_Zone and thy will check it for you free. Then you will have to take it to your mechanic to have the defect part replacesit could be a number of things like low on oil or a bad 02 sensor  the only way to find out for shure is to bring it to a gararge  check your oil firstB/c Geo Prisms are pieces of crap.  Take it to a mechanic you trust and see if there's anything wrong with it.Because the computer in the car has received a reading from a senser that is out of its normal range.
It is an in line fuse that blows when shorted to keep from damageing the rest of the wiring. Most are more difficult to repair than just replacing a fuse.Most look just like the rest of the wiring, only smaller. If one is blown it is best to take the vehicle to dealer. They have to trace the wiring for the cause of the short. Just repairing the fusible link will not repair the problem.In the cars that have them, 12V distribution goes from the battery to the fuse panel under the dash.  A lot can happen between the battery and the other side of the firewall inside the vehicle.  The fusepanel can only protect circuits AFTER it, not the distribution TO the panel.  If you are in an accident, or the wiring is compromised somehow, the fusible link at the battery will blow out, preventing a fire.  . . In an old chevy I had, the coil positive wire grounded on the block.  When I opened the hood i saw an orange light along the whole length of the wire.  Thank God the battery terminal was loose because I could lift it off by hand.  Had there been a fusible link, I would have been safe.  Fire was a few seconds away..... . On some Japanese vehicles, they have a MAX style fuse right at the battery instead of a fusible link.it is the same as any other fuse; protect circuts in case of short. ist just a different type of fuse
Your local public library might have a Chilton's Manual for the 95 Saturn SL which will give you detailed instructions and photos.. . If they don't have the right Chilton's, check the link below:well you lube them up get a good grip and pull!!!!!!!!
They don't.  What you see are cargo containers attached to the boxcars. The containers are then lifted off the boxcars and put onto trailer chassis or frames.train cars/boxcars, are fastened to flatbed trailers, (fifthwheels) and then attach to the semi truck via a hitch.Boxcars don't connect to 18 wheelers. Trailers do by placing the king pin in the center of the base plate and locking it in. Boxcars are used to haul cargo on rail lines. A box car would also have to be converteed to a rubber wheeled transport.. . You may mean how do trailers connect to the tractor?
COuld be a vaccuum tube that needs replacing. That or perhaps your timing is off.Could be several things, but I'd suspect an idle air valve (or auxiliary air regulator - can't remember what VW calls it) that's not closing.  Pinch the hose to the air valve with pliers. If the idle drops to normal, that's your problem.
you take out the headlamp and right behind is the the attachment that holds the light bulb un do that and put you new one.  If that too much for you then take it to a mechanic. I learned how its easyEasy remove the two metal pims up and pull the light assembly out. Then twist the bulb socket out. Reverse procedure to install.
Back when gas was around 20 or 30 cents a gallon, price wars between competing gas stations were common. Some stations started pricing at say 23.9 cents per gallon, which, to the buyer, is psychologically lower than the 24 cents per gallon being charged across the street. The .1 cent difference does not significantly reduce the revenue to the station owner though. Now that prices are above $2.00, it doesn't really make sense anymore, but it is so firmly established that it's hard to go back.People have been conditioned to round off prices to an even amount and typically go to the lower price even at stores .You look at something priced at $2.39 and think $2.00 making it easier for them to make a [invisible] profit on any item sold . Say thanks to Sears for spending major bucks researching this in the thirtys and fourtys
Scientifically speaking, economics the the allocation or utilization of scarce goods or resources. More functionally speaking, economics is the exchange of goods and services typically through financial means. Economics is considered more of a social science since it studies how both individuals and groups respond under conditions of scarcity and/or surplus for both making and acquiring goods or resources.The science of allocating scarce resources.economics is what makes weather forecasters look good.
Get a generic in-dash framazoid. It should make the installation much easier.Crutchfield.com has all the info you would need for this and any future installation. They also have all the adapters, and at a cheap price.
Cars are primarily powered by internal combustion engines that convert chemical energy to mechanical energy and heat. Off the top of my head, there are three primary kinds of internal combustion engines: electric ingition gasoline, diesel, and rotary engines. There are significant difference in how each works, but the primary function is similar in the petroleum is  burned and the energy of combustion is captured by mechanical pistons, cams, etc. and transfered to the transmission.. . On trivia point: Cars convert only about 16% of the energy in the fuel burned is applied to turning the wheels.It's internal combustion!  It's the release of energy to produce momentumn!Internal combustion, the fireing of a substance to create combustion forcing the piston to travel down the cylinder. The piston is attached to a crank shaft which rotates as the piston travels. The crank is what transfers the energy of the piston out to the transmission or what ever. There are thousands of diffrent motors froms small single cylinder motors on model cars to monster moters that run cooling units, these motors have cylinders that are 5 feet across and seven feet deep.1, 2, 3 ,4, 6, 8 , 12 these are the most common number of pistons in a motor.check here http://auto.howstuffworks.com/engine.htm and keep clicking next to move on
I'd say either buy it on the North American Contenent, have a licensed Audi dealer get one for you, or rent a space on a cargo boat or plane. Your safest bet is the 2nd one. (Ignore my answer if you live somewhere other than North or South America.)check the emissions that would be the big issue...reason alot of forigen cars are not avaliable in the usa.
In commercial aviation, the first officer is the second pilot of an aircraft. They are subordinate to the Captain, though many airlines promote by seniority within their own company only, so the first officer may actually have more flying hours than the captain, for instance as a military pilot or with other airlines. Traditionally, they sit on the right hand side of a fixed wing aircraft, or the left of a helicopterSorry Nberry...exactly wrong.... . In commercial aviation, the first officer is the second pilot of an aircraft. They are subordinate to the Captain, though many airlines promote by seniority within their own company only, so the first officer may actually have more flying hours than the captain, for instance as a military pilot or with other airlines. Traditionally, they sit on the right hand side of a fixed wing aircraft, or the left of a helicopter.. . Also known as the co-pilot.first officer or FO for short, is second in command or "right seat"  Basically sharing flight duties and assisting captain whenever possible.  Especially makes it quicker when running through procedure checklists.1st officer is 2nd in command under the captain. Also known as the copilot.The highest ranking officer on duty.  Chief Pilot instead of co-pilot.
don't count on it.  if you really needed, get a chevy 3/4 ton truck or infiniti m45. or take one of those drive trains and adapt it to your car for, oh say, 50-75k$If you have a rear wheel drive car, you can mount the rear axle and transfer case upside down.  This will change the direction of the wheels' rotation from forwards to backwards when you step on the gas (with the transmission in Drive).  After that, it's a matter of getting  used to driving in reverse.
Business class is just a description the airlines invented to replace what it really is: 2nd class.  It's nicer than Coach (3rd class) because the Business class seats are wider and are located ahead of Coach.  If your flight is going to be very long, Business class may be worth the extra cost since it's more comfortable.A lot more comfy than crappy boxy coach seats.i HAVE NO CLUE....... THERE IS NO DIFFERENCEyou get better food in business class not the crap in a plastic bag in coach classabout 20 bucks a ticket.better food . more expensive(i think) . more quiter. better attention of flight attendents. nicer. more legroom
I'm sure you can, any thing is possible if you have the right tools. I'm no mechanic, although if my hubby was awake I could ask him. If it won't bolt up, you can always make or modify mounts if you know how to weld.They probably won't bolt up.. the bodystyle is differant so the frame and undercarriage is too.
They're not! There are dozens of locks with keys that have teeth on both sides. More than that, there are keys with teeth on all 4 sides of the key (even on the incredibly narrow upper and lower margins).They are not, but they are the most common example, I think it is probably done for the increased security, a car is an expensive posesion to leave on the street. I do know from experience that it is harder to pick a double sided lock, than it is to pick a single sided one.
If you have to ask how to change plugs, I'd suggest you take it to a dealer.  Or else buy a Chilton manual for your particular car.  It's a good $20 book that shows you how to do just about everything you want with your vehicle except fiddle with the ABS and airbags.  That stuff is for professionals.Take the old ones out one at a time. Gap and replace with new ones.
I have heard Saturns are inexpensive to insure but I wouldn't know since I have never owned a Saturn.. . Cars that are often stolen cost more to insure, and they include popular cars like the Camry, Corolla, Accord, and Civic. So if you are looking for a cheap car to insure, I would stay away from those and instead look at some more obscure options like a Saab 900, Hyundai Sonata, or Chrysler Sebring, all of which aren't stolen as often which will therefore lead to somewhat lower rates.Toyota Corolla. Cars with 4 doors are cheaper to insure than cars with 2 doors. Any car that can be considered a sporty car will be expensive to insure.
Build a highway for them.  Mosquitos are lazy and will not build a highway if a highway already exists.Pyrithrin is the only substance that keeps mosquitos away. It must be burned to work. It is the substance you put in bug foggers, but if you can't afford a fogger just pour some in a half of a pop or beer can and light it and let it smoke. The smoke or fog will settle on the ground and repel them for up to 3 weeks.do you have any pool or stagnant water ? Could be the reason.you can stop mosquitoes from building through your backyard by having a 4:o clock  habit!!by cleaning the surroundings, weed the grasses becoz they will make it as their home!
i would go to a junk yard and get some used ones www.car-parts.comyou dont..if the fabric part is ripped in any way the belts will loose their strength,if its's the latch depending on where you live go to a junk yard where you remove the parts yourself they have a great selection of older vehicles. there is one in pennsylvani but i dont know where your located.i dunno! good luck with that quiz :D
their emissions and tires are not legal for street use.  no brake lights, turn signals, horn, speedo, etc.A dirt bike has bigger wheels so they roll over ruts more easily, longer travel on a softer suspension, much lighter weight so the tires don't break free in a turn on dirt due to sheer momentum, and an engine set up more for low-RPM torque than high-RPM horsepower.  The gears are set up much shorter (can crawl a dirtbike around at 5mph, probably have to work the clutch on a sportbike) and closer because dirt speeds are lower than street speeds.  At lower speeds it is more nimble than a sportbike through a combination of lightness, center of gravity, and ease of working the throttle at those speeds.. . Compared to a street bike a dirt bike gives up load bearing (don't know of any two-up dirtbikes), six caliper front brakes (easy to lock up on dirt so the front end washes out), some kind of windscreen (weight), and top speed because of all of these.  The gears on a streetbike are set up a variety of ways, but most likely they're very usable passed 65 mph too.  At speed a sportbike tracks turns more easily than a dirtbike since stability is a primary goal.what is a regular motorcycle?  I think the only thing that is different is the choice of tires.  Dirt bikes (usually) have aggressive tread tires whereas street bikes (usually) have smoother street oriented tires.  Not too long ago there was no difference, you just unbolted all the stuff that might break like lights, mirrors, fenders... and install a set of knobbies.  Now manufacturers do all that work for you, they keep all the stuff and sell you the bike for more.  Oh, and they also don't offer the smart, highly tuned, small capacity motors in "street bikes" any more, giving us only inefficient, overweight, overpowered 4-cylinders instead.weight, suspension, power bandDirt bikes are lighter and sometimes faster.
It's best done by a professional, who use special solvents to dissolve the adhesive on the tint without damaging the glass or defroster lines.Many ways, one way on windo's that dont have a defroster wires on it, strait blade razor like at home depo flat tool that holds a razor at the end (strait edg type Industral )used for removing paint and what not from windo's, its a razor scraper if you will,. other way is a jell, like used for wall paper removal, its like a paint remover, but not as costic how ever must be for use on glass cause if its to costic, it will etch the glass, etch means you wont be able to see through the glass when your done
simple buy a kit for your year of car then test fit it to the body to insure it fits or needs any trimming. After that mark  your drill holes and attach, just make sure your clean the areas that the kit will be attached to first if your not comfortable doing it yourself any body shop will put it on for you for a small feeThis is a response to a 1 answer question over 30 days old.. I am attempting to give you USEFUL infomation to help you find the answer you seek.. I hope you will find what you are looking for.. . These are the best answer links I know.. Check them out and if you still need help feel free. to Email me for help, Supergwo@Yahoo.com.. . ----------All sites are FREE!-------------. http://www.autozone.com/ - diagrams,repair info,LOOK HERE. http://www.all-about-car-selection.com/i... - VERY GOOD. http://www.info.com/ - 14 search engines. http://www.wisegeek.com/ - any question. http://www.ask.com/?o=312#subject:ask|pg... - everything. http://autoparts.411web.com/ - everything automotive. http://www.howstuffworks.com/ - how stuff works. http://www.thefreedictionary.com/... - dictionary. http://www.2carpros.com/index.htm... - mechanics Q & A. http://www.streetracing.org/paris/dictio... - terms. http://www.crutchfieldadvisor.com/s-chql... - auto a/v. http://www.partstrain.com/?id=domecgrr... - hard to find parts. http://www.mapquest.com/directions/... - directions & distance. http://www.carcarecouncil.org/index.shtm... - basic car care. http://www.diynetwork.com/diy/autos_boat... - DIY resource. http://www.autospeak.com/index.htm... - for car enthusiasts. http://www.mendmy.com/answers.php?id=139... - fix anything. http://www.theautochannel.com/ - up to date auto news. http://www.motorera.com/ - old cars & definitions. http://www.autopedia.com/ - automotive dictionary. http://www.edmunds.com/ - automotive values . http://www.tractordata.com/ - info on all types of farm tractors. http://sd.craigslist.org/about/cities.ht... - community classifieds. http://www.nhtsa.dot.gov/ - Nat'l Hyway Traffic Safety Admin.. . Web search for forums in your field of interest, they are very helpful.. Federal, State, & Local governments have websites.. Go to my 360 site to read my blogs.
1 3 4 2The firing order for a 1989 acura integra is 4-2-1-3 on distributor cap. That is clockwise(cw) with 4 @ the 12:00 position. With 4 being last cylinder on the driver's side.
the dealer service center. cng can be very dangerous to work with. let the pro's do itA tune-up? Just like you would a gasoline powered vehicle, if it is computer-controled with electronic ignition that limits you to new spark plugs and pcv. Also check all vacuum hoses and electical connections. Use synthetic oil and change at 30,000 mile intervals (saves money/works better) once broken in.. . If you are refering to how to set the mixer screws you'll need a dyno and/or stand alone O2 sensor with read-out meter (they do sell these at high performance shops). . If you have electronic/computer controled mixer no adjustment is needed, however you should then test or replace the O2 sensor at recommended intervals for optimum fuel efficiency.
whatever you do, do not use heat.  it can give off some very toxic fumes.A power washer can do it if its old chrome
1/4 500 lbs. 1/2 1000 lbs. 3/4 1500 lbs.The weights are the carrying capacity of the truck, in the bed of the truck, not the towing capacity.  They are identified on the Ford by 150, 250 and 350.  On the Dodge and Chevy (GM) they are 1500, 2500 and 3500.
handyman spelled wrong!Bulk carrier between 30,001 and 50,000 DWT. Length 150-200 m (492-656 feet).
In terms of safety the color yellow is cautionary or advisorary (like a stop light). So seeing a double yellow line tells you to be aware that you may not pass another vehicle while a single intermittent line means you may.So you can see them in the dark when your headlights shine on themI would go into it further but,Jade Orchid said it best.. no need to further discuss it.good job jadewhy does it matterso when youre driving you can see easiercuz the first guy that made them had to take a piss and he decided to go in the orignally white paintdotted lines, means  you can go over them to pass someone only if it is safe.. . Double solid lines, means you can not pass over them whatsoever. . . one solid one dotted, you can pass over them when the dotted is on your side, and it is safe to do so.B/C THEY WANT THE ALIENS TO SEE THENBecause green and black don't match.They're white where I live.TO SHOW DIRECTION IN THE DARK.so u notice them easier
You can buy a car at ebay auction, which let you bit the price that you can afford. If you win the auction, you get the car with the price that you offered. You can always look at the seller's history at ebay, and feedback score that other buyers left for the seller. Even though you won the auction, you can refuse to buy if you think the car is not exactly what it described on ebay.You don't...it's a risky investment.That is how my friend sells cars and he has good ones on ebay.
You Don't...  . . Wearing MC is not not a game...It's life or death to alot of people.. . Please NO MORE STUPID QUESTIONSContact the organization you want the charter from. They have their own rules and procedures, but it's usually as easy as filling out a form and sending in a checkDepends on the type of "motorcycle club". If you're talking about an outlaw club the short answer is - YOU CAN'T!That realy depends on the type of club you want. If you are trying to start a club of your own, it's usually looked down on as direspectful by those of us in an established club. However, if you are serious, you can contact your local dominant club and/or the AMA, follow protocal, and always show respect. I would not recommend just sewing a patch on your back and sayinf "Eff you, I am a patch holder." Starting your own club is hard work. It would be easier to find a local club and hang around with them for a while to see what it's all about, then if you think it's right for you, prospect for that club. Who knows, it may be the best thing you've ever done. If you have other questions, ask me at sickentwisted@yahoo.com.. . Kid Twist. Wolf Pack MC
Because it has been proven that the sheer size of the school bus would protect its occupants, but this has been disproven in rollover accidents or accidents with comparably sized items. (a train, school bus, or building) . . In a collision with a regular car, the regular car would get smashed (even if it is a BMW, Mercedes, or Volvo) and the bus would stay relatively unscathed unless the bus caught fire.A way to deal with overpopulationWith some of the questions you see on Yahoo Answers I doubt if many would know how to use them.Because it was determined that kids would find it too difficult to get unstrapped in the event of an accident.
Those are to trick the poor cows on the track into thinking that the locomotive is planning to surrender.. . Seriously, though: I looked this up & I think it means that it's an extra train that wasn't on the schedule. I've posted the website below.Yes, that is essentially correct.  If a train was operating on railroad line that was unscheduled (i.e., either for a special reason [such as an added passenger or freight train to accommodate demand] or the train is not normally supposed to be running there) they were denoted by white flags positioned along the front of the locomotive.  These flags were used also during the early days of diesels, and even today can occasionally be seen in use (usually for some special purpose, like a photo shoot or tourist operation).
Supply and demand. There is less diesel available than unleaded. This situation is worst in the winter because the same fraction of crude oil that is used to obtain kerosene is aso used to make heating oil for homes and fuel for jet airplanes. Our military is using jet fuel like there was no tomorrow.The professor is right about supply and demand - that Diesel often costs more in the winter because it is refined from the same portion of oil as Heating Oil. . . However, the blame for increased use of jet fuel should probably sit on the shoulders of our recovering air travel industry. With the fight in Iraq being on the streets (not many suicide bombers flying fighter jets), the consumption of fuel by the military is sitting at rather typical levels.. . Sorry professor.To add to those first responses, I must say that, for the very same reasons (demand and offer), the situation is quite different here in Europe. Diesel is way cheaper than gasoline. A consequence of the fact that most newly bought cars nowadays are diesels.Harder to manufacture, compared to the clean burning regulations for regular gas.  Also the fact Diesel is not used as much so the amounts they manufacture are much lower than regular gas.  Supply and demand.
get it fixed immeditally. or go 2 part store and get a bottle of lucas it'll help a little bit but not muchUse high octane fuel and go get a mechanic to check it.. . Get a few opinions from different mechanics at different. . shops.. . It could be serious.if you are hearing nocks  and pings you need to take it in and have a tune up done. there might be a bend push rod or bad valve. don't let it go too long. the longer  you do the more money it will cost.try buying higher octane gas
My dream car is mini cooper s  red exterior and beige real leather interior plus a nice dvd and cd ahhhhh i almost can hear barbra strisand .by the way hard top chrome wheels all this so i can take my wife to a nice dinner and let her drive all night lol.My dream classic car would be a 69' Corvette L88.  My dream new car is a 06' Corvette Z06.  Both cars are the pinicle of domestic performance with the Z06 being the fastest, most powerful car GM has ever produced.. . (do you see a pattern developing here?)Hummer H1 Alpha,. . Because it is a little monster.
Take tire off, caliper off, rotor off, brake pad sensor, and there should be 3 bolts that are in shape of triangle.  Loosen those nuts, and beat the crap out of the wheel bearing untill it falls off.get a puller from autozone. they'll loan it to you.
It is not that french is bad. It is that the Citroen is a French car and you need to pay for the shipping fee for cross the ocean when you buy it. The shipping fee is on the German and japanese cars.Because it's made in France.. Americans hate France and wouldn't buy a car from there.. Korea, Japan and sometimes even Yugoslavia but, not France... --------------------. Citro?n is a French automobile manufacturer, started in 1919 by Andr? Citro?n, today part of PSA Peugeot Citro?n. Its headquarters are located in Paris, rue Fructidor.. . Originally a mass-market car maker with relatively straightforward designs, Citro?n shocked the world in 1934 with the innovative Traction Avant (front wheel drive) (1934-1956). Until the late 1980s the company had a reputation for approaching auto design in a unique way. Later significant models include the H Van (1947-1981, "HY"), 2CV (1948-1990, The "Ugly Duckling"), DS (1955-1975, "Goddess") and CX (1974-1989).Ther's no market for french cars here, take the Renault, they where her for 5 years and well none got sold. Americans like tAmericn cars or Japaneses cars.beacuse french cars quit on you...and no one would one those pieces of crap
Hi,. . Please go through the articles on HowStuffWorks:. . "How Steam Engines Work" > http://science.howstuffworks.com/steam.htm. . "How Maglev Trains Work" > http://science.howstuffworks.com/maglev-train.htm. . "How Diesel Locomotives Work" > http://travel.howstuffworks.com/diesel-locomotive.htm. . I hope this helps.. . >>> Naveen KumarThe simple answer is that a powered car(s), known as a diesel-electric/electric/steam locomotive, pulls a set number of various railroad cars from point A to point B via fixed steel rails.  Altogether these consists are known as "trains," which are typically put together in a railroad yard before being sent to their ultimate destination.
mention it to the dealer when you get your next tune up or oil change and they will sometimes fix it professionally for free. besides, they know the car bestGo to the dealer. . if you still have a warranty, it will cost nothing but a visitObviously you have to pin point where the rattle is coming from, and adjust, repair or replce the part that caused the noinse.  Rattles are very hard to find, and can be frustrating to correct- good luckI don't know much about cars but I just moved to Mississippi and Duck Tape seems to be the solution to everything around here.  I've even seen it sold in stores in the colors of red, yellow and black...in addition to the good ol' standard dull gray!!!!!!!
At a 12 volt tap, connect the positive wire to positive, ground the negitive wire. Using heavy gauge wire (#12) with an in-line fuse rated at 10 amps inserted in the positive line. If you are running it for a long distance, you should go to a #10 wire.I would say very carefully. . .What are you wiring it to?
Have a friend sit inside, hold it open, and drive past a pole at around 40 m.p.h.. This actually has been tried out. It works.. If you want to remove it to use it again....My local Honda dealer copied a page out of their service manual for me when I had to do that a few yrs back. You might try asking them nicely. Also, if you are putting in new speakers, if you buy them form Crutchfield.com, they'll send you the sheet on how to remove the door panel for free.there are fastener clips that just pull out with the proper amount of pull. as far as the window crank you can use two butter knives one at top one at bottom of crank and push the retaining clip out and your panel should come loose.
What type of fuel are you using in the q45? Only 91 octane is recommended for this particular vehicle. Anything less may result in engine knock.Your either low on oil or your oil pump is weak.. . If you're low on oil get it checked out quickly. Low oil could cause your engine to seize up. Some possible causes for low oil could be a leak or your motor might even be burning it up. Get it checked.. . If your oil is good then your oil pump might just be weak. If you don't want to spend a bazillion dollars to fix it then at your next oil change use 20W-50 weight motor oil and a Lucas additive, or such other kind of additive that stops oil consumption. Basically it's just a really thick oil so it won't run through your rings as fast and for bad oil pumps it helps increase pressure.Is it only in cool whether after the car has set for a while? if so, make sure you are using correct oil like 5W-30.  And don't wory about it.  If it does in on a hot engine, get it checked out.may be you are using the wrong oil, or the engine is got damage to one of the pistons
You are supposed to "slip it" in between the glass and the rubber seal of the car window. This won't work on all the vehicles though. You've got to take into consideration how the door is unlocked normaly to see if this method will work.Um......  You Eat them.Yeah, what dude lebowski said. slide the slimjim between the window and the door. feel around for the "arm" that connects to the doorlock knob and pull up. But, caution, a slimjim wont work on most new cars, expensive cars, or cars with power windows. If all else fails, call a locksmith, or use a rock to smash the window out. LOLslide between door and window, fish until you feel mechanism, pull up.
To answer your question, How can you fix your rim. Start with a stripper disc, It looks like a scotchbrite pad mounted to a drill bit. With your drill knock it down with black pad then buff it make up with a green pad... Switch over to rubbng compound and then back to polish or wax..... Job done and using power tools it will get done much sooner..You can try buffing it out, but if you really kissed a curb, it's probably scratched too deep to save.  Buy a new wheel and put this one up as a spare.  Here's a good excuse to go for those 'dubs!Get it buffed, polished and shined up and see if that works or if it's bad buy a new one.  Oh ya and watch those curbs next time.  Talk to a rim specialist for details.
Get the book for your truck. It tells you how to change everything for the changing of the fluids to taking your transmission apart and putting it back together again. Get it. Or you can go all out and get the $65 manual which tells you spet by step how to take your whole car apart to what sixe wrench you will need to do this job.i really dont know but my mama does
You can actually buff light scratches out. Nobody wants to do it though.it is not common to have factory tint on the rear window and it would be hard to scratch.  It is probably aftermarket, and can be replaced for $50 at a tinting shop.  Otherwise a new rear glass will cost about $300
Insert the key into the exterior door lock (most found next to or just under the handle). This works pretty well for me. Once done, a simple turn of the key should open the door.  I know it's "old school", but when hi-tech fails-old school is the best school.Well, my Prius does not have a metal "key" like regular cars, so I would imagine I'd be in the same bummer you are in if my key battery does die. I'd ask Toyota or in your case, who ever made your car. Good luck!My friend had this problem.  She opened the trunk with the real key and operated a secret lever to open the door. I wonder if your model has the same secret lever.  Ask a dealer or see the owner's manual.  They know this is a possibiltiy, so I am sure they built in a manual way of entering the car.you have few options you can get the door open without breaking it.  1st is you get a lock smith, they usually charge no more then $60 or call aaa towing service. if you are not a memeber of them.  they charge $35.  they have guys that can open it.  another way is if you can get power to the battery and jump it.  that way you can have the power to operate the electrical system. good luckHey listen to Mr Wizard, LOL!!! Use your key manually, LMAO!!!
All organization are required to maintain their staff list and duty roster. So it is there. . . These information is normally confidential, to ward of unwanted people gaining too much of personal information. So you need to convince the personal department of EgyptAir to get this information.Yes there is.. You can call 00202 2903509. or. 00202 4183680
I live across the street from train tracks and can tell you within a half hour everyday when the train will be through.. It's not like it can sneak through without me hearing it. . Maybe if you find a business next to the tracks they can tell you the scheduleI am not sure, but my best segestion is to call ur operater.  Ask them to conect u to a railway station?  I hope that helped.
Usually a hairdryer (to heat the emblems and soften the adhesive) and some dental floss will remove the emblems.  Then use a mild solvent like citra-solv (will not damage paint) or goof-off (ditto) to remove the residue.. . Please don't pour boiling water on your car, and don't use a heat gun, use a hair dryer.Boil Some water and then pour it on and see what happens. Keep pouring it on until it comes off. I am 75% sure that this will work. Give it a try.
They have the same blocks since 1994, the only difference is the emmission systems. The 8th digit of the vin will tell you which engine you have. Federal emmissions where vin F, California vin S.as the wife of a mechanic it should be 6500
There are a number of ways of doing this.  Try instaling a K&N air filter.  This will increase your air flow giving increased horse power.  Add some Marvil Mystery Oil to your fuel this will help keep injecters clean...Therefore maintaining horse power and reduceing smoke.When tuning diesel engines, fitting a tuned intake system, unit injector and turbo makes the trick (with reprogammed ECU). . DON'T change the restriction of the exhaust: an exhaust with less resistance improves power in high RPM and takes away a lot at low RPM, but stock diesel engines tops at 6000 RPM !!! There's no higher RPM region to aim for with the bigger exhaust !!!Let it breathe better like above answer. I would lessen any exhaust restrictions as well. Ya see I have a 94 GMC DIEsel and I love itCheck with Banks Resurech, Thay have computers to change the  functions of your engine
First you will need working capital (read lots and lots of cash).  Contact the respective manufactures and see what areas they have available and look for the start up costs.   Sometimes dealers are selling out in areas and the factories will sell those dealers.  But remember there are a lot of costs associated with any business start up as well as education and training.This is the hardest of businesses I've noticed to start.  Select a location first and call factories and companies you will be dealing with and find out what they expect from you .  Be careful because some will not let you sell their bikes within a certain distance from another dealer. You have to prove it to them that you can sell they product. Where are you , what city are you in, Go to business regulatory commision and find out what they need from you, county? What type of liscenses do you need.  Land permits , building permits,  there are so many things to consider go into it with eyes wide opened.  Good Luck, and when you open let us know, I'm always looking for a new bike. also make sure you have techs that really know what they are doing, quality and experience brings in the crowds.
It depends on your insurance company and the type of policy you have. double check what you have for policy.. . but usually, if it's a newer car, the insurance co should have your car pretty much new again.. . if it's an older car, you may not be so lucky...You make them fix it to your satisfaction.  Of course they will try to take the cheapest road possible.
The front grille styling was the most common complaint.. Looked like a horse collar when it was first introduced.. Later design changes were not enough to salvage the bad image. people had associated with it.Its design was uninspiring. The grill looked like an old ox collar. The name was not flashy enough for the times.
Face your fears.  You'll never get over them until tackle them head on.convince yourself that we have all got to go sometime.....just imagine when boarding a plane your going to the best place and when seated get the magazines and read, at movie time imagine you are at your favorite theaterCarefullySally, flight fright, it's pretty simple, just remember that you are going to die one day, if it happens today, it happens. The main thing is people believe if they are in an airplane, you have no way of getting yourself out of the situation. The fact is if you are in a car, you probably have just as much chance, as people in planes also survive accidents. You have more chance of dying in a car than on an airplane, you should get yourself not to think about it, put your mind on other stuff, book planes that you know are going to have entertainment on them such as movies. You may also want to try mentally preparing before you get on the plane, but the best is to do your best not to think about it, remember it may take a couple times of flying before totally get your mind of what u are doing.http://www.feartakesflight.com/brochure.html. . This is a great resource to help you get started!I'm not sure how good this site is but I saw it earlier when I was looking for flight information.. . http://www.fearofflyinghelp.com/dont get on one take a car or trainthere are special pills fot this sort of a fobia...they usualy make you sleep anf forget about the shaking and gliding of it allIf it is really necessary to go by the flight and if you know it in advance why dont you make the reservation month before to get better rate on the flight fright. Else wait untill 61years and you will get senior citizen discount. If you are not convinced still then forget the flight and go by the bus or train or car. It will be cheaper at all and will take much more time then the journey by Air.
Go heve it checked...It is probably the O2 sensor.  Doesn't cost much, but it needs to be changed.That something neeeds to be checked, DUH!
you prbably need pins and bushing for the doors. I you grab the door and lift up and you feel some slack. Change the pins and bushing.go to a garage and get a professional to do it
pull the head. very similar on ford and dodge and nissan and toyota etcTom, buy a Chilton manual for your pickup.  It's $20 well spent.Do you know anything about mechanics? Because if you don't, pay someone to do it.
You can't for a reasonable price.  Maybe check your tranny fluid.sell it and buy a new car that doesn't vibrate at 1200 rpm
It's not as atrocious as you might expect.  I found a Cars.com review that cites 13 mpg, which for a diesel is terrible, but it has a 51.2 gallon fuel tank, so you can travel a good 600 miles between fuel stops.  Of course, it will cost you $150.00 every time.Actually, you won't be able to drive most H1's 20 feet using gasoline.  Most of the H1's have the 6.6L diesel and you can expect about 12  miles per gallon depending on several factors: your driving style, driving situation (city traffic or highway) tire pressure, ambient temprature, condition of the engine oil and air filter and payload.. . Hope this is exact enough and helps answer your question.. . Good luck!I guess it is something we measure in gallons per mile... seriously you get like 10 miles to a gallon in gentle driving and no comfort whatsoever...crappy
the whole point of a rx7 is it's engine.  maybe you should get another car to do this.There's people who have shoehorned an LS1 in on the following site.  Look there for help.. . . As a rotary lover i officially do not condone this, but it can be done.  If this is for an FD can i get your REW?This is a really bad idea.. . If you really want to, the best bet is to replace the entire drivetrain.  Engine, transmisison, all of it.  You'll have to fabricate a new driveshaft of the correct length, and figure out a way to wedge that giant hunk of metal into the RX-7's engine bay.. . If you want more power, buy a new car.  Or make some minor engine mapping changes to the one you have.  As a rule, the more you modify your car, the more awful it will be.You can try next life time buddy.Rx7's have rotary engines.  So, i dont think they have cylinders.  A v8 has 8 cylinders.  So, i think you would have to modify a lot on your car to do it.hi...to a v 8? Y not a rx8 lol......  I would think that may upset the mazda godsIf you like the body style of the rx7 . why not convert it to a beefier chasis like, you would with a street rod?I have a rx7 ,that I hot rodded,now its setting in the back yard with the rear end wore out. the problem wasnt the horse power factor it was the drive train.mainly the rear end as ifound out by looking in junk yards for a new one.try beeefing it up by installing a after market turbo unit one was sold on ebay for $1500.mazda doesnt make a  factory turbo for the 7. but keep an eye out on for one that may be fabricated.
you can get a tar and gun remover from the auto part store and look for a plastic razor blade too. takes a lot of time if it has been on for years but be vary careful with plastic blade it can make marks in paint too. use lots of solution to soften and blade to start and more solution as you go. if it doent lift let set a few minutes and always read instructions on solution so you have no damage to paint... and may be a good idea to test small part to see if it will come off easy.If you are quick and careful, you can use lacquer thinner or kerosene.  I use lacquer thinner to get tar and any rub marks off of cars often. Of course, if you sit there and scrub away with the thinner, you could take off clear and paint.  Kerosene also works the same way.  I used to wipe cars down w/ kerosene and it makes them slick as new.
Bills and Cards mostly. Invitations where warrented. Christmas is a big mailing time for my family.Things with stamps on them...
Marketing, advertising, networking.! Most Insurance companies have these programs. Offer referrel rewards from existing customers.Get a bigger listing in the yellow pages, such as boldface type.  When I move to a new town, that is where I look for an agent.  Compile a list of reliable repair shops and offer it in your listing as a free maintenance and repair referral service for new residents.. . Also mention affordable no-frills liability insurance available.  Then use your salemanship to point out the advantages of a more comprehensive plan.. . And third, mention "Save money with family consolidation plans."  This just highlights the multi-line discounts you are already able to offer.. . Your best source of new business are in the three categories above.  The fourth category of getting people to switch insurance for a lower rate or better coverage is pretty tough now that online insurers like Geico spend so much on advertising.Lower rates and give points to those who pay on time faithfully.
You don't braid them on ..You lace them on like shoes..... But to answer your question Braiding is outside to middle over the top, left, right, repeat.3 strands of leather - A B C. A over B. C over A. B over C. A over B
A LEASED VEHICLE IS NOT YOURS TO TRADE. JUST WAIT TILL YOU PAY OFF THE LEASE THAN YOU HAVE TO START ALL OVER AND GO BUY A VEHICLE. DONT EVER LEASE AGAIN.I think that you should read the terms of the lease. You don't own a leased car.You're stuck my bi friend. Leasing is for people that plan on using the car for the lease term, and keeping damn good care of it. The beauty is that you can get a brand new car every three or four years, and a much more reasonable rate for a nice car than buying.You can use www.vehix.com to find the trade in values, also, consult your local dealership about trade in values.
well if it's any thing like my 88 s-10..  I set the clock in that by turning the radio off and then you could adjust the clock with the radio seek buttons..  but only with the radio off.idk? i surf call a car dude
Make a paper airplane.. If it flies real far, then you'll make it. If not, you should just give up..Join the military only if you want to serve your country, not as a "free" way to get a pilot career in the airlines. (In all reality it's not "free" anyway. They own you.) The armed forces have fewer pilot openings than in years past and getting selected for a slot is more competitive than ever! They are making efforts to retain their pilots a well so it is harder to go that route. Because of that, 65% of airline pilots hired are now from a civilian background. . . An aspiring civilian pilot can do their flight training and earn their licenses & ratings via these routes:. . A university aviation program . An aviation academy program . A local flight school or flying club . . Any of these routes will get you to a pilot career in the airlines or corporate flying. . . Find out about university aviation programs here-. http://uaa.auburn.edu. . Aviation academy programs-. http://flighttraining.aopa.org/cfi_tools/publications/inst_reports2.cfm?article=132. http://www.flightcareers.com. http://www.deltaconnectionacademy.com. . My flight training and pilot career website addresses How To Become A Pilot, and local airport flight training, especially for those on the career track. . Visit: http://www.geocities.com/av8trxx99/FAQ.html. . Visit these sites for good info-. http://www.flightinfo.com. http://www.jetcareers.comJoin the airforce if you're serious. The best pilots in the world start from there.I went to my local airport and asked for an intro ride (discounted).  They set me up with books, an instructor (I interviewed several and found one I got on well with) and schedule.  After that it's study, study, study (fly some), study more, take the test, fly more...The airforce is the cheapest way to get all your fight training.  If you want to do it the expensive way...find a local airport and inquire about lessons.several schools offer some level of training.  Georgia even has a technical school HEART OF GEORGIA just out of Eastman, Georgia that has a 2 year program for multi engine prop commercial.You have to go Air Force! the air force will pay you to learn how to fly   and you don't pay them a sent  and in the end, ANY and i mean any airline will accept you   and you also get the thrill of f-18's and other fast jets.                           EricP..                   http://epetersonphotography.zoomshare.com
1. get a bunch of spare parts. 2. sell themI've been in the spare parts business for over 25 years. You can start with a relatively small inventory if you do it right. Marketing and networking are 2 important keys to sucess. If you don't have it,you can't sell it. Hook up with some major established salvage yards and negotiate a good discount. Maybe subcribe to one of the locating services. That way when someone needs a part, you are the only call they need to make because you'll always be able to find the part you need. send out fliers to repair shops announcing your business. National Motorcycle Services publishes the best directory for m/c salvage yards. Make sure you're listed with them.Maybe pick up one of their books to help you Network.
put the container you are siphoning into lower than the opening of the tank.shove a hose into the tank and into the diesel fuel.suck on the open end till you get a little in your mouth. and put your end of the hose into the container immediatly.spit out what you got in your mouth.the fuel will run into the container.we dont call them gas tanks in the UK and i think that go's for the reat of the world too :-)
Adjust your amp gain/level. Play some music with lots of bass (don't turn on the mids) , then turn up your amp gain until you hear the sub starting to distort, then turn down a little. After that you can turn on the mids, turn the mid's amp gain up until it balanced the level with the subs.turn down the gain/level on the amp
I would assume it is like every other car I have done this on although I have not done it on a Golf. All you have to do is open the trunk, peel back the carpet or plastic or whatever covers the area where you should see the back of the tail light, and unbolt the old tail light (It should be held in with either bolts or plastic wing nuts). Figure out how to release the lights from the tail light and then put them in the new one bolt it in put the trunk back in order and you are good to go.To heck with expensive repairs.Here in the south,red tape thin enough for light to shine thru,.That will be fine.send it to a repair shop.Remove the rear trim. Unbolt the taillamp and rebolt the new one in.
Too heavy oil or weak battery.It could be a weak battery, or even to heavy of an oil in your crankcase. The battery should have a High Rate of Cranking Power, if it is to low, the starter drags & burns out prematurely. Try a 10w30 oil or add some STP oil treatment to your oil, it'll coat the insides of your engine. That also helps reduce the friction on Start-Up.if your starters came from a autoparts store try one from a dealer. they are a lot more reliableCheck your battery cables and connections for corrosion(white powder) clean and/or replace as necessary.too much resistant....  a weak battery.. have your battery check out.. or better yet.. get a battery with higher cranking amps...
Allow fire alarms to be tied into the Broadband network the phone company is building.  Have the phone company dedicate a small portion of bandwidth to local firehouses for a monitoring system.  Essentially the house notifies the fire department when an event occurs and of its severity.The first response sounds good from a networking perspective and makes sense. I guess I'm not sure which end of the dispatch you are trying to make quicker. Add details please.
A 2 wheeled computer/gyro controlled scooter that was supposed to take the place of walking.  Everyone was going to trade in their cars for one.  . The fact that you're asking this question indicates its measure of success.Hi hristo_milena,. Thanks to Segway LLC's Segway Human Transporter (HT), being a highly advanced bipedal primate just got a lot easier! Similar in appearance to an old-fashioned lawnmower, the battery-powered HT is anything but old-fashioned. Using computer processors that mimic human equilibrium, the HT moves forward when the standing rider leans forward; a backward lean sends the HT in reverse. The HT has a range of 17 miles and a top speed of 12 miles per hour. It is designed for congested urban areas and various commercial uses. Good Luck: BlueladybugIt's a one person, two wheeled scooter thing that relies in advanced technology and some batteries to scoot people around. . . I remember reading a few years back that prices started at around $2000 but they may have gone down.is a two wheller. you stand between the wheels. the device is self balanced automatically.Segway is a means of transportation. It would take you less time to search Yahoo! than to type in your question in here. For crying out loud!
what ilovemyteasersaid!!Buy a Chilton's Repair Manual or Haynes Manual. They are about $20 and trust me, you will use it again in the future!The water pump is behind the serpintine belt , it is all timed in together its all timed with the motor, so u will need the repair manual as to have correct timing marks ,depending on engine size , it is either three or four bolts holding in the water pump usually 12 mm socket does the job , it is best to refer to the repair manual , not a hard job only takes about 2 1/2 hrs .
Sanding towers do indeed store sand for locomotives, which use them not so much for ice but to get traction on the rails in general, usually when either attempting to take off with a loaded train or climbing a heavy grade.  If you have ever noticed sand piles along each side of railroad tracks this is why, the locomotive is attempting to gain traction (and wheel slip can also damage the traction motors).These contain sand for refilling holds on locomotives.  The sand is dispensed onto the tracks so that the wheels can make better contact in icy conditions.
Airplanes are all aircraft that fly (in a nut shell).. . The powerplant that the airplane uses classifies it as a jet engine (think 747), recipicating engine (think small, private aircraft, Cessna 152), or Turbo Prop (think Beech 1900D)"Jet" describes a type of engine mounted on an airplane. Also known as a turbine engine.Some think of the difference as a jet being military.
most stereo install places, like circuit city, best buy brandmart, and even somewalmart have a direct factory plug that connects to an aftermarket radio ty bypass the amp. or hook anyther amp.Cut the wires into & out of the amp & install what ever you want.
people don't look at the future they look at the now so they buy a car that maybe cheaper but in the long run there could be economic hard ships b/c of it. I feel do you want to save a little bit of money or a job that could be linked to your jobI think its because they look a lot nicer...... and I think it is the whole position of money... forgein cars = higher status.I'm a car critic for One of Denvers larger Newspapers.  Drive a ford or a chevy or a GMC, and then go drive an Audi or a BMW or a Volkswagon.  The ride is so much nicer, the power is optomized, the interior is perfect, and it just plain comfortable.  The germans have car building down to a precicse science, while the americans have a long way to come before they can reach a smiliar quality.  Go on a few test drives, you'll see what I'm talking about.
look up kelley blue book, or NADA.. . Beware....Neons are cheap!Go online and do a search for Kelly Blue book or Kelly Yellow Book.. It will give you the information that you are looking for.NADA.COMA few good sites to check out would be www.edmunds.com, or www.kbb.com.  Keep in mind that the insurance company will be on the low side, but the "TMV" price on Edmunds will give you a general idea based on equipment and zipcode
Don't use ebay, their fees can be quite high. Try putting a sign in the window, if your town allows that (the city I live in actually prohibits that!), use www.craigslist.org, or try placing an ad in a local car sales magazine that you can usually find at gas stations. Also, if none of those work and you're running out of time, many car dealerships will buy a car directly from you, even if you're not buying one from them, especially if it's in very good condition.autotrader.com  $49.00 and add runs until it sells for one low price...www.recycler.com  check to see if they service your area.. . It's free to advertise, and MILLIONS of people see the ads on line and in the paper they sell at convenience stores.. . It's the ONLY way I sell ANYTHING. not only cars. . . Once you establish your price at KBB.com or Edmunds.com be firm and make the buyer pay your price. If one or two weeks pass with no phone calls, lower the price.The best way is in local newspapers and want ads.  That is where people mostly look.. . Also, putting a "for sale" sign in the window of the car while you drive around is supposed to be effective.  Make sure you put a phone number on the sign.the best way to sell a car would be on ebay.com
Contact local ABATE, CBA, or Hog groups. They will help you.That will do it. Talk to the HD dealers especially. They may even want to host it, it's good PR.Talk to your local dealer. They do this sort of thing all the time (though perhaps more for charitites like Red Cross, Toys for Tots, etc)contact local abate groups.
try: stores.ebay.com/Car-and-Truck-Owners-.      www.themotorbookstore.com/nissan-manuals.htmlWell depends on what type of manual your looking for. If your looking for an owners manual ebay would be a good start. if you looking for a repair manual you can get haynes manuals at your local autoparts store, or visit your local nissan dealer and they can usually get you a dealer service manual but they will cost you.
These are the best answer links I know.. Check them out and if you still need help feel free. to Email me for help.. . http://www.ask.com/?o=312#subject:ask|pg:1 - everything. http://www.info.com/ -  14 search engines. http://www.wisegeek.com/ -  any question. http://www.autozone.com/ -   diagrams,repair info,LOOK HERE. http://autoparts.411web.com/ - everything automotive. http://www.howstuffworks.com/ - how stuff works. http://www.thefreedictionary.com/ - dictionary. http://www.2carpros.com/index.htm - mechanics Q & A. http://www.streetracing.org/paris/dictionary/index.htm - terms. http://www.crutchfieldadvisor.com/S-CHQL8v6H71J/ -  automotive audio/video etc.. http://www.partstrain.com/?id=doMecGRr - hard to find parts. http://www.mapquest.com/directions/ - directions & distance. http://www.carcarecouncil.org/index.shtml - basic car care. http://www.diynetwork.com/diy/autos_boats - DIY resource. http://www.autospeak.com/index.htm - for car enthusiasts. http://www.mendmy.com/answers.php?id=13909 - fix anything. http://www.theautochannel.com/ - up to date auto news. http://www.motorera.com/ - old cars & definitions. http://www.autopedia.com/ - automotive dictionary. http://www.edmunds.com/ - automotive values                       . . Web search for Forums for your car, they are very helpful.. Fereral, State, & Local governments have websites.they should be the same size just differant color !  . If not there should be a cross referance chart ,at your local dealer or parts store.
Where the engine bolts to the frame.Engine mounts are the connections from the engine to the frame.  On passenger cars these mounts have rubber molded in the mount to reduce vibrations from engine to be transferred into the frame. These mounts can wear out and cause vibration and/or excessive engine movement on acceleration.it's what a sick and twisted person does for kicks. i think it should be illegal
could be a blown head gasketNot a serious problem.  You are probably running a little rich and need to have your fuel injectors calibrated.  Blue smoke is usually not bad, it's the white or black smoke you really need to worry about.oil to gas ratio is to richDark smoke means it's burning oil. White smoke would mean a gas problem.If you find a fuel injector on that vehicle, keep it because it would be the only one in existance. Fuel injection did not appear on Chryslers for another 11 years. There are only three colors of smoke that can come from an exhaust pipe, . White, (excluding normal condensation) = antifreeze. Black = too much fuel. Blue = Oil  (the lifeblood of the engine)
I would certainly check the cable and linkage first, but it sounds like you've eliminated that.  The only other possibility I can think of is some of the linkage inside the transmission.  This would involve serious disassembly and, in a transmission of that age, you would probably be best off getting a complete rebuild.The shifter cable is broken. >The shift cable is broken, or has come loose at the transmission. There could be internal transmission trouble, but the cable is probably the culprit. Trace the shifter cable to where it mounts on the tranny and see if it is off.It appers that your shifter linkage has broken.Someone has got to crawl under your car and put in park manually. ONLY WITH MOTOR TURNED OFF WHEELS BLOCKED EMERGENCY BRAKE ON. have someone replace cable or linkage. sometimes it will just be unhooked,(the linkage). good luckthe shift select cable may be broken.  this will alow the shifter to move but will not actually change the gears in the trans.
Ok, there are 3 types of Six Speeds Transmissions, . 1)Take a basic 3 Speeds  or develop Trans and electronically overdrive all 3 Gear Range and you get a 6 Speeds Trans (1st, OD 1st, 2nd, OD 2nd, 3rd, OD 3rd) then control Output Ratio with the Final Drive(Rear End) This is being done through the ECU that controls the Solenoids in the Valve Body to applied and/or released combinations of clutches in the unit, Domestic Car Companies use this method, the same method that currently use for 4 and 5 Speeds Trans (Ford 5R55E, Chrysler 45RFE). 2)Take a basic 3 Speeds  or develop Trans and add Planetary Systems on the Output section and Overdrive it to get 5 or 6 Speed then control Output Ratio with the size of the Planetary pinion and ring gear teeth and/or Final Drive(Rear End), Import Car Companies use this method, the same method that currently use for 4 and 5 (Nissan RE5RO1A). 3)Develop a 3 Planetaries system Trans and 6 Clutch Drums and bring these Clutches  on at appropriate Vehicle load and speed will get you 6 Speeds then control Output Ratio with the size of the Planetary pinion and ring gear teeth and/or Final Drive(Rear End) (Toyota )This website is pretty thorough www.howstuffworks.com  Click on the source below for a direct link to the automatic transmission page.
I'm assuming if you are asking, then it must be pretty difficult to get to them.  I would suggest taking it to a local stereo store and see if you can just ask a tech there??just pull them out
well u have to get insurance before you register it in your nameYOu can either have the person whos name is on the car to add you to his/her insurance or you can get insurance to cover your drivers license, meaning it will cover you no matter what car you are driving. Call insurance companies around you and ask if they do that. Most do.. . Hope this helps.If your state allows it.  Get Insurance on your Drivers' License.  That should allow you to be insured no matter what vehicle you drive.This is a easy one man all that you have to do is go to statefarm and tell them that you need to get non owner insurance it is fearly cheep and easy to get you will be able to drive anyones car BUT you wont hav full coverage insurance it is just liability sarry but that is thre down fall
Because people are to lazy in the 20th centuryBefore the invention, perfection, and widespread use of the  automobile and good roads, travel speed rarly exceeded 19 mph; the speed of a running horse (which would be limited in range, fairly uncomfortable, and high-maintenance).  The only way to travel faster than that in the 19th century was by trains which traveled about 45 mph on average.
good luck with that...there may be a buyers remorse law...thats good for about 3 days...other than that  the dealership needs to be in violation and thats not likely to happen.if you didnt put any money down then tell the dealer to kiss your butt, they will not take you to court.you cannot, if eveything was done properly and you sign the papers its yours, sorry!how long have you had this car.  read the fine lines of the contract.  see attoneryIn NM the buyers remorse does not apply to car dealers...Unless you can prove that the dealer misrepresented some fault in the car I would say you are stuck....
that is a throw away car. there is no starter to change.  you need to throw it in the trash and go to the store and get a new one.what do u mean do u not know where it is or not know how to take it off
pay your car note offHide it. Park it at your friends house.  Keep it in a garage.  Or just pay your note.Pay for it. I have a friend who is a repo man here in MA. You don't wanna mess with him or his kind. Just pay your car loan. Easy. Simple. Bloodless. ;-)You can sue your lender for damages in civil court if you feel the reposession was done improperly/illegally (i.e. your payments were current, they broke into your house to take the car, breach of contract, etc.).  If you were behind on your payments, however, you probably won't have much success.
because the point of scions is not to keep them how they are.  they are meant to be souped up. scion is the only manufacturer to export the specs of the car (dimensions etc.) to aftermarket companies in the hopes of developing it as a "tuner" carThey're target buyer is a younger driver that would likely lower a car, anyway.. . Oops... thanks to my reading glasses, I now see that the word is "slow" and NOT "low".. . It's hell growing old...Could it be because they are not a Corvette?   DUHThe xA and xB have only a 1.5L I4 and only generate 103-108HP, which for a small car like those, it's enough to get around but not what you need for speed. The cars were designed with fuel economy in mind.. . The tC with 2.4L I4 and 160HP has a little more kick. Add the super charger and up it to 200HP and you'll get the speed you're looking for.Because they have a small 1.5L engine and are tuned more for efficiency than for performance.. . Also because the 1.5L is the only Toyota engine I know of that fits onto the Echo platform on which the Scion xA and xB are based.because they suck? try towing it it will be much faster attached to the tow truckthe scions are slow because of added weight because of the real metal body they have not like the american cars which mainly are comprised of aluminum and ABS plastic. but once u get some aftermarket parts on it you can blow away corvettes and mustangs like they were peices of paper near a fan.
Well, the first car I learned to drive was a stick shift, and it took me a while; it was sort of hard to grasp exactly the balance that is needed.  But once you get it, it's like riding a bike -- you don't forget.. . I don't know how hard it would be for someone who has beeng driving an automatic.  It could be easier since you've already had driving experience -- but it could be harder for the same reason.You just need to be coordinated.  It takes two hands and two feet.  An automatic needs only one hand and foot.When you learn does not matter. Having a good vehicle to try and a patient teacher helps.. . Conceptually, it is very simple. Depress clutch, engage gas and slowly release clutch as you have changed gears. It requires finese and a feel for the car. To learn, it helps to have a car you do not mind grinding a few gears on.. . You should pick up the basics in a few hours of trying and get some real skills after a few months. At first problem spots like stop signs on hills and pressure situations liek intersections and you inadvertently stall, but just take a deep breath and restart teh car and move on yor way.. . I prefer automatics myself, but many swear they get better gas mileage and have more control over thiwer car. The modern transmission provides excellent conteol these days, but to each their own.. . Good luck.it's not hard.  it might take some time to get the feel of the vehicle and learn EXACTLY how to shift and such, but learning to drive one really isn't hardIt takes a little coordination between the hands and feet, but people have been driving stick shifts all over the world.. . It wasn't hard for me to learn and I learn in my mid twenties.. . I find a stick shift more fun to drive, but then I'm not commuting in stop and go traffic. I can see stick shifts being a pain in stop and go traffic.. . Since I do my own work on cars, I feel an automatic transmission is easier to maintain than to have to take apart a manual transmission to change out the clutch plate. So if you work on your own car that's something to think about.It's not bad, you'll kill it a few times and then you'll get the hang of it.  Hills can be tricky, you have to remember to speed up right before you hit the slope.. . As to traffic, a standard is h*** to drive in large cities, I drove one in Austin for two years and it was horrible because you almost couldn't take your foot off the clutch, and besides that it's a city full of hills.  I even saw some other drivers with stickers that said "Standard - Please Keep Back" which I considered getting since other vehicles would not give you enough room on the stoplight hills for the small rollback that happens as you clutch to go again.  But, since we've moved I've had no difficulty whatsoever.Its pretty hard actually but super fun trying to learn!
Oscillator internal combustion engine is introducing an innovative technology to substitute pistons and crank gear with oscillating flaps. Its high performance mechanism eliminates the problems met with crank gear, typically the internal resistance and  claiming higher efficiency, higher power, lighter weight, least starting effort, fuel saving in idle running, and miniature starting power source. These conditions leads to most essential requirements of an ideal internal combustion engine and special demands that cannot met with a conventional power generator.check this page out!. everything is in there:. . http://www.oengine.com/
carmaxMany dealerships will buy a good looking car off the street, especially if it has no mechanical problems. Try calling the local dealership that sells whatever make your car is to find out if they do that.One that is looking to buy some used Cars for the purpose of selling them.I would bring my car into the local CarMax or AutoNation.Mr. Auto car dealer, will buy almost anything used car.
Use CLR it cleans anything, especially rust, you can find it at Walmart, K-mart or basically any supermarket.This is kinda funny becuase I have spent today and will spend tomorrow removing the rust from a 12 foot spiral stair case. The best way to remove rust and be sure you get it is with a wire brush. If there is alot to do it might pay to invest in a cheap ($15) grinder and wire wheel. To stop more rust from getting on them spray them with clear coat or paint.wd-40.  OH YEAH!!!!!!!
Orange Peel is the wrinkling of paint on a surface, any surface. It is caused by moisture getting under the paint and having no where to go. It causes the paint to blister, welt, or wrinkle. Seal the other side of the surface, usually wood, and the peel will stop. You will still have to replace the paint, but it won't do it again.i don't know about a boat, but it is a massage stroke to test your conective tissue zonesOrange peel can best be described as a wavy, slightly lumpy, light-and-dark pattern resembling - what else - the skin of an orange. You know it when you see it: the magic just isn't there.. . I dunno how to prevent it, high gloss paint maybeOH I THINK IT HAS TO DO WITH THE BOAT GOING TO FALL APRT
Since 9/11, this information is not public. The freight companies can help you.This is a response to a 1 answer question over 30 days old.. I hope you will find what you are looking for.. . These are the best answer links I know.. Check them out and if you still need help feel free. to Email me for help, supergwo@Yahoo.com.. . http://www.ask.com/?o=312#subject:ask|pg:1 - everything. http://www.info.com/ -  14 search engines. http://www.wisegeek.com/ -  any question. http://www.autozone.com/ -   diagrams,repair info,LOOK HERE. http://autoparts.411web.com/ - everything automotive. http://www.howstuffworks.com/ - how stuff works. http://www.thefreedictionary.com/ - dictionary. http://www.2carpros.com/index.htm - mechanics Q & A. http://www.streetracing.org/paris/dictionary/index.htm - terms. http://www.crutchfieldadvisor.com/S-CHQL8v6H71J/ -  automotive audio/video etc.. http://www.partstrain.com/?id=doMecGRr - hard to find parts. http://www.mapquest.com/directions/ - directions & distance. http://www.carcarecouncil.org/index.shtml - basic car care. http://www.diynetwork.com/diy/autos_boats - DIY resource. http://www.autospeak.com/index.htm - for car enthusiasts. http://www.mendmy.com/answers.php?id=13909 - fix anything. http://www.theautochannel.com/ - up to date auto news. http://www.motorera.com/ - old cars & definitions. http://www.autopedia.com/ - automotive dictionary. http://www.edmunds.com/ - automotive values . http://sd.craigslist.org/about/cities.html - community classifieds. http://www.nhtsa.dot.gov/ -  Nat'l Hyway Traffic Safety Admin.. . Web search for Forums for your car, they are very helpful.. Fereral, State, & Local governments have websites.
I like the 1959 Plymouth Fury. I think that they were really cool, they have huge fins and tons of chrome, and they have one of those reliable Plymouth engines. (and, they stick out in a crowd.)AUDI. . It's just simply the best!A Ford GT. Because it is so coolMustang because they look sporty and cool.1970 chevelle ss it is fastlexus becaue theyare nice and very fastLexus Hybrid SUV, it's what I have and it works for me. (live in Japan)BMW M3 has always been my fav.  Not sure why but I definetly like the look of it.
The manhole cover is round so the cover will not fall in the hole.Because our bodys are,  DAthey are round so they wont fall through the hole. Any other shape would be able to be turned and fall through.There easier to lift and roll off from the pavement that way.Manhole covers are round because they are connected to round pipes (like the water system, etc etc). This is why you never see a square manhole cover; they use the same pipes to connect the manholes as they do to make the actual sewers.so when they take them off they can be rolled out of the way.If they had any other shape the lid wuould fall into the hole
I think the laws of physics are against you on this one. Even a bicycle takes enery (calories burned) to operate.walk.....
None.  Points are usually in-state.  Suspensions would be recognized by Florida.Depends on whether or not the two states involved have a reciprocal agreement on point assessment.  If they do, they will.  If they don't they won't.My gosh! Speeding in GA and they STOPPED you? What, were you doing 90 or something? The usual Interstate driver here runs 75-80! In Atlanta (55 mph zone) we don't even go below 70 unless the traffic is jammed.
probably your local property tax officeTry the local Chamber of Commerce. Or, if that fails, you might ask an employee of that business.
Well yea you can do that , go to wall mart for ten bucks buy the stero adapter for you vehicle they have it, pick out your stero follow the directions ,if the car is not basterized it is simple, no need it will pre wire the factory speakers it plugs to you car harness and the other plugs into the stero your putting in, and it pretty easy on a cavalier.simply go to thestore and tell them to do it...If you don't have the stero yet, you could buy it at Circuit City and have them install it. I once heard they'll do it if you buy from them. If you have it, you have to first remove the old one and some how connect the correct wires to the new one. If it was me, I'd have someone do it for me.
I'm on a mission to help the people out with no answers so they don't have to lose there 2 pts. I wish I knew your answer but the best bet would be to ask it during a time period during the day or just try again. Sorry I couldn't help. ~RZ~sorry don't know
Timing belts can be difficult. If you plan to do the work yourself, purchase either the Haynes or Chilton auto repair manual for the year and model of your car. It will show the procedure in detail and save you a lot of money on future repairs as well.Ford Contours are built so tight it is better to go to the shop then to try it yourself
Always replace the old belts with brand new ones. have it done in the dealer. The money that you pay gives you the peace of mind. There's a lot of damage that can be done to your car from a wrong installed belt!Don't mean to shill for your dealer, but NO, you don't want to repair or replace this yourself.  First, you don't have the tensioning tools to do it on the assembly you have - that is, IF you could even get a fresh, non-frayed belt.  Second, a junkyard assembly might be junked because it has the wrong tension, most dangerously too loose a tension.. . Remember what a seat belt is really FOR.  Don't take chances saving a few bucks or trying to be Mr. Self-Reliant or Macho Fix-it Man.  Get it done at your dealer.  There might even be a recall on it that would get it done for free.
The pump has to be blead by a prosses called "bench bleeding" it reqires a long slender tool,a punch over 10-12in.With the cyclinder removed and blocked, a bleeder kit from an auto parts store, that should have come with the new cylinder.Depress the piston at the business end of the piece, continue this until you're sure all the air has been purged from the unit.With the Aerostar you may also have to bleed at each wheel, another little part you may need to get at a parts store a wheel bleeding kit. GOOD LUCKhe said power steering pump not brakes. on the p/s pump fill it to the full mark put the cap on start the engine turn the wheels all the way till they stop in each direction a few times make sure your fluid is full that should take care of it
You mean the "main" reason.  Maine is a state.. . My personal experience has been that most accidents are the result of: carelessness, driver error, FTYROW (Failure to Yield Right-of-Way), or other moving violations.Drivers.I almost had several accidents with people that were talking on cell phones.  These people have no idea that other cars are on the road with them.  Sometime, I had to move over quickly to avoid them.  One car went thought a red light when I was already in the intersection and I had to quickly make a right turn to avoid a collision.  That person probably did not even realize that they ran a red light.just guessing that the maine reason is lobster on the road, in texas, i hear it is cattle, in maryland particularly on the eastern shore it is blue crabcarelessness, always be aware of your surroundings.recklessness of course and those drivers who thinks that they own the roadUnmindful, Mental Upset Condition and Crossing the Speed . Limit to reach destination earlier. Sick and Crazy People.Lack of attention by the Nut behind the wheel.Although drunk or under the influence drivers are responsible for some accidents, The majority of them are caused by inexperience, inattention (oops, spilled my coffee) impatience (get out of my way, you BLEEP) falling asleep ETC ETC. Mechanical failures are rarely the cause.Me behind the wheel.DRUNKERSSnow -   you did say Maine reasons, right?  Same with Vermont and New Hampshire.Lets see.........before my last wreck I had turned the radio up so as not to hear the kids fighting, the boss was on my cell phone and as I reached for the last beer in the twelve pack, this car just came out of nowhere and slamed into my front end. I'm gonna sue the bastard!!!!!. My answer....ALL OF THE ABOVE.. Ron C.
You can get a replacement switch at any auto parts store and it's real easy to put in.  You can run a jumper wire from the battery to the coil, but it will burn up the coil if you run it that way for too long (without a ballast resistor).I'd actually just suggest that you go to the Ford Dealer and have them cut you a new key.
I've used hairspray to remove ink and felt tip marker from various items. Perhaps it would work for you too. Spray generously and blot with a white paper towel.rubbing alchohol soda. talk to a car detailer or a leather cleaning place. and use ascurbrush. :D
it is a rubber bushing that is between the sway bar and the vehicles frame. Most actually wrap around  the sway bar.a sway bar is designed to reduce body roll.it has rubber bushings between the frame and the bar.go to a good muffler shop.
weight of the vehicleHere is the low down: sensors sensors all the way. hope this is helpful to you.There is something exotic about the traffic lights that "know" you are there -- the instant you pull up, they change! How do they detect your presence? . . Some lights don't have any sort of detectors. For example, in a large city, the traffic lights may simply operate on timers -- no matter what time of day it is, there is going to be a lot of traffic. In the suburbs and on country roads, however, detectors are common. They may detect when a car arrives at an intersection, when too many cars are stacked up at an intersection (to control the length of the light), or when cars have entered a turn lane (in order to activate the arrow light). . . There are all sorts of technologies for detecting cars -- everything from lasers to rubber hoses filled with air! By far the most common technique is the inductive loop. An inductive loop is simply a coil of wire embedded in the road's surface. To install the loop, they lay the asphalt and then come back and cut a groove in the asphalt with a saw. The wire is placed in the groove and sealed with a rubbery compound. You can often see these big rectangular loops cut in the pavement because the compound is obvious.What you are referencing are inductive loops that are placed in the pavement.  They work on the theory of inductance that is caused by a large mass of metal passing over the loops.
Word of advice... if you want the car alarm to do you any good at all.  Get it installed professionally.  Car alarms that are self installed are very easy to do away with.TAKE IT TO ELECTRICTRIANGet a really loud dog. When a stranger comes, train the dog to bark it's head off. Then, while you can hear the dog, rush to your car and beat the intruder on the head several times.
I believe it is in the 60 range although I have read reports of owners getting up to 80 on the manual transmission models with the air conditioning off.supposedly it might be around 60 mpg.  That's a little car, and well worth it.  My dentist has one and absolutely loves it - plus you get a tax credit for buying one.
ask George Carlin -- it's his question. And he probably wasn't worried that his mommy would catch him on the comp.Because their construction is based on the "Eisenhower Interstate System".  There are certain requirements/specifications for roads that fall under this designation.  I forget what all the requirements are, but, one requirement is that every certain number of miles, there has to be a 1 mile stretch that is completely straight and flat.  Why?  It was meant for the cold war.  If nearby airfields were destroyed, the USAF would be able to use these stretches of highway as runways for military jets.. A relic of the cold war.Why not? They are a state you know and have to get around somehow.
Try adding your teenager to your policy as an Occassional Driver and check for Good Student Discounts. Definately stay with your current insurer since they do consider the length of their experience with you in the event of an accident and surcharges.. Good luck!In Michigan, it is called PLPD. Basically, they only cover the OTHER person in an accident. The cheaper the car, the less insurance is too.
This could be due to many different problems in the fuel system, ignition system, or emission control system, if you have this on your car.  Taking the car to a mechanic and explaining the problem would be your best course of action.well it all depends usually it has something to do with ur fuel pump or lines that needs cleaning...sometimes it's ur o2 sensors..
The middle east sells the oil to make a profit.  To get oil to their own people, they only have to sell it to their people, they don't have to sell it to another company or ship it.  It's the same reason why a gallon of milk is $4-$6 in Hawaii.I HAVE BEEN TO THE MIDDLE EAST FOR 14 MONTH I HAVE NEVER SEEN GAS THAT CHEAP
Just stop by any auto lube center.  They will probably do it for free if you buy a service job.Are u asking oil bath breather? Why would u want 2 whith the dry filters of such good quality?
You will probably need a co-signer, or a very large down payment.. . You can apply for this loan with a creditor on-line, with your bank, or at the dealership.1. Avoid small, independent, and 'we finance anyone' places- they are often not as good for you as more trustworthy places will be. You'll pay more at a good lot, but it will be worth it in the long run!. . 2. Find a car you like and can afford.. . 3. Talk to your bank or credit union (credit union is often best) about what you can afford and what kinds of loans they can help with.. . 3. Talk to the salesperson. They or someone at the lot should be able to help you arrange for financing if the bank could not.. . 4. Be ready to compare offers- between your bank and the lot you should be able ot obtain a few different kinds of loans. Understand how to compare them- your bank can help with this.its not possible unless u have a co signerIf you find a car that you like, just talk to a salesman about this...there are so many options available right now that you might be able to qualify and not know it! If you need to build credit though, the easiest way is to get a credit card and make only "needed" purchases(food etc), then pay them off every month! It will build your credit really easily! Or, purchase a used car from a private person...they do not require credit, but they do require cash!You can put up money in a savings account or a CD as collateral.  You won't get access to that money until the loan is paid off.  You may want to apply for a store credit card somewhere with a very low limit and use it occasionally and pay it off each month.  That will help you build credit.they have buy here pay here places..... . go to your bank and get a personal loan. buy a car for a couple grand and then when you pay that off you will have credit... . the good thing about a personal loan is you are not required by the bank to insure the carIf theres one thing for certain in America... everyone gets credit!  This is not a good thing.  We should all have the credit that we earn, but that doesnt mean that we need to use it.  Do you NEED a car, what kind of car do you NEED, can you meet your NEEDS with cash (a used Toyota Corrolla/Tercel)?  Be a "cash only" person if you can and you will be happier in the end (or sooner).It doesn't hurt to just go apply and see what happens - they may be able to give you some advice too. You gotta start somewhere with credit, so they'll probably let you buy a car - but with high interest. Good luck!i think anybody can get an auto loan. u might need a big down payment and you might have a higher interest rate but you should be able to get onewell if you have a car in mind and the dealership does a buy here pay here or sometime dealership have banks that a fund 1st time buyers
18 ft/lbs on a 2.2 liter engine. 28 for inside, 37 for outside on a 2.5. 25 on a 2.8prolly 35 ft lbs. But call a dealership or a napa auto parts, they can give you the specs..
same as anywhere else just need to be careful and pay attention. this means no smoking turn off radio no food or drink no ipod no cell phone kids strapped in no dvd'slike an old man very slowi would first put on a set of snow tires. than i would drive 100 mph into a brick wallWhen I was learning to drive my Dad at the begining of each season would take me to a snowy/iced parking lot that was wide open. He would make me speed up and slam on the brakes to learn how to control the vehicle and dismiss the fear of loosing control of the vehicle. I still do this every year to be perpared because half of Michigan forgets how to drive in the snow every year.Drive steady. That means do not slow down, stop, or speed up suddanly. Keep a good distance between you and the car in front of you. I drive in snow and ice all the time living in the Buffalo area...Its really not that big of a deal.
If you drive a ford someone once told me that if the blinker is blinking faster that a light is out on your bumper. Check your brake light, and back turn signals. Hope this helpsIts not a fuse if your lights are still working.It is probably a bulb on the side that is blinking fast.If it is not a bulb then you have something that is causing that circuit to draw more current like water or contaminates in the light sockets.Our car has done that a couple of times. All that was wrong was that the bulb needed to be replaced. Try that first.This usually happens when the bulb needs to be replaced.
I know this will sound nuts but if the scratch is not to bad it will work.. TOOTHPASTE. TOOTHPASTE has a milled abrasive and it will need to take a little time but it will remove minor scractches in glass.I have used a polishing stone on my drumel. If you have alot of them then it could take awhile.
Try resetting the computer in the car, the sensor may need to be reset.  Take your battery terminals off the battery for about 5 minutes or so, plug them back up, and try again!You did not give the type of vehicle but on most vehicles the ABS will reset itself after driving a little - if it has been properly fixed.
A "clean title" means that there are no leins on the title, it is up to date on registration, etc. If you're trying to sell the car to anyone, it shouldn't matter that you still owe money. You can transfer ownership at the DMV, then pay off your loan. If you're trading it in to a dealership, they'll take the amount you owe, subtract however much the car is worth, and add that amount to the contract.Yes that means you don't have a clean title. If any money is owed on the car the title is not clean.a clean title means it's free of any encumberances such as liens.I think it means your the first person on the title and with the car, or it could mean that you have no late payments on it.
Remove the little bulb.The light is telling you to get the Scan Codes checked by a shop.  Disconnecting the battery will reset the computer but if the problem is not repaired, the light will just come back on.  It usually costs about $50 to have the scan done at a shop.  The scan tells us what is causing the problem.Disconnect the negative battery terminal or fix the problem
Check for vacuum hose leaks.  In a car this age, I wouldn't be surprised to see some of them dry-rotted, especially if they have never been replaced before. Look especially where hoses rub against sharp edges, as they tend to be cut through from constant engine vibration.I agree with byroon's answer, plus, check spark plugs, see if they are right size and gapped appropiatelyreset the idle speed
Wankel engine is a rotary engine in which the 4 strokes of making an engine work are in an oval chamber.  Has some advantages over reciprocating engine design - e.g. with pistons.  See links below for MUCH better explanation.The Wankel rotary engine is a type of internal combustion engine, invented by German engineer Felix Wankel, which uses a rotor instead of reciprocating pistons. This design promises smooth high-rpm power from a compact, lightweight engine; however Wankel engines are criticized for poor fuel efficiency and exhaust emissions.
if you are just changing the pads and rotors, it's pretty simple.  search my old posts regarding this subject.  i've changed the front ones on my grand cherokee twice in the last 6 years.Take it to a mechanic. Trust me, what is supposed to be an easy job changing front brake lines has turned out to be a do it your self nightmare!! My truck has been sitting with no brake lines on it for almost 2 weeks now, because none of the auto part stores sell the right replacement lines with the right size fittings. Then after all that I called a mechanic, to see how much they would charge me and since my old ones were already dispossed of they said they could not help me. They needed the fittings off the old brake line to make new one. I finally called the dodge dealership to order them and had to wait 4 days for them to come in and right now all we are hoping is that it is the right  thing. It really stinks being stuck with no ride!! Hope you have better luck than us.Need a little more info..... . Ok generally speaking if you car was built after 1970 you have disk brakes in the front.  You have a large thick metal disk called a rotor, your brake pads push against this rotor using a hydraulic caliper.  Your brake pads sit inside this caliper.. . *** Warning if you don't know what you are doing you can cause major damage to your vehicle, not to mention that if you damage your brakes and are unable to stop your car and kill somebody because you were trying to save a few bucks nobody will have any sympathy for you. So if you aren't sure, take it to a Mechanic they do this for a living..... . Now, I would hope that you grasp that what you are trying to do is very serious, with that said here's some basics, but by no means all of it.... . Typically what happens as you use your brakes, over time the pads - aka brake pads that are pressing on the rotor begin to wear down.  There usually is a piece of metal on the pads called a squealer, this is there to let you know it's time to change your brake pads.  If you choose to ignore this angry squeel from your brakes every time you stop you will cause the squealer to dig into your rotor.  This can cause all sorts of nasty vibrations to come up to the brake pedal.  . . Firstly, you need to position your car on a nice flat dry surface then get yourself a jack.  Don't use the one that came with your car... Please, that little jack is just for emergencies nothing else.  You can get a halfway decent jack for $25.00.  If you would like to be really safe get a set of jack stands and wheel chocks. (This keeps the car from falling on your head or rolling over off of the jack and killing you (Starting to appreciate your mechanic yet?). . Ok so you get the jack positioned on the FRAME of the car and you break the lugs free (just a little) then jack the car up and you have your jack stands and wheel chocks in place.  Take the lug nuts off and put the wheel under the front of the car (just incase the jack fails and the car doesn't come down and KILL you.) Now you should see your rotor and your caliper, examine your rotor very closely if you see any grooves in it, you will need to take both rotors to your local machine shop (some auto parts stores will do this) and have them machined down smooth.  They can only machine down so much. The more they cut down your rotors the further your brake caliper has to extend to get the same stopping force.  Personally I'd just get new ones. . Now you have to remove the caliper to replace the brake pads and rotor, "Typically" there are two bolts that secure the brake caliper, these can have many different types of heads on them depending on the make of your car. You will need to get the right tool to remove these two bolts.  When you go to your auto parts store for the pads they should be able to help you.  Some of these bolts are covered with dust caps.  (Don't loose them) You'll also want to check the torque settings for these bolts so that when you reinstall them. (Yeah you'll need a torque wrench too) Now you'll see a flexible line going into the caliber brakes don't break it, and don't let the caliper hang from it. That's your brake line, if you screw that up you'll have to replace it then you get to bleed the brakes on all four wheels twice.  Now before you remove the two bolts on the caliper you need to compress the caliper, now there are a lot of ways to do this, and a lot of things you can do and that some mechanics do, do (IE bleeding the dirty fluid out of the caliper etc). The quick and easy method is to take a Large flat head and place it between the rotor and the break pad and pry back on it until the caliper is compressed. Now that you did that remove the two bolts and lift the caliper off of the rotor again DO NOT let it hang by the brake line. Use a bungee cord or something. The old pads should slide out.  Now look at the caliper itself look for 
sprinkle kitty litter to the area, work it in, vacuum it out.. . or you can just burn the fumes off.soke it outIt's call Super Clean. I don't know where you are located but we used it inside and out on detailing cars. It may take some elbow depending on how long you've let it set.In an open container, like a shallow tupperware bowl..place a cut up apple on top of coffee grounds. Don't know how, but it works. If you have access to an ozone machine, that would be best.
ok it depends on the tread heer is how you check take a dime and if the tread is not cover the top of eisenhours head when put in the tread head first it is time for tires also if you car starts to shimmy due to improper wear wires showing and the like.once every year or depending in the use they haveIt really depends on the make and model of the car and the tires.  It's best to check your vehicles owner manual.  When in doubt, ask the guys the next time you get an oil change.heres a trick take a penny and insert in in the tread of your tire. If the penny sticks out, its time to get your tires replaced
In most states, a formal training class is required for new riders before you can get the motorcycle endorsement for your drivers license.  The Motorcycle Safety Foundation offers beginner rider classes in several locations in Arkansas.  You can check this web site for details...go to the DMV. then get the test and study. Come back to the DMV and take it. O and it will cost you some money not sure how mucj=h
If you're looking for a nation-wide auto transporter, try the first link.. . If you're looking for info on a company by that name, check out all the complaints against them at the second link below:LOOK ON THE INTERNET
Diesel/Electric, a diesel engine powers an electric generator which in turn powers a variable speed electronic motor. Sounds more complicated than it should need to be however, this is the most powerful, efficient and reliable system avaiable for this application.DIESILIn the USA trains use mostly diesil engines with some electric engines.they are powerd with a very fast motor or electricaly
Look in your vehicles owners manual for the section on "Homelink".  Then follow the instruction for rolling code openers.it should be in the instruction bookThere should be a button on the motor part of your garage door opener. Press it and then press the button the the remote. This will program the opener to your remote.
Because most accidents happen during takeoff and landing. The shades need to be open to assess the conditions outside the aircraft in the event of an evacuation. (You wouldn't want to initiate an evacuation into an area of fire, blockages, flood or other hazard.) Flight attendants are required to ensure passengers keep them open during these phases of flight.Av8trzz is correct...it's part of the airline industry's safety "feature creep" over the years in preparing the passengers for a worse-case-scenario: a crash during the takeoff or landing phase of the flight.. . First, airline pax had to buckle their seatbelts. Later, we got into the seats-upright and tray tables stowed mode. Then we moved to the dimming of cabin lights during landing to accommodate the passengers' eyes to ambient light. Still later, the orchestration of able-body passengers sitting in exit rows and the raising of shades, and so on.. . Other things go unnoticed by the average pax such as flame-retardant seat fabrics and non-poisonous cabin composites (plastics) or cabin floor lighting.. . We learn a little more about the crash sequence, survivability, and aircraft evacuation after every airliner accident and often the government authorities or an airline itself adopt improved safety procedures as part of their daily retinue. . . Today, there's continual talk about airliner airbags, smoke hoods, and infant safety seats being required. I suspect eventually passengers will be required to assume the "crash position" during all landings!Yes, I've been on many flights that require it as well.  And I have wondered the same thing as well.  I think the previous poster has some good reasons.  I also think one reason might be passenger safety.  If anything like a hijacking were to take place or if there were an accident during landing/takeoff, it would allow people on the outside to see into the cabin of the airplane and assess the situation.Many airlines do require it.. So the people and stwerdesess(the workers) can see if there are any problems. example, the wing breaks!  It is better to know and take the best course of action.  Also for fires and debris on the runway I think.you dont have to keep them open on all the seats .... except for the ones over the emergency exits ... so that in case of an emergency the crew can get a visual indication of whether its safe to deploy the chutes ...You don't have to.. Who told you that?It is not a requirement.So that you will be aware of what is happening outside?I don't think you "HAVE" to, but most people do because they like to see the view while you are still close enough to the ground to see anything, which is take off, and landing.
1 7/16 wrench and a hammer is the down and dirty way to do it.they make special tools for the purpose,and they both cot the same.go to your local parts house and see if you can rent them.is for using them,there is a large nut in front of the pulley that that can either turn clockwise or counterclockwise.fan shroud should tell you.The big hex-shaped hub just behind the fan blade turns clockwise to remove.  A big adjustable wrench or pipe wrench will work.  You'll have to "smack" the handle of the wrench toward the right with a hammer to break it loose.
There are alot of ways but the cheepest way would be on the throttleyou can drill a little hole tap it and put a small screw now when the person goes to give it full throttle the throttle will stop at the screw.once the person gets the hang of it take the screw out.you also can give the throttle cable alot of slack. try it before you spend money..thanksthis sounds like it would be for a racing class.  The easiest way yo decrease your displacement is to fit a smaller cylinder bore and piston.  This isn't always possible if the manufacturer did not produce the same motor with a smaller bore.  If not then the best choice is to have a shop de-stroke your crank.  If you can find an even larger piston and can safely bore out your cylinder go for an even shorter stroke.  Sometimes it may be as easy as finding another, shorter stroke crank from an earlier motor.  A shorter stroke will allow you to rev higher and install bigger valves for the most power.  Give it all you got.
On all newer cars (1995 forwards), all manual trannys come with a locking mech installed. If the car is still running, u'll find that u simply can't push the stick into reverse.It should not be possible.  Otherwise transmission damage will be the answer to the questionyou should not even ask that question, Do you want to mess up your car, or die?nOkay thats just a plain stupid question .And wat r u thinking of doin that . Cause if u r u r an idiot .You probably won't be able to do it with a manual transmission because the gears are moving in the wrong direction.  You might strip the gears, you'll definitely ruin the transmission and you might lose the drive shaft.. . On the bright side you could possibly become eligible to win a Darwin award.You will succeed at explaining M theory to the total delight of your parents.You can't do that dear. As far as my knowledge goes, you can't put the car in reverse gear while its on the move.at 60 mph transmition is moving to fast to let you use the reversetheirs a lock out u can't do that.basically you have 2 options..buy a new car or let your car be fix..
The replacement for the Volvo S70 was the Volvo S60. The only thing thats really the same between the S60 and S70 is the 5 cyclinder engine. Both are great cars if well maintained. I drive a modifed 2000 S70 GLT SE with 90k and it works greatit shouldn't be on the website, because, there is the s80 which is the flag ship sedan, s60 mid line sedan and s40 base sedan.  the wagons are the v70 which is the same as a s60, just a wagon and a v50 which corresponds to a s40.  those are good cars because they are Very safe.
Easy, stop worrying about external influences...  The only one who can tell you how to find inner peace is you...Go take a look on Seat Toledo. and on Opel cars.before or after taxesthis depends on your age and if your happy with your self. and the way your life is going . You ahve to be at peace with who you are and the way your life is going and if you are happy with this then you should of already found it if not you need to be happy with these first then that will come
take out the old one and install the new one you might try looking at a chiltin manual.A chilton is the best way to go. Try going to your local library and asking for a photocopy or go to a car repair shop.
The fog lights are turned on with a switch on your dash board label looks like a D with lines next to it.. Your factory fog lights will only operate when your headlights are on in low beam.They will not work when headlights are in  highbeam or off.Most cars with stock foglights u pull out the little knob you use toturn on your headlights with.  Your car might be different though.
what he said.  if you need more help, go to your library and check out a Chilton repair manual.  they are behind the counter.1. Drain it. 2. Remove the cooling fan(s). 3. Disconnect hoses at radiator.. 4. Disconnect transmission lines (if automatic).. 5. Remove the bolts/nuts holding radiator in the car.. 6. Lift it out.. 7. Reverse to re-install. 8. Fill with 50/50 mix of antifreeze.. 9. Run engine until thermostat opens.. 10. Top off radiator fluid.. 11. Replace cap.. 12. Check for leaks.
Actually you do not have to inform them but you will have to prove to the DMV that you have insurance. If you feel obligated, if they have a web page send them an Email with your name and policy number. A quick call to your agent will be fine too. But really do nothing, they will send you the cancelation notice, ignore it and you will be fine as long as you Do have new insurance.You don't have to call them, write them or anything.  The policy will automatically lapse without you doing anything.  Don't feel obligated to tell them.  . However, you should know something very important.. If you are switching policies to another company because it is cheaper, start the cheaper coverage right away.  Then contact your old insurer and tell them the date that you want your coverage to stop.  Then, ask for a pro-rated refund of any unused premium.  You could save some money.you dont need to call them if you are simply not going to renew with them. the insurance company should have sent you a letter letting you know that your policy was up for renewel. dont worry about it... they won't care wether or not you call, email them, or pay them a visit to tell them. not a big deal.
You are female so go to Auto Zone or Advanced Auto or Napa and act like you don't know what is going on but you want to learn. Ask them to show you how so you will know the next time. Pay attention so you will know the next time but they will do it for you. Next time too probably. lolpop the trunk, whatever side the light is out on theres a plastic piece pull it back you probably have to twist and pull the light. then replace with new one twist opposite wayEasily, ask a male to do it.  They always want to please women.  It doesn't matter what task.  They like to feel good about themselves.  Women vs. men kind of thing... Or, if you're independent?  Open the trunk and unscrew the back partition thats sometimes locked in place.  (will require a phillips head most likely)  Don't try to force the back covers off.  That usually isn't the right place to start.. Also, try Autozone, they usually will change it for you in the parking lot...They also check batteries, fuel lines/pumps, add water to radiators.  They are very helpful for some reason...
If you can find the title, just forge her signature on it.  Thats what I would do.go to the title place and bring a death certificate proving she is dead and some document saying you are who you are. then you can might be able to get the title put in your name.It was left in the will to somebody, directly or indirectly. You will need to contact that person, or this person you speak of that has the will.bring her back to life and ask her
These are the best answer links I know.. Check them out and if you still need help feel free. to Email me for help.. . http://www.ask.com/?o=312#subject:ask|pg:1 - everything. http://www.info.com/ -  14 search engines. http://www.wisegeek.com/ -  any question. http://www.autozone.com/ -   diagrams,repair info,LOOK HERE. http://autoparts.411web.com/ - everything automotive. http://www.howstuffworks.com/ - how stuff works. http://www.thefreedictionary.com/ - dictionary. http://www.2carpros.com/index.htm - mechanics Q & A. http://www.streetracing.org/paris/dictionary/index.htm - terms. http://www.crutchfieldadvisor.com/S-CHQL8v6H71J/ -  automotive audio/video etc.. http://www.partstrain.com/?id=doMecGRr - hard to find parts. http://www.mapquest.com/directions/ - directions & distance. http://www.carcarecouncil.org/index.shtml - basic car care. http://www.diynetwork.com/diy/autos_boats - DIY resource. http://www.autospeak.com/index.htm - for car enthusiasts. http://www.mendmy.com/answers.php?id=13909 - fix anything. http://www.theautochannel.com/ - up to date auto news. http://www.motorera.com/ - old cars & definitions. http://www.autopedia.com/ - automotive dictionary. http://www.edmunds.com/ - automotive values                       . . Web search for Forums for your car, they are very helpful.. Fereral, State, & Local governments have websites.If you bought the caddy new from a dealer then they should have it on file, if so you need to go in person so as to verify its you.  If not I would start from the dealer any way...
I am a domestic two-door coupe kind of guy, so I like the Camaros and Mustangs. However, the Subaru has the Wrx Sti, that is all-wheel drive and has 300 horse power. It has 4 doors with plenty of room. Knowing Subaru, I'm sure it is as safe as a car this fast can be.1965 chevy impala ss.....truly a bad mfI would have to say that the best car ever, if you consider best to be highest perfromance, is the Macleran F1. This car holds the world speed record for off of the lot street legal vehicle. This car might cost you over 1 million dollars, but if performance is your middle name, than this car is a must have.Chrysler Sebring Convertable ... Great convertable that seats 4 large men with ease ... Front wheel drive allows it to drive in the snow ... and it's got a great rear!!! . . The only way to make it better is to make it a hybred.1982 delorean dc12. cuz it came in one color, brushed stainless steel. it had gullwing doors and rear engined like the european cars.Ford Focus, Affordable, keeps its value and very economical gas mileage.yugo any model...they are huge inside and really fast. they never break down and parts are easy to find
you could check for oil and water mixing,check your dipstick for a milky color oil.when the car is smoking out of the tail pipeThe milky looking oil/sludge (looks kinda like dirty vaseline) is the best indicator, however you'll also have a white smoke coming out of your tail pipe that smells like anti-freeze.  Also you'll probably be getting crap gas mileage.
Take it to Walmart.  They'll replace it for free if you buy it.  Same thing with batteries and wipers.ktkck has told you all to the minutesat detailsLocate the air filter housing, unscrew the wing nut or unclip the side of the housing, take out the old filter. take the filter to your nearest autoparts store. replace with the new filter, replace housing lid or cover.I would go to the auto parts store buy it and ask them to show you how to do it so you dont have to ask againif you buy the filter at the autoparts store they will usually change it for you free of charge, they also ensure you're getting the correct filter
The SRS light is a safety restraint system (air bag). Have the body control module scanned to locate the stored fault code. Repair as needed.It stands for Supplemental or Secondary Restraint System.  If this light is constantly on, basically, get your air bags checked.
Check at the gas filler tube for leaks.Sometimes you will get fumes in from there if the hose connecting to the tank is damaged.Had the same problem----tank was starting to rust on the top of the tank.  No leaks on the ground but areas of my gas tank were wet with gas and seaping out, had to reach hand to top of tank to feel the wetness.
School bus seats are designed to absorb an impact.  In other words, the seat in front of you is tall enough and close enogh and angled to keep you from flying forward.  Also the passengers sit high enough off of the road to avoid most impacts by other vehicles.  Add the fact that school bus drivers have had professional training and you have a fairly safe child transport system.School bus crash data from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) show that a requirement for seat belts on buses would provide little, if any, added protection in a crash.  Rather than seat belts, NHTSA determined that the best way to provide crash protection for passengers is through a concept called "compartmentalization."
WD-40 until your ready to put a Gatorbelt on it...... . And evryone knows Never put belt dressing on a serpentine belt. TRUST ME... I'm A PEP BOYA squeaky belt is saying "change me!  change me!".  Listen to your belt.  . . When it breaks, you could be stranded in the middle of the night when it's raining in the middle of nowhere and surrounded by a pack of hungry wolves with slimjims.NO....don't WD 40....Tighten the belts......If that doesn't work change themNO don't lubricate it.  If it is noisy it either needs tightened or it is worn and need replaced.  . As a last resort you can try a spray-on belt dressing, but only use a product labeled specifically for that purpose any auto parts store should have it.
repaint and restoreTake it to the local body shop , They will spot weld it and do all the finish work or they will get you a new one which by the way would be my choice becuase of structural integrety. Either way you are looking at new paint on the door.
After driving a manual transmission car for a day or two, it all becomes automatic.  You'd never think of needing to look.  It would just be an added expense to the car.i am not sure but i always know what gear i am in from practice and position. i know that the top gear are 1 4 5 and the bottom are 2 3 and R so its not that hard to figure out what gear you are in and neutral is in the middle.I've always driven a manual transmission... I can look at the gear shift and tell what gear I'm in... or even the sound of the truck tells me where I'm at.... I've never seen a motorcycle have anything other than a green light that indicates the bikes in neutral.I drive a standard and I really wouldn't have use for the lights.  After driving a standard for any extended period of time you come to be able to shift into the right gear every time easily, without having to think about what gear it is in.  However, on an automatic, you're not constantly changing gears, so the lights can help you remember whether your in neutral, reverse, or forward.  This is important because you many times cannot see what gear you're in just by looking at the shifter on an automatic (expecially the ones on the steering wheel).  Putting gear position lights on a manual might be a good idea for cosmetic purposes, though.I agree with you that they should! It would be so useful, especially when you slow down rapidly to reach low speeds and have to then fumble around to ascertain gear position.Good suggestion.It would require too much mechanical apparatus to be cost effective.An automatic tranny shifter basically has a straight back and forth range of motion, so the parts it takes to operate an indicator light are fairly simple.
Assuming you let off the gas pedal when you push in the clutch in the first place, the only thing that can cause this would be your excellerator sticking.  Also, depending on how fast your still coasting when you let out on the clutch the RPM will rise and slowly come back down as the vehicle slows down untill you push on the excellerator again.It sounds like you are still within factory warranty. Take it to your dealership & tell them to refer to Document ID#1548273.  It describes your concern.  The fix is a simple reprogram that will only take about 30 minutes.
This is NOT a job for a novice mechanic.  Be warned that this is an "interference engine".  The valves will be damaged if you turn the engine while the belt is off.  You also need a special holding tool to remove the crankshaft pulley bolt.thats very difficult to explain here. my suggestion is haynes manual. they can be found at autozone for about $15
because its the time needed for our vision to go to the new speed of the plane , in which standstill images will not conflict with the new speedy onesThe 'windows' aren't opened but the window shades are. This is because if there is to be an accident/incident requiring an emergency evacuation, it will most likely happen during those phases of flight. The shades need to be open so conditions outside can be assesed. This is especially true where there is an emergency exit, as one wouldn't want to open the door into adverse an condition like fire.I don't really think there is any such requirement on most airlines. On long haul flights, you are however recommended to lower your window once it is time for everyone to go to sleep.So you can look outsideI know this is NOT what you meant, But in the older aircraft we opened the canopy on landings and TKOF's. so if we crashed we could get out fast. An accident would jam the canopy in the closed positionand your stuck inside.. Not a good feeling with a lot of avgas aboard.so you will know when to scream b4 the crashThere's no FAR mandating that this be done.  If there was every US airline would be flying illegally.  Some might say it's a safety issue. but if I can see out the window at my seat doesn't mean anything if there's an incident or accident.  I do know some airline will remove the shade from the emergency exit row for this reason, but again it's not a given.
Because they drive on the left.. . Why do they drive on the left?  Because when you can across your enemy while driving a carriage or horse, you could pull out your sword with your right hand and fight, since your enemy is on your right.It's because they drive on the left. The driver gets in on the side of the traffic, and faces the oncoming drivers. this makes head-on collisions less likely, because he can clearly see how much space there is between himself and the other driver. Same thing as in America, only on the other side.I think it dates back to carriages and what side the British generally passed each other on.  You have to stay to the left on escalators too, so the walkers can pass you by.  And as they say, "Right is right."they are probably asking why we have ours on the left.it was a stipulation of losing the revolutionary wari dont no
Class 1 is up to 2,000lbs. Class 2 is up to 3,500 lbs. Class 3 is up to 5,000lbs. Class 4 is up to 7,500lbs Class 5 is up to 14,000lbs.the different classes represent the different weight each one is rated to tow,haul.
all depends on the car - because each and every vehicle is different.. . Look at the manufacturer's sites for what is also known as curb weight - but I don't think there is a central site hat show the weight of every different car.. . Most cars avarage between 1,500 and 4,000 lbs thoughhttp://auto.consumerguide.com/Auto/used/http://www.nadaguides.com. . follow the steps of your vehicle and  voila!
If you get caught just tell the person that it was an oversight - that you forgot it had expired.In Pennsylvania, you get a ticket, and you have 10 days to get it inspected. There is no reason that your license or registration would be taken from you unless you have other issues.
Easiest way is just to drive it into the ocean or lake if it's closer.Early models - open the top shelter (as if filling the gas tank). Remove the tool tray. Unscrew the knob on the left and the side shelter will swing down.. Newer models - the reserve tank is in front of the shelter (dummy fuel tank).. Gl 1500 - Left side of the bike, behind the side cover (look underneath the bike where center stand mounts to the frame and you'll see the reserve tank)
you need to take it in to get the scheduled maintenance.  The mechanics will turn off the light.  The maintenance will help your car run better.I do this to my Accord 2000. Do this, before you start the car, press the same knob in the speedomete area, that you use to reset the milage counter, and keep it pressed. While that knob being pressed , start the ignition, the maintainance indicator will blink few times and then it will go off. This should take care of this. . To check, Turn off the ignition and restart it. The maintance indicator should remain off.do not let anyone mess with your honda.  call the dealer's service manager.  he can tell you quickly what to do.. . you may be able to find the info in the manual that came with the carOn most vehicles right next to the light there is a tiny hole you need to stick a paper clip into and push the button.. . But I'm not sure on a Honda.your owners manual will tel u hold the select or reset button down then turn key on engine off then wait till the maintanance light goes away turn key off then start engine and it should go away
It's a guy's name. He builds the Saleen Mustangs.may be up for sale , or a salt solutionIts a last name. The most popular in search is a guy name Steve saleen. It is his name that the Saleen engine in Mustangs get their name. He is the one that manufactures them. He also produces cars such as the Saleen S7.sleek.
First you have to drive the car so that it warms up and the transmission shifts throug all the gears..  Automatic transmission with the MOTOR RUNNING pull the dipstick out near the back of the engine (usually has a red finger grip)wipe it off and then put it back in the tube, pull it out and the level should be in the crosshatch area of the dipstick.. .  Manual transmission with columm shifter pull back the carpet and remove ascess plate on the floor hump remove the plug and look at the level If floor shifter remove the floor shifter and look at the level.There should be a dip stick, like checking oil, but it is usually wider.  See if you can get a Chiton manual for your car at Auto Zone if you can't find things under the hood.You will need to look for a red dipstick under the hood (for automatic) and check it while the engine is running.  On a manual trans there will be a plug on the side of the trans.  You will have to stick your pinky in the hole and bend it down, if you fell gear lube then it is full if not then add some via a hand pump.Each vehicle is different.   Check the owner's manual for your car.
You are better off running new wiring instead of hacking into the factory job.  I would take it off of the dome lamp inside the cab.  If the light is too dim, you can wire a relay inline and use the the dome lamp as the trigger (and run the 12 volt constant hot from the fusebox inside the cab).Check your owners manual. The light may be programmable with your key switch. I know it sounds silly.
the D-model Slick, or Bell UH-1D Helicopter for our younger viewers, apparently had a Lycoming T53-L-11 1100 shp engine, with growth potential to the Lycoming T53-L-13 1400 shp engine.  See this site:Such a question is genuinely knotty. I don't know that Elvis himself could bring forth a laudable explanation for your query.Electro-Fogey is correct.  In Civilian life it's a 205 and most, if not all, have the -13 engine.. It started as a 204 then stretched to a 205 then the put a twin pack (2/PT-6 engines) in it and called it a 212, then they put a 4 bladed rotor on it and called it a 412. Darn good airframe, eh?  Tough ole' bird. I prefer the 205 myself and my second choice would be the 212. Now this is just my personal preference when it comes to working the A/C. The 204 with the -13 is the best lifter but I like the 205. The 212 is great but not the best in lifting due to the weight of the twin pac, but nice to have the duel engine capability, especially over water.
go to a hardware store and buy some vinyl tubing.  if your dipstick is 3/8" (or whatever) in diameter, buy a a 1/4" tube.  it's probably 15 cents a foot.  get about 10 feet of it and siphon it out.cheapest  is like paul said 1 hour ago-6 feet is enough tubeThe cheapest (and dirtiest) way is to drain oil from the drain-plug under the car. Although, you can't just drain 1/2 lt. out. Another way is to buy a pump designed to be put into the oil filler hole on top of the engine.I think most auto parts stores carry these pumps. I've no idea about price. Good Luck.Use Slivers advise, as a 1/2 lt is about the amount in a filter, and then replace the filter, if you have the small filter, do it twice.....NO NO NO  Don't do anything yet. A half liter is not enough to do anything. Start the engine, and check the dip stick while it is running for foamy oil. If the oil is okay, don't do anything. If it is foamy, you can remove that amount by changing the oil filter. If you remove the plug, alot more then 1/2 liter will come out.open up the oil plug and just drain out the amount you needyo, there's not such a problem with extra oil, is a real one when you are low on oil..anyway , if you have a catalytic converter..it might damage it if running on extra oil for a looong time..anyway..if u really insist, open up the oil cap and try 2 use a syringe.
It cannot be set.  The computer receives a crank angle sensor signal and adjusts the timing as needed.  This car has no distributor to adjust.get a timming light it will solve your problem
because it feel good and sometime the boogers are hard to get out. it the only time they can see them self in the mirrorTo get the boogers out.i think it's a wierd reaction of being bored or somethingWatching you gave them the ideaHey atleast it's better than them doing it at a stoplight, instead of taking a hand off the wheel when they are driving! But that's nasty!Because their hungrybecause they are bored of waiting for the light to turn greenBecause they can....Becuase they know you are watchingThey would do it while they were driving but its hard to do when their head is up their butt.
buy a chilton manual.  it'll show you how to do it, and many other routine maintenance things.here is all the info on the heater core. . . REMOVAL . . . Remove instrument panel, refer to Body and Frame/Interior Trim/ Dash Board/Service and Repair/ See: Body and Frame&#92;Interior Trim&#92;Dashboard / Instrument Panel&#92;Service and Repair NOTE: If a heater core leak is suspected, the heater core must be leak tested before it is removed from the vehicle. . Drain coolant from radiator into a clean container. . Disconnect heater water hoses from heater core. Plug heater core tubes or blow any coolant from heater core with low pressure air..  .  .   .  . . . . . Remove four retaining screws and A/C electronic blend door actuator from A/C evaporator housing..  .  .   .  . . . . . Remove metal cover, disengage spring from heater core cover and remove spring from lever..  .  .   .  . . . . . Gently depress locking ramp and remove lever from secondary A/C air temperature control door end. NOTE: Do not attempt to bend any part of the lever. It is brittle and will break. . Rotate primary A/C air temperature control door shaft down, then swing metal link and remove from pin. . Remove three heater core cover retaining screws and remove heater core cover and heater core cover seal from A/C evaporator housing..  .  .   .  . . . . . Remove heater core and seal from A/C evaporator housing by pushing on heater core tubes.. INSTALLATION . . . Transfer foam core seal to new heater core. . Install heater core and foam core seal into A/C evaporator housing. . Position heater core cover and seal on A/C evaporator housing and install three retaining screws. . Install metal link over pin on primary A/C air temperature control door lever. . Install secondary A/C air temperature control door lever on metal link. . Install secondary A/C air temperature control door lever to secondary A/C air temperature control door end. . Engage spring to heater core cover and secondary A/C air temperature control door lever. . Install A/C electronic blend door actuator to A/C evaporator housing with four retaining screws. . Connect heater water hoses to heater core. . Fill radiator to correct level with previously removed coolant or specified mixture of coolant and water. . Install instrument panel, refer to Body and Frame/Interior Trim/ Dash Board/Service and Repair/ See: Body and Frame&#92;Interior Trim&#92;Dashboard / Instrument Panel&#92;Service and Repair . Check system for proper operation..  .  . . . . . .  . .  . © 2006 ALLDATA LLC. All rights reserved. . Terms of Usecrowbar??If you are mechanically inclined, you will need to drop the instrument panel to gain access to the plastic housing.  before you try to remove the core, you will need to diconnect the cooling lines from the core, located in the engine compartment.  it is about a 5 hour job in a shop.
Its not so much the faster speed as it is the fact that, when you are on the highway, you tend to cruise along at the same speed, with much less starting and stopping for traffic lights, pedestrians, other cars, etc.  That constant starting and stopping on city streets is what gives  you poor gas mileage.  When you are on the highway, there is less of that frequent acceleration from a full stop, so, you use less gas.Actually that is completly untrue. Cars get worse gas mileage at higher speeds, the higher the speed the worse it gets. But like everyone else said, it is because you dont have to keep acclerating and decerlrating, over and over. To prove you get worse mileage at high speeds get on the freeway and drive at 90 and see how long your tanks lasts. You get worse mileage because 1: The higher the speed the more work the engine has to do to keep it there(easier to maintain 5mph then 100mph) 2: The faster you go the more drag your vehicle produces(The pocket behind your vehicle that is created by driving is what sucks your car back, the faster you go the faster and harder that pocket will be filled(mainly with air) 3: The faster you go the more wind resistance you will encounter(open your windows at 20mph then do it at 100mph and tell me if the air is pushing harder).Its not necessarily the fact that your going faster that makes your car save gas. Its the fact that the engine is not having to work as hard to keep the car up to a certain speed. While you are in traffic you have to accelerate then slow down for stop light and other motorists. While you are on the highway and you are at a steady speed, the engine keeps one RPM so that in turn conserves gas.Most cars today have overdrive(OD on your gear sellector).overdrive usually kicks in about 55 miles per hour. This higher gear helps you get better milage. Using cruise controle at higher speeds will help also if this option is available on your vehicle.
Good question, my guess would be lack of demand, styling and believe it or not, fuel mileage reduction. With today's mandatory laws for miles per gallon, even the smallest areo dynamic upset will cause the mpg to be reduced.aerodynamics and theft prvention.Because nowdays, people use the air conditioner that comes with the car. But personally, I'd rather use the vent window, 'cause their is less noise, and the air conditioner is either too cold, or not cold enough. (I also like the feel of wind against my face!)Fashion and it's probably cheaper to make a vehical without them.Too many people were tossing their cigarette butts out of them
IF you don't want to risk damaging your car and plate, you should have a profressional remove the screw for you. I would at this point use a cut off wheel, but you have to be carfull not to damage anything else.How is the screw head behind the plate?  Does that mean you can take the plate off?. . If it wasn't on a car, I would say you could kind of cut it off or something.  Did you try to use pliers or something to that effect?i would try the penetrating oil , leave it set for awhile.If that doesn`t work, you may have to use bolt cutters to cut it off.There are tools that you can buy to remove something like that also,made just for this purpose.A sharpened chisel will have it off in five seconds.  Place the chisel tip at 90 degrees between the nut and bumper and strike the chisel with a good size hammer.  Do I need to say, "use eye protection"?try liquid wrench letting it settle in and then alternate between trying to first tighten , then loosen the pair. Sometimes it'll turn a 16th of a turn tighter and that breaks the "locked" mode then try loosening again. It's almost like your retapping the threads. . . Otherwise use a mototool/grinder and cut it off and replace with new ( do this anyway)Try yanking or bending the old license plate off without scratching the paint.this way later you'll be able to grab the screw with VISE GRIPS(on both sides if possible)and twist it off.keep soaking with WD-40  GOOD LUCK!!!
my dad told me this. since our phones contain radioactive waves or something like that and gas is very flammable, there may be a moment where the two clash and can cause a huge explosion or fire. when we open a car door and slide out of the seat we can also cause static, instigating a possible fire.LOL..... radioactive waves....... Oh my God.... I've heard it all....It sometimes can cause an explosion with the static caused by your cell phone signal, together with your static and the gas. But it is not required.I AM just wondering why you screwed up the american languageWatch mythbusters cos its just a myth. They filled a caravan with 20 phone and enough petrol to burn a small country, they the every phon at once.....nothing.. Myth busted!!!Well, according to the FCC..................It's because they could be a source of gas fume ignition if a tiny spark occurs. Same goes for grounded gas nozzles or turning off your ignition to prevent static electricity. By law, every electrical connections around gas pumps needs to be in an explosion proof box. So bottom line, is any electrical device should be turned off when fueling, including cell phones.. . P.S. Cindaay, not to be an editor but rather share knowledge, it's radio waves, and they do not clash with fumes :)
Try using a pickle fork between the upper and lower ball joints with a hammer.  Do the upper first then the lower and you should be fine.  Oh, and you can't just tap on it.  Enjoy!try cussing in chinese..works every time
He will use his kilt like a parachute and land safely. Then he'll climb back up cliff and kick your behind.ah geeze, another tough one. let's see, i'm gonna have to say the scottish person is now a dead person? what do ya say?you will have a dead scottish person?
Industrial vinegar. Not house vineger.  It is pure and cleans away all. harsh on the lungs. Do not drink it ,it is 100 % pure. house hold vinegar from the kitchen is diluted.muriatic acid--it'll burn ya, so wear rubber gloves and don't breathe the fumes--spritz on, scrub w/nylon brush, rinse liberallyaside from an SOS pad and alot of elbow grease? try getting some acid, many maintenance shops use acid to clean aluminum wheels, specifically on 18-wheelers for sure. but this acid should clean anything that is built up on the metal.  hope this helps
All you have to do is call and have a car added. As far as I know it can be done. I know that it can be done in North Carolina because I did it.Call your insurance agent, and tell him what you want to do. It's as simple as that.Almost all insurers offer multi-car discounts if you. have more than one car on your policy. Discuss it with your agent - it may save you money in the long run.call your local car insurance place and ask them if you can or try PROGRESSIVE.COM or AAA.COMYou don't.  One policy per car.  You can call the company and get another policy for another car.You can't. Each car has a separate policy. However, most insurance companies give "multi car" discounts.Easy.  Just call your agent and tell them you'd like to insure another car.   It won't necessarily be on the same policy, per se.  But it can still be on the same account and they can combine the premiums and divide it up so you can pay for both cars with just one payment.. You get a discount for having more than one car usually.  But better rate breaks can be had for having good credit, having a good driving record and for agreeing to also insure your home or apartment contents with the same company.  Ask about every discount you can.  You deserve it.the people who say you cant know nothing about insurance.  You simply call your company and tell them you want to add a second car to the policy and give them all the information. its that simple.i dont think so u can do it one policy for 2 carsjust call your insurance company and they will handle it all for you u will just have to tell them your information....and u can do this my family has 7 cars on the same policycall up the insurance guy and say add this car to my policy, and they will, of course you have to pay a little more.. . or just fax it, like I do, I don't want to talk to those people.u cant put 2 cars on 1 policy!get the policy made out for the individual rather than the car, that way no matter what car you drive you will be insured, at least i think thats the way it works here in the UKI have heard that direct line are doing an insure 2 cars policy but when I looked at their site I only saw 10% off. nowhere else I know of does it and you have to start from scratch with your no claims on the second vehicle.
Because if it were adjustable at the shoulder and for whatever reason the locking mechanism didn't work, you would fly into the dash.  I would much rather sliding onto the floor, then getting popped in the face with a 200MPH airbag.  Just my thought.The vertical position of the shoulder belt's attachment to the car body can be adjusted on some vehicles.because Americans are getting fatter waists, not shouldersI agree With JeffAV but also the increased miss use of the seat belt. That is the main reason. Also if it were at the shoulder, if you were to get in an accident your weight would move the adjustable part and throw you forward, possibly snapping your neck.Most seatbelts I've seen are adjustable at the shoulder as well as the waist.Most drivers side seatbelts are adjustable at the shoulder.  I wish more seatbelts were adjustable at the shoulder because I am short and the shoulder strap is always going across my neck.Because of heavyset people. Some are adjustable at the shoulder as well. I personally, do not beleave in sholder. straps as chest trauma from an accident killed my dad, sister, and sister n law all killed in auto accidents. Caused due to LOCKING MECHANISMS.....
on camry there is a yellow box in the trunk should be on left side that usually goes bad. its call a light failure sensor. when this it bad all light would work but idiot light in dash would come on.  as for your back up light check you neutral safety switch if its an automatic and your back up switch if its a standardcould be a bad switch in the transmission or just a bad wire test all the wires.
Or maybe a degreeing wheel for a cam ??are you sure its not a cam wheel if that's the case it sounds like its the toothed pulley on the end of the camshaft that the timing(cam) belt runs on
check the quality of the battery, the alternator, etc... if that checks out fine consider leaving the vehicle running when the audio system is on.  next line of defense could be a farad cap (which stores battery power until the bass hits hard) or I belive it's called a battery buddy that will cut off power to the amp(s) when the battery has just enough power to start the engine.  Hope it helps:-)you need a more powerful alternater....or your battery is shot. check both.Purchase a car audio capacitor.  They range from 60 to 300 dollars a peice.  1 farad should do.
You will need an indash install kit from Metra...I have a Malibu Maxx, same stereo as yours, but not too sure if you have the driver information center in your stereo (i.e. door ajar, gate open warnings, etc).  If you do, you will need a special kit that Metra makes, but will cost about 150 dollars.  This comes with everything you need, including a new harness to mate to the new head unit.try looking at forums or maybe goto the dealership and see if they have a book on it
Take it to a mechanic.. . Hey, you wanted the quickest, not the cheapest!take the car and have them checkedstart your car then remove the postive to the battery if the car kills its the alternater. if it doesnt its the battery that is bad.Start your car, once it is running, disconnect the + battery cable.  If the car stays running, the alternator is good.  If it does not, then the alternator is bad.Take your car to any Auto Zone or Advance Auto or similar parts store.  They have a tester that can be taken out to your vehicle and will test your charging system to determine which component is faulty.  May not be the quickest, but it beats guess work and paying a mechanic to do the exact same thing!!Start the car.  Disconnect the battery.  If the car dies, it's your alternator.  If it keeps running, it's your battery.if you're driving down the road and losing power, lights are dimming etc, you need to replace your alternator.. The battery only starts the vehicle. I believe someone else also mentioned, start your car then take the battery out. If it doesn't keep running, it's the alternator. Once the alternator goes out your car will pull power from the battery but since a battery is not self generating electricity to continue running, it will run out and die on you.Your car won't start?  If your battery is old, it might be the battery.  Otherwise it could be the alternator. If you cannot jump your car it might be something else.  You can take your car to a garage or to a large auto parts store and they can test your battery and your car's electronic system.  . . Note -- Don't let anyone tell you that it is your battery AND alternator.  It could happen, but its not likely.  The garage is probably trying to take you for a ride! (Its happned to me before, and my car still wouldn't start!)Car doesnt start, pretty good indicator.Try a different battery, one you know is good. You did ask the "quickest way." That's it.. . Thanks for the question.start your car and disconnect the battery. if the engine stops the alternator is bad. If it doesnt it s he batteryIf your car won't start, the battery or alternator is bad. Or you left your lights on. Or someone stole your battery or alternator. Or someone stole your battery and alternator.
disconnect fuelline at tank side of fuel filter and got to start car and this push it out or you can puncture itdepending on what type of car you have there might be a drain on the bottom of the tankSiphon it out.  Most auto stores sell hand pump siphons you can use :-)the best thing to do is to put a hose in the tank and suck until it starts to run out..dont drink any of the gas... this is called sciphoning..prolly not spelled right
Microdermabrasion is when small particles of sand or another material are propelled at a high speed out of a tube and onto a part of the body, usually the face.  It is done to remove wrinkles and scars on the surface of the skin, sort of like sanding.using fine little particles to rub the top layer of your skin off your faceWHY? are you hoping to rejuvinate the paint job on your car?. It wont work!!!!i think u got your answerFirst, it's microdermabrasion.  It's a skin exfoiliator that is done with tiny crystals.  Helps to make skin look soft, fresh and to give your skin an overall glow.Microdermabrasion isn't what you think it is most likely. It is a noninvasive procedure using a tube that has ground up diamonds that a person rubs along your skin and the tube has a vaccuum attached to it to pick up the dead skin it rubs off. It really isn't all its cracked up to be. I had it done 2 times for old hyperpigmentation. It didn't get rid of the dark spots, nor any of the blackheads that it claimed it would help. The only thing I did notice was my skin was a little smoother but that only lasted about 3 days. No change in skin color or anything. You are better off getting a chemical peel or something stronger then this. Anything like hyperpigmentation, blackheads, roscea, acne, or anything else that you believe this will help with most likely wont. Its basically like washing your face with sand....Not very effective.
You *need* to call the court immediately. After a period of time, there will be a warrant issued for your arrest. Trust me, it may sound like a minor offense for a warrant, but my ex girlfriend got a warrant out for her arrest for not paying a parking ticket.Call the phone nuber on the ticket, there is always a number so you can contact them.you could try paying the ticket the amount posted on it. Mail it to the address that's on the back. Interesting piece of info you may want to try, over pay the ticket by 10 dollars or so, when they send the difference back just throw it in a draw and forget it. This way the ticket is settled but not closed, the court will not notify your insurance because the case is not closed.If you have a failure to appear in traffic court and have missed a rescheduled court date there will be a bench warrant out for your arrest.  If you allow this to continue for too long with outstanding fine some states suspend your license.  All you have to do is contact the traffic court or clerks office of the courthouse you were to appear at and find out what to do.go to the magistrate in the municipality it was issued.
Its an AC Delco oil filter. Fits a 4.2 Jeep engine and othersWhat's this in reference to? Need a reference for an answer so you don't a BO69 response.a PF 46 sounds like a Fram oil filter.
My car is a vauxhall corsa, I get about 35 miles to a gallon.the car gets the same milage in any continent, in europe, there are a lot of funky small cars that surely get supreme gas milage, but its not because it's in europeeuro cars get shit mileage cuz everyone's going 75-80 mph.  but so do american cars cuz people drive with the check engine light on and don't take it for repair until they have to pass inspection.depends on the model and engine size, but approx 56 miles to the gallon ( englishgallon)It also depends on commuter driving and motorway driving. better efficiency figures are given for driving on the highway rather than in towns. A website for a european car manufacturer will usually give these fuel efficiency figures per model, alongwith a 'combined' figure that uses an average between the 'town' and 'motorway' driving miles per gallon.
nothing beats a motorcycle.  There's the freedom to go wherever you want, the individuality (unless you're riding a Harley like everyone else), and the value; a typical motorcycle should give you around 50-60 mpg and cost less than $8,000.  Much better than all of the alternatives.I like to travel by train as I can kick back and enjoy the everchangeing yiew of the countryside. I expesialy enjoy takeing the California Zephyr from Emoryville,CA to Chicago,IL VIA the Colorado Rockies.. . http://ghostdepot.com/rg/images/rolling/passenger/zephyr%20califonia%20passenger%20train%20c1960.jpg. . http://www.delargy.com/images/2004_7_Colorado/California%20Zephyr%20train%20view.JPGby carI prefer cars. Airplanes get there fast but are so cramped up and stifling. Motorcycles are fun to ride but not for traveling. You can't take your stuff with you. A car can stop anywhere and you can get out, walk around, whatever. Trains are okay, but limited in freedom of movement. After you arrive, you still don't have a car.by car..or boat..cause im scared of plane...i travel in cars and bikes and feetTrains are so nice, and as has been mentioned, because of the relative ease of travel and relaxation with the passing scenery.I like them all, however when it comes to car, I like the driving part, but not the stopping/standing part of a commute.  That part drives me insane!  LOLThe airplane is my favorite!train
The cost is pretty comparible. If you buy a good filter, oil etc... And you don't have to clean up' or get rid of the oil, filter.If you read your question carefully.........Then you just actually answered it.. . Your answer is in the question itself.. . By changing your oil and filter youself...you will save money by not letting other people do it that will charge you.Go to autozone. and get oil and a filter. put the car on jack stand or a lift and un bolt the plug put a pan under the engine and unbolt the plug and then the filter and lift up on the bumber alittle bit and drain the put new filter on making sure the old seal came off wit the filter and put alittle oil on the seal and hand tighten not too tight and don't cross thread the filter or the plug and put plug in hand tight with wrench. and fill oild to proper depth and run engine and check for leaks and recheck oil.Yes buy the oil you need and the oil filter.And then drain the oil and screw back in the plug replace oil and then replace oil filter.here's a link... It should help no matter what model car you have.. . http://www.siteskins.net/vulcanoilchange/As chad_mercure said, though I'd have to say walmart is pretty cheap on oil prices, get a 5 quart jug of say havoline for around 7 bucks I believe it still is, havolines a great oil. Skip fram oil filters, they are cheaply made and overpriced, go get a purolator, which can range from 2 to 5 bucks the last time I checked, or a napa gold/ wix which are a little better made and a little tad more. All in all you'll spend maybe 15 bucks, and you'll have the satisfaction you did it yourself, and did it right.... jiffy lube and other quiky lube places will be a little more, and hassle you over extras you don't need.... autozone or advance auto take the used oil.... I'd also get a oil drain pan, wally world sales a blitz one around 8 bucks. And on the plus side... jiffy lube can't screw your car over and not fix it.you'll end up spending 15-20 dollars on the supplies to do your own oil change. then there's the disposal fees. just pay some one to do it.get coupons that only cost 20$. its as cheap as doing it youself
The finger is pretty popular. ;) . . Seriously, how about using your turn signals, brake lights and horn?YEAH, when I'm driving, I reach over and grab her sn****!!. . Pretty effective comunicationthere are many ways like running people over or ramming people or there is the finger and the nasty facesi have heard of waving or flashing the lights of your car.alot of people in my state carry guns (some have licenses and alot don't)  i have heard many storys of road rage on the freeways and people getting shot at.   i don't believe in flipping people off, tailgating, or cutting someone off delibritely, you just never know if they would retaliate.. what i do, is just back off and calm down if somebody does something i don't like.. also, avoid eye contact with an agressive driver.. my mom says she just raises her hands to people and waves a back off signal if someone is to close.telepathyHow bout using sign language for the deaf?
trim package. limited= all wheel drive with all the options.usually a v8. Eddie Bauer- Some are all wheel drive  most of the options and a choice of v6 or v8.In a nutshell, Limited is the top of the line, then Eddie Bauer, then XLT, then XLS. I believe the XL is only a fleet vehicle not available for purchase by your or me. The Explorer Sport is the 2-door version.
Call the non emergency # for the local police department but I'm not sure they will give you the info. Also if you know anyone that works as a county or city dispatcher they might be able to help you.It depends on the motor vehicle registration laws in your state.  They vary from state to state.  Some states treat the data as private. Some, like mine, allow you access as long as you pay the $5 fee.  In my state, you show up at the DVS office with your fee and the application and they'll print off the data for you.  They used to do it online but had to take the system down because of a security hole.  They hope to have it back up soon.It's illegal in most/all states for a person to "run" a plate.  Even if you know someone with access they can't run it since they could face jail time unless it's in connection with an offical job function.Call your local DPS office.
you can apply but "the owner" has to sign it, I said "the owner".  If the vehicle is no longer in the system (they will tell you if it is) you can claim ownership.  You must state why you "lost" the title and state that the vehicle has not been parked, driven, or otherwise has not come in contact with public roads.you can't, the owner has to do it or if they are deceased whomever is in charge of the estateYou need to "Bond" the bike. The insurance Bond is for twice the value of the Bike/Vehicle. The Bond will be good for 3 years. You will be able to register the vehiclse yet you will not be able to sell it out of state for 3 years. Should an owner show up and say that the vehicle is his or the vehicle was stolen this is where the "Bond" will pay off. Also an insurance Bond is really cheap, one for $1500 cost me like $50.
OH  HELL NO!!!! (LOL) such a stupidCall a freight forwarder, preferrably in your area.  If you can't find one, there are always those in port citys such as LA, San Diego, Houston, etc.
fuel injected fords are famous for this.just remove the idle air control valve and clean it out with carb cleaner.TARQ-CONVEROTERYou don't state the age or other possible conditions of the vehicle.. .    It may be a fuel issue?.    Depending on the mileage you may need an inline fuel filter?.    Have your carbeurator or fule injection system checked. You may have clogs or the fuel mixture is either too rich or too lean?.    If you have comp chips/sensors in your vehicle one of them may be at fault?.    You may have a dirty air filter?.    Does the car run Hot?. .    See a mechanic.. . . Rev. StevenYour engine timing might need altering - if your tickover revs are too low.  Take to mechanic or ask a friend who knows a little about cars.  It's not a hard job to alter tickover revs.Check out the idle air control valve, clean it first, if their is still problems try replacing it.  Next I would do the same to the mass air flow sensor.
A large amount could be a leaking head gasket. Small amounts could be system condensation, not really a problem.If you mean its coming from your tailpipe, its because it has not heated up enough to keep the water in the form of steam.  Water vapor is produced during combustion.  Before your muffler and tailpipe heats up, the water condenses on the metal and drips out the end.the liquid you see is water, either from condensation , or produced as a by-product of effecient complete combustion
I would have to say The Santa Fe Railway is my favorite next Burlington Northern. I originally got into trains because my grandfather had a bedroom size Ho gauge train layout. He still has it but we haven't put it back up yet.Reading Railroad.  $200
Beetle has flat window super has rounded and more dash like all super beetles compared to bugs. While I'm at it, where's the master cylinder on a 74 bug or super? ~:)one is super and one isnt.
How can I modify the look and performance of my 1996 Dodge Grand Caravan SE?. . . Trade it in on a Porsche!Even though I don't get many people looking to "soup up" the minivan they do make an array of performance parts for it.  Most of which are pretty easy to install.  Check out this site.  It's where I get all my aftermarket parts.
disconnect - batt. cable, remove srs fuse, then disconnect yellow two wire connector under steering column. this wire harness will have warning tags on it.....but why?Why the HECK did you buy a Hyundai?There must some sort of switch, usualy, it's like a lock, and you se your car key to switch it on/off..  I saw in many cars with airbags, that the switch is placed on the side of the dashboard, and can only be accesible when you open the door, otherwise the door covers that portion of the dashboard..  I hope you cand understand smth from what i wrote :) and i hope i was of any help
The 3.8 is not a hemispherical engine. ford and gm both have made them but they just don't call it a hemi. That would be copyright infringement.DOLU IS RIGHT EXCEPT FOR THE GM&FORD PART,CHRYSLER GOT A BAD WRAP IN THE 70's.THEY WERE STARTING TO COME UP WITH THE ELECTROICS MOST CARS HAVE TODAY,BUTMECHANICS DID'NT KNOW HOW TO FIX?M SO THEY WOULD ELIMINATE STUFF THEN ADJUST STUFF,CHANGE STUFF SO THAT THE CAR WOULD RUN BUT IT WOULD NEVER BE  THE SAME.CHECK THE HISTORY BOOKS!HEMMI IS CHRYSLER ONLY.As far as I know.. no. The hemi sphereical combustion chamber is only in Chrysler V8s. Stick with GM and Ford though. They have the best stuff.
The best way to get out of any ticket is to check it over very carefully. If there is anything wrong on the ticket, most judges throw it out, as long as you don't say you are guilty of any crime. Just say you got this ticket and the information on it is incorrect- Maybe it's not meant for you? That happened to my mom, because the date she got the ticket(for speeding) on it was wrong.don't speed you clown. obvious aint itDon't speed, pretty easy isn't it.  You did it, pay for it.  Take some responsibility for your actionsGo to www.speedtrap.org.  There is lots of information there on fighting speeding ticket and how to avoid getting another one in the future.
In short, without all the details, drain coolant and oil. Then, remove anything blocking the front cover and then the front cover. Once that's off put the crankshaft pulley back on and turn the motor until the timing marks align. Then take off the tensioner and remove the belt. Reverse instructions to replace.carefully! get a service manual, and dont skip any steps
So many ways. Taller cam, bigger valves, better intake and exhaust. Blueprinting the motor is great. But nothing, and I mean nothing, beats a supercharger.You can always bore and stroke the motor.  That works good.The cheapest way, would be to install aftermarket exaust pipes and a jet kit.If you can't afford the method of what the other fellow told you try this. Get a really long rope about a half inch thick, Hemp not plastic.  Tie the rope around the front handlebars. Next find a Person that rides a Harley and have him pull you around..You will be in the Wind in No Time at all!!
Sounds like either the head gasket or the head itself has blown.  Gaskset is not so serious, but the head is.If you don't have to continually add coolant to the overflow tank, then it's probably just condensation which is normal. If you are losing antifreeze continually, and there's no obvious leaks anywhere, then a leaking head gasket may be a possibility.Are you sure it's antifreeze?  Or just condensation when it's cold?. . If it's antifreeze then you have a leaky head gasket.  bad news.Head gasket if it truly is antifreeze,otherwise it could be condensation from your engines exist. does your t-bird overheat, or have you had to fill it with antifreeze? if so it is defiantly a head gasket, cost anywhere between 500.00 and 1000.00 to have a repair facility fix, depending if they send out the heads to have them checked for cracks, warpage, ect...
Although water/water vapor is a product of combustion, actually the white "smoke" that leaves a trail from a plane in the sky does not necessarily come from the engines.  It is caused by the supercooled water vapor in the atmosphere at high altitudes being condensed into water (just like a cloud) because the airplane moving through the air has disturbed the supercooled water vapor and caused it to condense into water droplets.  Sometimes, you can actually see the white trails being formed from the wings of an airliner if you are sitting behind the wing and look out the window.  Clouds are also formed by water vapor condensing out of the air, in the case of the common puffy clouds which we often see (they are called cumulus clouds), they are usually formed by a surface on the ground such as an asphalt parking lot heating up and the warm mass of air rises until it reaches a cool enough air at altitude that the water vapor condenses out (just like the warm moist air in your bathroom condenses on the cool mirror and fogs it).It's water vapor.. . It's the same white smoke that comes out of your tailpipe when you turn on your car on a really cold day. A plane just produces who whole lot more of it. It happens depending on the temperature and other weather conditions.It is actually condensation of steam into . water droplets. The steam is a product of . fuel combustion.. . Why some planes and not others?. I would guess this is a function of . altitude and atmospheric conditions.
Flight attendants ask that the window shades are open during the critical phases of flight (take-off and landing) so if there's a problem (like an engine fire, etc.) and an evacuation is required, they can quickly glance outside and determine if an available emergency exit is blocked due to a fire or other source of danger.to see the out side world zoom in and out.Another reason (which really only applies to day flights) is that your eyes need to be adjusted to outside light levels as best as possible. If you had to evacuate suddenly, you don't want to be exiting from a relatively dark interior to be blinded by the light outside. It is this same reason (but in the opposite direction) why lights are dimmed for night take-offs. Again, if you need to evacuate quickly, going from a dark interior to a dark exterior means less time for eyes to adjust and a quicker/safer evacuation - that's the theory anyway.It really is so that if the passengers are in danger, they'll be able to see it immediately and act accordingly. If the windows were closed, you wouldn't know what was going on until the captain decided to tell you...and what if the microphone didn't work...So we can see if the wings have fallen off, or the engine on fire, or when we crash into the sea we can see all the fishes.Better Situational Awareness for passengers. and for the most part better lighting for day take offs and landings in case of a incident.
yea this could get tricky.  technically you cant cause  they are drl. that would be daytime running lights and are supposed to be a saftey feature. they stay on as long as the car is running so that when you are driving you are more visible to other drivers. my suggestion would be to install a switch so that you can turn the drl on or off.  take it to any place that does custom installs or even your dealer.  it should be a pretty cheap modification.on some European cars you can't. (Volvos for one) Its the law in some places because its overcast and foggy alot. I think in Canada too, your car may have begain it life there.pull up the e-brakeThe only way to turn off the DRL's without spending any money would be to pull up the parking brake (some people call it the emergency brake).  This turns off the DRL's.  It should be in your owner's manual.. . I have read where you can disable it, and make it like a normal headlight switch without spending any money.  It involves pushing the headlight button in and turning the knob counterclockwise.  From there, you have to put some electrical tape over one of the metal prongs (I forgot which one, because I don't own a VW anymore.) Then, just re-install the knob.  This is a 5 minute job.  . . If you wanna spend money... buy the Euro-version of the headlight switch that allows for DRL's to be turned off.  The price is reasonable... say $30 + shipping.  I could be wrong on the pricing, but when I wanted to buy one for my Jetta Wagon, that's what they were running.  There is a parts warehouse that I'd HIGHLY recommend for VW parts.  Here's the official link:  . . http://www.worldimpex.com/  . . Toll-Free:  1-800-736-3550. . This parts warehouse is THE place for VW parts.  Based on my past experiences with them when I owned my VW TDI Jetta Wagon, I endorse them.  Their service is A1 100% excellent.  . . You can find the disabling the DRL's articles from one of the sites mentioned below.  Try searching one of these sites below that I have listed.
A freeway is a devided highway, usually consists of four lanes (two each direction, one larger than the other). . usually found when you have people stopping in the sides of a highway" for shops or like in urban areas". . . Highway is a major road of 3 or more lanes for any kind of motor transport meanone is free, the other is high????A freeway has 2 or more lanes in each direction.. A freeway has a median or a divider/barrier between directions.. Freeways have enterance/exit ramps.. Freeways have no cross traffic/traffic lights/stop signs.... Interstates are always freeways with, I think, 2 exeptions.. . A highway is a major road with a state number.. Highways often have only 1 lane/direction.. Highways don't need a barrier between directions.. All freeways are highways, but not all highways are freeways.
Turn on the headlights and have someone see if they dim at all when you try to turn it over, if they don't , replace the starter. Also shifter might not be all the way in park, try neutral. Make sure the + cable is tight on starter terminal.First, remove and clean the battery cables and terminals. Then if it doesn't start, and your battery is over 4 years old, go buy a new battery. You'll need your old one to trade in on the new one. Install the new battery and be happy.It could be the starter, or the alternator. You can take them off of your car and bring them to Advance Auto, Napa, etc... and have them check it for you. It's probably not the battery, but if ever in doubt you can take it to be checked also. When you try to start it - don't turn the key all of the way and listen real close and if you can't hear a small humming noise then it's probably the alternator.fuel pump coil pac one of the twotest for voltage drop on batery, check for a loose ground to motor, shift to neutral to test neutral safety switch. see if headlights go out when you turn the starter or if they get dimm.
by checking the chassis and engine numbers and comparing them to original manufacturers codes.Sometimes the vin # can be changed so that is not the best way. To tell if a Nova is genuine look at all the body detail and engine detail they were orginals so they are very hard to copy. The transmission in Nova are the hardest to replica because of their detailed parts are complex to build.The VIN number do a title search or carfax report and check the codes on the trany and motor they are on a badge or stamped in the metal
there is a very small space between the piston and the cylinder (0.02-0.06mm). If you don't close this space, the pressure will run out from this space and the efficency will fall, so they fill it with rings. Besause of the pressure between the ring and cylinder there should be oil and they make some holes and standardize the size to avoid oil running to the burning space.There are several rings on a piston,some let oil go up the cylinder wall a ways,the top ones are to keep the oil down,so you do not burn oil. The oil needs to go up a distant as not to seize the piston.if the gaps to wide youll burn excessive oil and lose compression and end up replacing lots of parts prematurely trying to keep the car on the road if it passes smogThe rings ensure that there is a tight seal in the cylinder which is required for good combustion.
Time for a new "crate" motor. They are complete except for some small accessories, and very reasonable. See ads in automotive type magazines like HOT ROD etc.TIME FOR A BIG BLOCK, ON THE WIFE'S ACCOUNT..... THAT WILL LEARN HER QUICK.....It sounds like a bent push rod. However there may be more damage done to crankshaft, pistons, piston rings and valves. You'll have to pull it apart to find out.replace the motora lot of mechanics  use lucas products or restore cuz its like a rebulit engiene in a canYou might have empty the oil out of your lifters.  Sometimes when the oil level is allowed to go to low old lifters will be pumped dry.  Once they are collapsed they must be pumped back up or replaced with new ones.if u dont know how and why its knocking u shouldnt be fixing it urself dude cuz ul probably screw it upit has probably spun a rod bearing. if it has high mileage then you'll probably want to do a short block and have the heads reworked. if you can't do that then a crankshaft and bearings should do it but i would recomend removing the rod from the motor that spun the bearing and have it checked to make sure it is still round or you will have the same problem reoccur.. lucas oil treatment is not rebuild in a can. it does it's job by making the oil sticky so that it clings to parts betteryou might try some Luca's oil products first before tear down engine.Planned Parenthood is a good idea. Next time, use a rubber.You might be able to get by with Lucas, as everyone claims.  Depending on the damage, mileage, ect.  I go with a reman long block between $1400. and $2000. depending on where it is purchased.  They are a lot more reliable that trying to rebuild it yourself, unless you're a wrench by trade.need to rebuilt the engine or replace it.drive her till she dies. no point putting in a new or rebuilt motor, unless the body is in imaculate shape.
Don't disable it, use it as intended.  Many states require their use and they will protect you in case of an accident.Keep the seatbelt clicked in then sit on top of it.  You wont know it is even there.  Due to the airbag, your risk for fatal injury greatly goes up, but hey, we're becomming overpopulated anyways.Cannot be done safely, plus the seat belt sensor tells the SDM module whether or not you're buckled up, which can affect AIRBAG deployment decisions by the SDM itself. don't attempt to disable the system.I can't remember exactly how to do it BUT it is in the manual. It can be done. See if you can get ahold of the manual for your car.should be a plug under the drivers seatSimply pull the fuse... make sure you get the right one though.  You should have a manual to show you which one it is.I drive this car as my police car (as do thousands of others), and while I always wear my seatbelt, we simply have an extra buckle in the car for when we want to silence the idiot light.  This is useful when we are doing night approaches and don't have our lights or seatbelts on, and don't want that annoying 'binging' to give us away.  . . Just go to a local wrecker and buy another buckle.  Seatbelts themselves are not meant to be reused.Who says it's his car he's referring to?
I'll have to say shelby mustang from  your list. I DO find the enzo sexy, though.Shelby Mustang - Most Bang for the Buck.. The other ones are unaffordable to the average (or even above average) Joe and can't be driven everywhere and are prohibatively expensive to maintain and insure.. Performance wise, you can have damn near as much fun with the Shelby as you can with any of the other 3 cars, for much much much less money.  Look at it this way - If you bought the Bugatti, which is like 10 times as expensive as the Shelby, would you have 10 times as much fun?Shellby mustang would be my choice. It is a car I could afford......but I probably would not buy it.  I would always want to demonstrate how fast it could move, burn rubber, spin donuts, etc., and with that I probably would not be able to keep it.Switchfoot is a christian band listen to Only Hope. and i thinj it's ferrari cuz it's so expensive
Ask for it...They may show it to you BUT keep in mind this does NOT reflect the kick backs, incentives, etc. which the dealer gets back from the factory. So what's shown on the invoice and what they actually pay is quite differentYou should be able to find it at the link below. Just select the vehicle you're looking for and follow it through. They may not have the King Ranch but it'll give you an idea anyway.........it's free.
I am a pilot (not joking!) and the answer is close to the one proposed by xyzl.... . It's actually to accustom the passengers' eyes to the outside lighting conditions, so that they are better placed in the event of an evacuation.. . Nothing whatsoever to do with power consumption or circuits or anything like that!Because they're stupidStatistically, an accident is most likely to happen during those phases of flight. If the need for an emergency evacuation occurs dimming the lights makes it easier to clearly see outside conditions (fire, danger) as your eyes will be adjusted, plus there will be no glare of light off the windows on the inside.To see better the out side lights.i am a pilot joking but i did a resreach and found out they need alot of power taking off so they shut the ligths offThey want you to feel asleep while landing(so when crash landed, you shouldnt panic)I'm not positive but I think that all of the systems that come on during take-off and land require more power than the plane uses during flight.I am also not certain, like disillusioned, but I think it is for the same reason that its not good to drive a car at night with internal lights on.....namely, its easier for the driver (or pilot in this case) to see outside and see clearly in the dark from a darkened plane than it is from a lit plane.  If you think this doesn't make sense, try looking out into the dark at home from a lit room versus an unlit one.to see better outside and to give the pilots better chance when taking off and landing.not to breke the energy cicuit. lol
Click on this link to actually SEE the difference. Hope this helps. http://www.etrailer.com/Merchant2/merchant.mv?Screen=CTGY&Store_Code=E&Category_Code=5W. . BTW, rwerfelman, what you described as a gooseneck is commonly  known as a receiver hitch, it utilizes a drawbar to tow the trailer. Also sometimes called a Reese hitch, although this is a brand name.a gooseneck hitch is a plate that runs under the bed of your truck with the hitch sticking out of it, and a fifth wheel is like on a semi, with the circular plate that attatches a large trailerGooseneck:  something in a thin curved form (like the neck of a goose).  See the photos at http://www.bigtextrailers.com/class/Gooseneck_and_Pintle_Trailers.html. . Fifth wheel:  The 5th Wheel Trailer is designed to be affixed and towed by a pickup truck equipped with a special hitch in the truck bed. See the photo at http://www.gorving.ca/fifthwheel.asp  The 5th Wheel places a portion of the trailer/RV or whatever horizontally over the axle of the pickup to provide support and stability during turns.  A gooseneck just hooks to the pickup truck hitch.. . I'm not a mechanic, just a farm girl and based on my memory I think this is correct ... and seems to be from the pictures.A gooseneck is a 2 5/16" or 3" ball installed in the bed of the truck. There are fixed mounts, fold downs, and removable choices. These can tow up to 30,000lbs.(depending on the model chosen). A fifth wheel looks like what's on the back of a tractor trailer, but smaller. These are available in 15k, 16k, 20k, 22k, and 30k choices. Both are installed in the truck bed.Both parts of the same system. The 5th wheel is the part of the hitch that is on the truck - the gooseneck is the portion of the trailer that connects to the 5th wheel.i've never heard of a gooseneck. i know what a 3rd wheel is, but not a 5th wheel. my guess will be a fifth wheel is a 5th person in a group???gooseneck hitch is the hitch with a tounge on it that hooks up to the back of your truck or car. a fifth wheel is a cabin that comes directly off of the bed of a truckwow, the incredible ignorance of people in here amuses me. A 5th wheel pulls a trailer from the bed of the truck, it's bolted into the bed and into the sub frame. A goose neck is a receiver hitch coming from the back of the bed. You can tow more with a 5th wheel than a standard goose neck hitch.a goose neck is a large ball that mounts in the bed of your truck,and the gooseneck part of the trailer gets lowered down over that ball.a fifthwheel is the same device as they use to connect tractor trailers together i must add after seeing the responces,neither a gooseneck or fifth wheel hook up at the rear of the pull vehicle both are in the bed.a trailer that hooks up at the rear is a receiver hitch trailer
They can be made by using your cars VIN number (don't ask how I know this) or inside the cars door on the lock, there are serial numbers that they can use.  There may be other ways too!The locksmith can only copy a car key.  If you have lost your keys.. you need to find them.. or get new locks all together.They usually pop the glove box lock out, read the code on the barrel, consult a manufacturers manual and cut you a new key (~$70). The same code is also on the ignition lock but is more expensive because it's the ignition. They will start with the glove box lock because most keys work the ignition and the glove box.
Most older vehicles have a dipstick in the back of the engine compartment...leave the vehicle running in park or neutral to check it.  In the newer cars, a person can't just check the fluid; it has to be done by a mechanic.keep motor running if it's a automatic. dipstick should b close to fiewall pull out read it add if reads adddepends on the vehicle, some new vehicles dont even have the dipstick for the trans. if its an automatic leave it running in park till the vehicle is warm pul out the stick clean it reinsert it then remove it see where it is on the stick ( handle should be red, but not always). if its a manual then there will be a fill plug on the side of the trans remove it if anything runs out put the plug back in if none comes out then pu some in till is does. most automatics take dextron fluid, most manuals take 90 w gear oil. i would check with a parts store to get the correct fluid. and if there is no dipstick on an automatic, take it to the dealermanual or stick shift we need more info
The reference voltage for the Electronic Coolant Temperature (ECT) sensor is 5 volts. The Voltage at the sensor for the gauge on the dash is also 5 volts. This applies to all engines in that year model. I assume you have a 5.7 or 7.4 Gas, or 6.5 Diesel.check the GMC Website or autozone.
Minor= Spark Plugs, fuel filter/air filter.... Major= plugs, wires, fuel filter, air filter, clean or replace PCV valve, clean throttle body or carburetor, flush fuel injectors if applicable. Possibly flush transmission, etc..What is the difference between a MAJOR tune up and a MINOR tune up? . . About 350 bucks!Here it is.. A big word of advice.Don't let this guy see how how much money is in your wallet.Then it may become a major tune up.Dress poorly and you will probebly get away with a minor tune up.FROM A CLASS A AUTO TECH.Back in the 50's and 60's, when leaded fuel was still used, cars required tuneups and oil changes a LOT more often. . . The leaded fuel was hard on plugs, and the breaker points didn't last long either. So a "minor" tune up back then was . "points and plugs". . A major tune was air filter, fuel filter, points, plugs, plug wires, cap, rotor, carb adjustment, and set timing.. . Today, lots of those items can be eliminated, but you get the idea right??. . P.S.   You got THAT right, BR
get in touch with the loans company to work out a new payment scheme, not to worry they wont' eat you, however you may also have to pay some penalties. another option is to get in touch with a lawyer,no notice ? that may be iiligal.first go to whomever had your loan and try to work with them. You can inform them of your not receiving a notice.  They  own the vehicle and they can help. It will help your credit to work with them.get ready to not be able to get a car loan,  and if you do be ready for 20% + interest rates for quite some time because you just wrecked your credit.  (unless of course it was a buy here pay here lot, then just forget about it.  is was probably junk anyway!!)
There should be a pulley wheel that you pry up to loosen the belt. Better get a repair manual to guide you. (Available at auto parts stores)Look it up at Autozone.com   They have a diagram and everything
You need to take it to a Honda dealer.get in put the key in the ignition. turn it to the accessory position and hold the lock & unlock  button down for 7 seconds  the search signal is now inguaged the car will search for the new key  press lock / unock back and forth repedidly door lock mechanism should sound  now turn key back to off position try your new key.. no results .. repeat . honda takes a couple of trys sometimes
Ambulances need to get places fast. They need all other less prioritized vehicle to move out of the way.. That's why they print the 'ambulance' backward to make the other vehicle in front of it can read it faster on their mirror.. . But it is only applied on the front part on the ambulances, while the other part, side and rear part, the characters are written normally.Coz when U see An Ambulance comin' behind u through ur mirror while driving u c it correctIt is so you can see it the proper way in your rear view mirror and move out of the way.So you can see it in your rear view mirror when it's behind you.
If you don't know enough to not buy a Saturn, you deserve for it to be loud.If you want to do it right then take out the interior of your car(just the seats middle consol and carpet) then put in something like HUSHMATT OR DYNOMAT and I guarentee you will not hear any outside noise after that,its not easy to do but it is how the pros do it.The more bad-weather rated your tires are, the noisier they are.  Buy quieter tires.  (Stay off the road in snow and ice.)turn up the radioCheck if your getting wind noise through the door and window seals. If you are, replace the seals. If it's drivetrain noise your hearing, and your somewhat mechanicly inclined, you can remove the carpet, and add another sound deadening pad to the floorboards. Just be advised, Saturns are loud cars to begin with, so don't set yourself unreasonable expectations. It will never be as quiet as a Cadillac.turn off your ampIf it is loud on the freeway, is it tire noise you hear or engine.. . Tire noise: New tires with a less agressive tread. . Engine:  Have the muffler looked at before you buy.. . Too much noise may mean that this car has led a pretty rough life and you may want to keep looking before you buy.turn off the engine and cruse
RTFBread the directionsFollow the step-by-step instructions! U can't go wrong there! And if u still have trouble ask a "pro" ,yo!!!!in order to replace a factory speaker with an identical speaker all you have to do is remove the speaker trim panel.  unscrew the speaker from it's mount.  unplug the harness at the back, then replace the speaker with the new one.  . . if you are adding a subwoofer, you will have run a signal cable from your head unit to an amp.  then you will connect speaker wire from the amp to the positive and negative terminals of your speaker.it all depends on the kind the one on the dash , the one on the door,under backglass or if it is a sub.
apply the paint with a paint brush.Call the PAINT MONSTER over to drool all over your car. He charges very cheap. =DTake it to Macco.car-fullyWith paint.Earl Scheib mean anything to you?Painting machineGet a bunch of spray cans in your chosen color and a case of Milwaukee's Best. Go to your local trailer park and get some guy in a wife beater shirt to show you.http://www.carcraft.com/howto/24820/take it to a paintertry the brushand brushYou need to wash the car thoroughly with soap and water,then wipe it down with a paint thinner to remove any wax or road tar, then sand with 400 grit wet/dry sand paper.rewash and wipe down,use a tac rag to make sure all dust is removed. You will need an air compressor and paint gun. I suggest you use enamle paint (it will cover laquers and enamels) to use laquer you will need make sure you don't have enamel paint already on your car(laquer is much hotter and may make enamel bubble if painted over).Next mix your primer and shoot with smooth strokes,sand with 600 mix paint and shoot,top to bottom to avoid runs, if you do get runs sand with 600 then buff.Try some commen sence
Because everyone stops right up against the car in front, but when you start driving, you don't want to drive that closely so you have to wait until the car in front of you moves up a little before you start to go.. . They all start at pretty much the same time in car racing, but they're better at extreme tailgating!!If you pay attention, you will see what Marian says is true. . (she's smarter than you)
8 parts paint. 8 parts reducer. 1 part hardner. . or if catalyzed urethane. . 8 parts paint. 8 parts catalyst. 1 part reducer. . It should say on the can how to mix.Depending on the type of paint. If it was cups of material it would be One cup paint, one cup thinner and 1/8 cup of hardener. Hardener amount would be 1 oz. or 2 table spoons.
You'll have to open it and dry it out, then when you put it back together, make sure it is properly sealed so it won't happen again.Take the bulb out and insert a modified WetVac hose and suck the water out. Or take the lens cover off.Didn't say what car. But I had same thing on my Camaro, and I drilled a small hole at very bottom, let drain and air blow dried through bulb hole. ~:)zDrill hole at bottom to let water drain.  Take light bulb socket out and if possible, insert a clean dry cloth to dry the inside.  Check to find where the condensation is getting in through, probably along the seal of the cover to the backing and reseal it.  Reseal the drilled hole.
Guess it will be inside a protective casing or something with special permission and a lot of extinguishers at ready.. Hmmmm probably some firemen too accompanying it? You know, just in case.... . .:Fishie:.the flame is put inside of a lantern and it is carried that way.
Oxy Clean.. . Try it in an area where it won't be noticed if the dye of the seat fabric comes out. This should work for you though.The best product to use is RESOLVE carpet cleaner. It will remove tough stains. Test Resolve in an area of you seats that will be less noticeable in case it fades the seat color first.Rent a steam cleaner. I rent one twice a year to keep my interior in tip top shape. They work. You can rent one at your local grocery or hardware store.You might want to try Rit Dye Remover before you do anything else, as it is fabric dye. Anything else might set the stain in. (and do try it on an inconspicuous area first- we don't want it to take the ivory off as well) And tell your friend to wash her clothes before wearing them! If the dye runs, use vinegar in the water to set the dye.
1 bolt will be hard to get out, use an open end wrench and break it free and then spin it loose w/ your fingers till it hits the back of the pully - you dont need to take the pully off first- but you will have to after. the pump is easyest to take off from underneath. then you will need a puller to get the pully off ~$12-15 and all you need is to open the new box and it should have a bolt and washer in it to put the pully back on.im pretty sure youll need a special tool kit called a pulley puller kit itll also push the pulley back on. keep going until its flush with the shaft (you can buy the kit for 20-50 bucks on discount tool sites make sure the kit you buy works on your car) i believe you can also rent them from auto zone or advance auto. itll have instructions in it. youll need it because you cant get the bolts out without pulling the pulley off first
It's located on the oil pan on the bottom of the engine. It is a 13mm drain plug. Use a 13mm wrench.Altho' not familiar with the ML's, most MB's are designed to have the oil sucked out via the dipstick tube.  The Dealer uses a vacuum system for that purpose.  Us DIY-ers use what is called a Topsider. It's a vacuum system used by boaters since most can't get to the bottom of their engines.Check the oil pan, that is were the oil is store, the drain plug should be somewhere around it.
the clicking noise it makes.Probably the first signs are harsh or slow shifting.. . Useful physical clues would include an examination of the transmission plug for metal filings.stars to slip or not want to pull takes a lond time to get into gear check the fluid if it looks black it's not a good sign.When my transmission gave out my car started to shake at stops. I have an automatic, when my transmission gave out it started to roll back a lot, for a while it actually started looking like a stick!  It'll take a while for your car to pick up speed even though it feels like you're flooring it.
I am not familair with that particular vehicle but on most cars, If you look under the car, you will see a hard line from the fron to one of the rear tires, on that line is an adjustment clamp that you can turn to tighten or loosen the brake.My advice would be to trace the handbrake cables from your rear calipers forward, they should meet at a point close to where your hand brake is under the car or in some cases they might go into the car in which case remove any plastic surroundings from around your handbrake inside the car and it should be there. Good Luck
The message is there for a reason.  Don't be one of those lazy people that drive aroud with the check engin light on.  Change your oil, the light goes off, your car last longer.  Duh!Change the oil?Disconnect the battery for about a half hour, then reconnect it. it resets the system.change the oil and if you have done that already, it should have been reset when the oil was changed. i think in the fuses area, there is a way to reset it and get that annoying change oil light to go off. you may want to just wait til your next oil change and ask about it or you can call your local mechanic place.Press info button until oil life 0% shows. Press reset button. Turn key off than back on. Light should be off.look in the owners manuel  probaly use the radio too reset it good luck or ask at parts store they will tell ya how
Leasing a car is essentailly like renting it over a long period of time (3,4,5 years). You don't own the car and at the end of the term you can either buy out the vehicle, or walk awayI agree with that answer.  Just be careful because there are mileage limits on a leased car and from what I understand, you may have a penalty payment of so many cents or even dollars a mile over the amount specified in the lease terms.Leasing is the best and only way to get a car today...and as the price of cars go up and how they are changing so quick as far as MPG and so on, it let's you keep up to date. Just the tax advantage alone...pay as you go...I live in Cal. and at 7.75% sales tax that adds up to a lot of cash...most of your down payment on a buy. And as far as driving more miles than your lease allows...that could be the best part...yes you'll pay for over miles...but don't you also pay if you own it? A lease puts a cap on the mileage charge...if you own it...who's to say? .  And all the people who own a SUV right now and can't afford the gas anymore...go to try and trade it off or sell it and find out that they "OWE" way more than it's worth...they financed it 60mo and here it is two or three years later and their stuck! On a lease they would be able to walk away with a lot more money in their pocket than on the buy there stuck in...neither example does the person OWN the car...just on the buy that person OWNS the inequity!.  I'll bet anyone if you look at where you could end up in 3 years on a lease VS. a buy you'll always be better off in a SHORT term lease VS. a LONG term buy...oh then then there is the cash buyer...don't even get me started...lol...hope this helps!
sand all the rust out.  Weld a new panel in.  Fill with bondo and sand til flush.  Paint.If it has not rusted out then you sand it down to metal. Before you prime it there is a liquid that you put on it to stop the rust from coming back but I can not think of the name. Sorry - but check on it cause it works real well.If it is small, just sand it, put some patch (bondo) on it, and sand it until it looks flat, then paint it and apply a clear coat layer to protect it in the future.
I don't know why you would want too. One way is buying either air struts or air shocks. I'm not sure what you on that car but that would be the easiest. Call mechanic you and trust to if there is a application for your vehicle.lift it up with the tip of your finger. that's iti don't know (do not get mad but, i did it for points and i have 20 points)
Its because of your beleif...to some earthly luxury pleases them. To others, its a waste and futile exercise. Not all man are created equal,,,I am not impressed by the Luxury Cars.  I am impressed by how the people with so much money waste it on them.I agree thats why I have a Hybrid.What you do with your money is your business, as is what I do with mine. If I chose to feed the homeless, or buy a Lincoln or Cadillac, or both, it's my money, and it's a free country.Better cars, are better to drive with. Better cars are relatively more expensive, but with the extra expenses, you get a much safer and reliable car.. . I think to say that driving a more expensive car shows that you are not helping the poor, is really a sweeping statement with no grounds.. . There are many philanthropists who have flash cars.keep that up & you'll be a buddist monk soon. did you grow your own food? did you hunt for meat? the house you live in, the clothes you wear, the market where you buy all that nicely packaged food you eat are all luxuries. . if you want to change the world for the better, start with your own world!As someone who drives an infinti qx4 i have to say it is because i can.
use ammoniaYou could try Goo Gone it works well with getting hard to get stuff off and it has an orange smell so it doesn't gag you out. My Dad swears by WD40 he said there are only two tools a man needs WD40 and duct tape.If you go to an auto parts store they have a product called Meguiar's Back to Black. its a product that will take that residue off and not harm the parts. It works pretty good. It may also take a few applications to get all residue off depending on how heavy the wax was put on the part.The best thing I have found to remove almost any thing  off of anything is...WD-40,  Get you a can and read the label and you will see what I mean,  I have been using it for over 40yrs!
The only thing you need to build a plain box for some subs is a sheet or two of mdf or particle board,gorilla glue to seal it real good,insulation or pillow badding, screws,and a saw.Then measure the wood to be a rectangle or to fit wear ever you are putting it then cut it,then clean the edges,put the gorilla glue on the edges that will be screwed, then put some screws in the right place(3-4 inches apart)Use a circular saw to cut the holes for your speakers and put the speakers in and you ready to bump.If you want you can put carpet on the box but it is not necessary.If you need more help on hoe big to build it or anything else feel free to e-mail me and I will be more then willing to help.snowmogoer@yahoo.comThe first link expalins it step by step:. . Just remember to ALWAYS follow the air space requirements for your speaker given by the manufactuer or it will not sound good.. . The second link has calculators that will help you figure out how big to make your box to get the right airspace that your woofer wants.In my experience, it usually ends up being about the same price to buy one. Once you buy the MDF, carpet, plexiglass (for a bandpass box), etc, the $30-40 you've spent would probably have bought you a decent cheap box that you can throw your subs in.You don't just build a box.Many ingrediants go into the design.Ported sealed what you looking for,punch or boom.I like a good balance,I can feel like a 5000 lb er...How much power you got?What kind of ohms?Talk to a stereo doctor near you.
Try doing a Google search for "owners manual for 1995 Buick century", (with quotes).Try your local library.  Look for Chilton, Haynes, or Mitchell Auto Repair manuals.
Honda takes a smart approach to optional equipment on their cars. Instead of driving customers crazy with lots of individual options, they group them together in three (or more) trim levels. So, a DX has the basic stuff only, an LX has a little more equipment/options, and most EX's are loaded.Dx has basic crank windows, no power anything, sometimes no a/c, standard transmission, black mirrors. Lx is a four door so you can't get it in a coupe, but it has power options (windows, mirrors, locks) and a tachometer, and usually comes in an automatic tranny.. Ex comes with the same options as LX plus sunroof, CD player (sometimes) and Anti-Lock brakes(only on 4 door). Hope that helps
On the inside on the door there is a plastic cover over the screws.... pop that cover off with a screw driver and you'll see the screws... when your done just snap the cover back on.... very easy. . . Assuming your talking about the side mirror.door? there should be a small trim piece inside remove it and the unbolt the mirror. Windshield razor scraper
I am betting that some dirt/debris has gotten into the space around the locking mechanism (maybe inside the door), and is preventing the locks form opening/closing all the way. Hav eyou had the door panel off for any reason...like maybe changing stereo speakers? Good LuckThere is a problem with your alarm. kiss u.
When you hotwired it where did you hook the the wire? Depending on where you tied in the wire it maybe hooked to something that only has power while the vehicle is running. If that is the case you need to wire it to something that is hot when the key in on (not running).You need to check you fuel pressure, you should have at least 12 psi with the fuel pump running, and shouold hold when the fuel pump is not running. If you have good fuel you need to check injector pulse with, you can do this with a test light. With the key on one of the terminals should light the light when conceted to ground. If that is good next connect the test light to positive and the other terminal and crank the engine, the test light should flash.Here it is.. Sounds to me like the fuel pump is not maintaining line pressure when sitting for some time.There is a check valve in the pump that is to hold line pressure and it may be bleeding off.Also check to see if you have any small fuel line leak that would cause the system to take in air and cause an initial prime problem.Good luck.FROM A CLASS A AUTO TECH.
When someone runs your credit, you lose 4 points from the agency they use.  When several people pull your credit within a set number of days, it is assumed that you are shopping and you lose only 1 point for each search after the first one.  So if, in one day, 6 companies pull your credit from Equifax, you will lose 9 points from your Equifax score.The inquiries should not bring down your score.This reminds me of what just happened to me. As several insurance companies weigh a factor into a policy's cost related to the credit rating of the insured, they make a credit inquiry. Any time any credit inquiry is made on you it is a minor "Blemish" on your credit score. Many credit inquiries or recently opened accounts can be a major credit rating buster. If they ran an inquiry, and you were shopping for insurance, it is possible that several inquiries were run .This caused the temporary and minor diminish in your credit score.Any inquiry into your credit history will cause your credit to decrease.  Sometimes as much as 15 points!  The best way to handle this is to do your homework before you let investors or insurance agents check your credit.  Knowing that your credit score is affected by simple inquirys just means you have to be a little more on top of things in the credit world.  It is supposed to be designed so that wise decisions will cause it to go up, bad ones to go down.  Which is why it is so important to put a stop to random credit checks by people you don't know.  I would sign up for something like credit inform or something else through your bank.  It's just smart in today's world of identity theft and us little guys fighting for a piece of the big pie.  Just remember there a number of factors that increase your credit just as there a number of factors that decrease it.  Get some info on the subject and make the decisions to increase it and you should have no problem in the future.  It takes work, but it can happen.Why are they checking your credit? If you have alot of credit checks in a row, most loan officers understand what you are doing and do not count that against you. Of cours,e if you have shitty credit, nothing will help you.
Hope this helps:. http://www.autozone.com/servlet/UiBroker?ForwardPage=/az/cds/en_us/0900823d/80/0b/a1/f7/0900823d800ba1f7.jspRemove lower dashboard panels, bulbs are accessible from below. A skinny arm and an inspection mirror may come in handy.
A Dealer License would be from your state's DMV. I don't believe there's a test involved, just quite a bit of money, I'm sure. Use Yahoo to find your state's DMV's website, which will have a search feature on it.What State, just take a test, pay some money in most DMV
synthetic oil is man made oil. I use it an swear by it.Synthetic oil is supposed to be a little slicker, and more resistant to high heat. It costs about FOUR times as much as petro oil, and most experts say it's not worth the extra expense. Of course, those who SELL it will SWEAR that it's the greatest invention on earth. Change your regular oil regularly, and you'll get 200,000 miles out of your car. MOST people sell the dang thing WAY before it reaches that many miles ANYWAY!!both are petroleum based...synthetic is an engineered molecule while regular oil is just a component of crude. unless you are towing in very hot weather or dealing with extreme cold it's not really necessary
not reccomended. one can op left channel,the other on the right.so,amps can run parralel,but not in series.. or one for rear,one for front if different output levels. this last ex. is the most common.their outputs must not contact,or equipment &/or car Will be damaged.Correct.  Audio amps only accept low-power inputs.  If you tried to run the output of one amp into the input of another, it would just blow the input stage of the second amp.. .      You could wire two output stages together, but unless they are exactly alike electrically, the signal from each would be out of phase with the other, and it would sound like an echo.  Your best bet is to use one amp to run every two speakers, in order to maximize its usefulness.
well i have a 2000 sierra i didnt disassemble any thing but where i needed to get to the wires in the back for an amp the wires run under the door sill plate on the drivers side . but if you need to go more in to it i would start at the speaker and work forward towards the head unitif your trying to get directly to the speaker wires ur probably looking to take off door panels and disassembling the dash.
Because there are too few alternatives.Both the 91 Freeway and Interstate 15 have two issues:. 1) They are both major commuting routes for the large number of people who have moved out of the Los Angeles basin into the Inland Empire and High Desert.. 2) Both of them go through choke points where there are few alternate routes: the 91 in the Corona area and the 15 in the Cajon pass.Because  to many people moved east for cheaper homes and commute west every stinking morning and east every stinking afternoon !~:)=I dont know maybe becoz they want you to hate it so much coz ur da frwy HATER.
of course, any increase in tax will definitely affect the people. Prices of commodities are increasing at the same time and majority of the Philippines belong to the poor. Everyone needs money to live. Increasing motor tax is definitely more burden for the Filipino people.ideally it increases the quality of your roads and other infrastructures due to the influx of money.  It will also slightly increase the value of used motorcycles.It makes us burn more money in gasoline and other expenses related to vehicles.not at all......coz there r many smuggled motor for sale in lower prices in d philippines.......try at subicbay port....or u can even buy from carnappers........
You have to go through dealer, Call your local some only need your VIN #, Some need the Switch key goes in .yes you just contact your dealer and hopefully you will get an other oneif it has the chip in it you will need to go to your local dealer .You will need to take your other key with you so they can read the chip and see what kind you have as there are diffrent chips,Will cost at least $45.00.My mother has s Regal and had to go through this too. You have to go to the dealership and get another one made. Since it has the memory chip it is bloody expensive but it is handy to get.Go to dealer, if you have another key, bring with so they could read the chip. If you don't have another key then you need to bring proof that the car is your and ID. You might also need the new key programmed to the car (I can't remember for sure). good luck. Jammy275 15+ GM tech, ASE master tech, and former automotive teacher
almost all airlines have flights to UAE....and Almost all of them have transits at the airport. i bet KLM, Air france, luftahansa,....etc have flightsThe Dubai, U.A.E. airport website has arrivals & departures online. Here are the airlines listed:. . Emirates. Royal Brunei . Lufthansa. KLM. British Airways. Cathay Pacific. Air France. Ethiopian. Finnair. Singapore. Ariana Afghan. Olympic. Hongkong Dragon
You did not give the year of your bike? At any rate if its a 90's model on the right side (Brake Side) in front of the rear tire on the frame is a black tube with a silver colored plug in it, the plug is held to the frame by a tab lift the tab up pull the tube from the frame, unscrew the hose clamp and pull the plug from the hose, after the oil starts flowing take your oil cap off and it will flow faster..If you have a 2000 ish then same location but the oil plug is screwed into the frame in the same general area,its a bolt, remember to use a new o-ring and thread tape when replaceing it...also change your oil filter at the same time..DUH.. A suggestion if you are interested in doing some minor service to your bike purchase a service manual from amazon ( get a used on and save a couple bucks) good luck. Almost forgot whne you put the silver plug back into the tube and mount it back to the frame, make sure you put the frame tab over the silver plug not on the hose or it will wear through the rubber tube.i always take mine to a service man. i have seen him unscrew something from under the bike and drain out the oil. then he puts the plug back in and pours the oil in at the top where you check the oil
you put you foot on the clutch and shift grear .you can hear when it needs to be shifted the engine has a certain sound .good luck alot of people have trouble.aslo get a feel for your clutch as they are all diff.Let off the gas, push in the clutch, change the gear, ease back into the gas pedal.You're serious? First you have to master some Arabic- 1-2-3-4-5 will get you started- now look on the shift knob-oh-did I mention the clutch? This is one better done WITHOUT a book-find somebody with a LOT of patience.Driving a vehicle is a serious matter. Without proper training, accident may happen. If you are not familiar with driving a car with manual transmission, get help. Be trained by experienced persons, not only by asking question and follow instruction on paper alone. . . Experienced drivers can hear the sound of engine running smoothly or not to shift the gear, or they can feel the way the vehicle running to shift the gear. If you up shift too soon, the engine may be overloaded, run fluctuating or die. If you wait too long to shift, the engine have to work hard for the speed (to slow down your vehicle unnecessarily), and waste gas.. . Memorize all positions of the gears because your eyes must be on the road all the time. Few seconds your eyes off the road to shift the gear can cause an accident.. . I got an accident while I taught myselt to drive a car with a manual transmission. I disengaged the clutch and looked down the stick to move it into the 1st shift (because I did not memorize gear positions). My eyes was off the road, the car then moved slowly forward and hit a vehicle infront of it.  I was scared and slammed the brake pedal immediately. Unfortunately, my foot was on the gas pedal. The engine roared, and then died.. . The biggest challenge for a new learner on a manual transmission is when the vehicle begins to move. After the clutch was disengaged, and the first gear was shifted, some trainees have been advised to release the clutch pedal slowly and to increase the engine’s speed a little. The vehicle then starts to move. The engine may die or run fluctuating by that moment. The procedure works well on some vehicles but not on the others. This is the best way (to me):  After shifting in the first gear, increase the engine speed a little. Release the clutch pedal slowly until the vehicle start moving. Hold the clutch pedal in this position for about 15 seconds so the engine can survive that critical period. After the vehicle have been moving for15 seconds, slowly release the clutch pedal.1 Press clutch pedal and release gas pedal.. 2 Shift up a gear.. 3 Release clutch pedal while pressing on gas pedal.. . These steps need to be done smoothly and with co-ordination, after a while changing gear becomes second nature.. . Like somone has already said its best to get proper training from an experienced instructor.
You should drive (if it still runs) the car to the junkyard. If it does not run, they will come pick you up. Take the money they give you and put it towards a better car than an 86 Chevette. A bicycle would be a step up.i gave up on chevettes in 84.however if you have never done this before, i can't think of a better test run.tain't too hard to do and if you screw up,no harm.get a chiltons and follow it.pro help would be taking the head to a machine shop and make sure it ain't cracked,warped,valve stem guides wore,or valve seats burned.best wishes and good luck.nice car, you have an easy job you can do it in a weekend.. . get a tourque wrench and an ARP head bolt set. . buy a haynes manual from any part store and be ready to get dirty. . now heres the scoop you may want more power and new Heads will do just that. and headers ceramic coating is a must. Nwe heads might call for a new cam. may as well replace the timing chain dual roller sprocket. . . Sorry got into a compleate engine rebuild which may be a good idea. . but new head gaskets,  deep but nothings really hard, BUT you MUST buy a HAYNES MANUELHonestly, take bills advice. Find out how much it will cost you for parts, and figure your time to be worth at least 15 dollars per hour. If you come up with more than a couple hundred dollars, you are spending more than the car is worth. AND you will probably find that messing around under the hood will open up a can of worms, so to speak. I mean that wire connectors barely hanging on will break such will hoses and on and on. Junkyard is the best.It's not hard, just a lot of disassembly. It's not something you can do quickly, either.  It's probably a one or two day project if you've never done anything like that.  I've done it a couple of times.  In a nutshell, you have to remove the cylinder head and remove and replace the old gasket.  There's a lot of parts in the way, so that's where all the taking apart comes in.How do you know it's a head gasket? It's just the start of worse thing to come. Repair the top end and the bottom will play out. Drive her till she dies then get another. Learn to mechanic when it is worth your time.~:)
www.alldata.com and subscribe the diy manual for $20 a yearBefore you replace Ranger rear window, consider replacing with a sliding rear window available at most auto part stores. It comes with instructions and is alot less $ than original glass, plus you get added ventilation.trade it in for a mopar!I also use the alldatadiy.com subscription. It is wellll worth the money.Is it a slider or full glass??  I would suggest taking to a glass repair shop.  They can do it usually for a few $$ more than what it will cost you to buy it.  Also if you do not properly install the window it can weaken the structure of your vehicle!!
A steamer is the best way to do it cleanly, if you have access to one. Or, spray the glass down w/ Simple Green leave it sit in the sun for a couple of hours. Works at our tint shop!Try peeling back and cutting off a corner of the tint first so you can still drive if necessary. Then try different solvents or soap to dissolve the adhesive. Once you find something that works, peel the tint from the entire windshield. It should just peel off, but it may come off in many small pieces and it will leave the adhesive on the window. I have found that a solution of Joy Concentrated Dishwashing liquid and water works best to dissolve the adhesive. Use a strong solution and keep it wet. Try applying the solution with a spray bottle, let it sit for a few seconds and use a razor blade to scratch it off.fingernails,... to peel it off.. Ammonia and water,... to dissolve the adhesive. and. a razor blade to help speed up the removal.
go to the junk yard, check ebay, and swap meets for the parts you need. Then once you get the parts put them on.Change tranny, change pedal assembly, add clutch master cylinder and slave clyinder, change computer, change drive axles, change wiring harness, and probably a bit more stuff.. . Should take about a week of hard work for a novice, and possibly a couple of grand or better for the needed parts.Buy a manual transmission and all the other crap that goes along with it...... Probably be cheaper just to buy a different car.That would be so expensive I won't even bother man. You should try to trade it in for a manual through a dealership.
Was it in an accident? Did both mechanisms break at the same time? Either way, I'd start by taking the beauty panel off and having a look. One of those rods will open it up if you shove it the right direction.Is the lock button engaged? If it is and you can't get it to release, sometimes with minor damage, with a pair of pliers you can get it open far enough to get the door latch to release. Not to likely, but possible.. Another possibility is with an old style lock release bar.. Take wooden wedge to force the door away from the window (carefully) and using a flashlight see if you can see the latch assembly. Looking for the rods connected to it........you might be able to release it that way. Always helps when you can see what your doing instead of fumbling with something you know nothing about. The flat bar I used for years is a locksmiths tool that you can now buy at many autoparts stores.whats wrong with it?  are the locks damaged or did you get smashed in an accident.  why would you bother?  if someone wants a ride just make them get in thru the other door.?
You have a bad blower resistor. Should cost about 50 bucks at an independent repair shop. May cost a couple of grand at the dealer!the switch is bad. Check it first.same thing happened to my dads car. It had to do with his blower... he needed to get it replaced
Remove all the drive belts, drain the radiator, disconnect the battery, remove the fan and fanpulley, remove power steering pump and alternator and AC compressor and set aside, (don't hafta disconnect lines, just position out of the way, remove the crankshaft pulley (balancer) remove the timing belt covers, set engine to top dead center and verify belt timing marks, (mark 'em with paint it makes it easier), loosen tensioner, remove timing belt, remove water pump, re-set tensioner, and replace all in reverse order.. . Job takes about 2-3 hrs for a pro. Are you up to it?go to the auto parts store and buy the book (even if you are unable to repair your own vehicle you at least can be knowledgeable about it) read how to replace water pump and decide if you are able to do it oh the book will come in handy laterThe best advice I can give on this subject with out looking at the vehicle itself is to go to your nearest auto parts store and buy a repair book on your Isuzu.  In the chapters it should have to explain how to remove the water pump and replace it as well too.  Usually Chilton are the books to get, but they do offer other books on it.  Best of all it shows you pictures of the engine itself as well as the part you are removing.
If you are talking about the plastic bumper cover you can ease the dent out with a heat gun. Be very careful. The paint crack can be filled and touched up just like the body. They make a flex additive if you are going to respray the whole bumper cover.if you are looking to have someone fix it your best bet is to go to a used car dealer and ask for the name of the guy who does their bumper touch ups.   they will be cheaper then the average body shop.   as for fixing it yourself,  unless you have the proper tools you are better off having a pro fix it
If the mechanic is good and times it just right, he will present you with your bill when the Tootsie Rolls are at their chewiest so your teeth are stuck together. This will keep the customer from injuring their self when their jaw tries to drop after they see the price.I'm a mechanic that has worked in many shops and I have never seem that.haha I have NEVER seen that. That's pretty funny. It must just be a northern thing lol.Its what they make from all that used axle grease.  You can't throw it away because of environmental reasons.  So, mechanics scrape it out of the wheel bearings and form it into little logs, then wrap them in papers. Viola, Tootsie rolls!!No, may just be some candy.It's only because they are inexpensive, individually wrapped, and they last awhile when chewing. Plus, they get kind of addictive... sort of a sugar rush. Nothing more to it.Maybe so you'll forget that they are probably screwing you and overcharging.we use them as exhaust patches or radiator repairs or even tire plugs....just kidding haha. . not all mechanics have a bowl of tootsie rolls i was a mechanic for 17 years i could never afford them
Have you shown her responsiblity with grades and friends?  That is the first way for her to learn to trust you.  Is there an adult relative or friend that can talk with your mom about letting them help you, or encourage her to lighten up a little?well ur going to have to take driver ed and driving school some parents are too chickne to let there kids drive. give it up takes lessons. I would not let my kids drive either not til there 18 sorry but too maky young kids on the road and too many tradagy so sorry but she right.Maybe she thinks your not ready for that yet. Show her that you are responsible and mature..and dont bug her about it.
register your car in a state where you can have 8 letters, like NY.  It'll make your task a bit easier.  In that case, the following was about as close as I could get:. NPRDCTBLJeez, I have to admit that task is daunting. I couldn't find a way to do it without making the word completely unidentifiable. My suggestion is to find a synonym for that and use it instead.Unpredictable = MYWAY, SEEYA, WILD, RANDOM, UNTAME, SAVAGE, ROWDY, UNRULY, RIOT
Get a shop manual for that specific vehicle.  It will tell you everything you need to know.You have to jack up the engine.That way the pan will clear the crossmember.an econoline.. shiiiitttttt.... . loosen the motor mounts before you jack up the motor.  jack it up using a block of wood to distribute the weight till it's high enough to clear the crossmember.  might have to remove the fuel lines if there's not enough play to lift the engine that high without damaging them.  i would go reallly realllllly slow for just that reason. . make sure you change your oil pump while you're at it.  i have a 1990 f150 and the oil pump is going bad and i keep hearing it's a common problem
Well either your holding the gas pedal down slightly or your choke is rusty and not closing quickly or remaining open. This happened to me and it was kind of scary, but easily fixed. Go to a garage and they will spray it with WD40.That is normal. The computer is adjusting the idle, based on engine load conditions. There's a load on the engine while your driving, so when you step on the clutch, your effectively removing the load from the engine, so the computer is compensating for it.i have a97 saturn that does the same thingif it revs up when its in gear and you acceerate, then you need to replace the clutch plates. it means that the plates arent grabbing properly, this happened on mine. took it to a transmission shop cost me 400
I don't see many tractors on the road. Do you?because tractors are not for driving on the road, they are considered as machinery for helping in the farming industry.tractors like cranes and bull dozers are considered off road vehicles. they are not supposed to be driven on roads under no circumstances. as they use no roads hence no road tax. u may have noticed that they are transported from one place to another as a cargo in a goods truck or vehicle.
Some just pry off with a flat bladed tool. Some are held on with screws on the outside. Some are held on with screws from the backside. Some are held on by the wheel itself. If you can't see the lugnuts, the cap should just pry off.crow bar should have a tapered end you just stick that in the slot on the outside of the center cap and twist it should pop off .  if not crow bar a flat head screw driver will workif its a late model. you unscrew the plastic caps from the lug nutslaydonsdad has it right. If it is late model...DO NOT try to pry the cap off, you have to unscrew the plastic 'lugs' and it should come right off. If it is older (like from the 80's/early 90's), then just pry it off as the others have mentioned.
Not possible.You can't, just pay them.If you find away let me know damn it!If you have not had any other tickets in the last three years, you can ask for a "prayer for judgement".  It would allow the ticket to be "on hold" for three years.  If you do not get a ticket in the next three years, it will disappear.  If you do, however, you will have to pay all of the fines for both tickets.
The 2.2 and 2.4 both have timming chains. The 2.4 has duel overhead cams. The 2.2 has one cam in the block. If your engine is running you don't need to change the chain.Contact the Chevey service department and ask them for timing belt changing intervals.you can check the vacuum at the intake manifold, if it is low (below 13"hg) check the timing, if timing mark is set to where it needs to be, remove the valve cover, rotate the crank shaft counter clockwise till the rocker arms above the valves start to move. Then rotate the crank shaft the opposite direction till movement is noticed again. note the # of degrees moved. if more than 10 degrees start concidering a new timing chainif your car isn't starting it wants to but it just doesn't start..
During the take off and landing phase is when most emergencies happen. If the lights were on in the cabin, you would not be able to see the conditions outside the aircraft as well as if they were off if an evacuation were to become necessary. At night your eyes need adjustment and during the day the cabin lights can reflect off the interior of the windows. Hence, they are dimmed for both day time and nigh time flights.This is a safety consideration. In the event it becomes necessary to evacuate the airplane, your eyes are already adjusted. Otherwise, it takes at least several seconds to go from bright light to being able to see in the dark.maybe because air pressure increasesgoogle it
sent one off one time that i was checking for a rental company the odo lock was broken, got them to reset the mileage on another dash cluster from a salvage yard to the correct mileage on the rental car ( well as close as we could come) they wanted records proving the accual mileage. lucly enough the rental company had records to cover all that, but it was a hassel. speedometer repair service in atlanta georgia.I tried for a solid year to replace a broke odometer on a Ford Thunderbird.  A mechanic has to find a used one because I don't believe they sell them new or else everyone would be replacing them which would make the mileage readings false.  My mechanic tried 6 different odometers and none of them worked, so I sold the car with the odometer broken.
I wouldn't say I am a bad driver. Unless your in the left hand lane and driving my daisy and you see me in your rear view mirror. :)Most people are bad drivers because of impatience and inability to "drive defensively".  If you can leave early, you can take your time to get to your destination.. Other common things that make people bad drivers = doing anything OTHER than driving (Cell phone, eating, make-up) and driving TOO slowly!!!I'm scared of all the people that drive like they're playing Grand Theft Auto, or who seem that it's some kind of War of the Wills. Consequently, I drive extremely defensively and may tend to overcompensate for these goofnuts.I am actually a good driver.  Been driving over 20 years now, no accidents, no tickets.I'm an extremely good driver - a 6 star driver.  Never had an at-fault-accident.  Maybe it's because I own and drive vintage cars so have learnt that one must drive defensively so that the old cars don't get dinged.why are you lying!! I am not a bad driver.No, I'm sorry but you're the one who's a bad driver.i'm not-on the contrary-i'm a very good driver.. i don't talk on the cell phone while i'm driving. i use my turn signals. i don't tail gait. i don't speed . i don't cut people off. i don't drive 30 in a 50. i don't drive drunk. i don't race. no road rage over here!I am not a bad driver, that is so sterotypical... gesh.  ;PI'm not a bad driver. I've never had an accident. Never gotten a ticket either. Why are YOU such a bad driver???On the highway, I drive the speed limit.  I am a leader.. . ;-)
The "pinholes" you see on the inside of your window in a passenger airplane are vent holes that allow pressure to equalize between the inner and outer side windows.To allow air to circulate in the space between the outer (real) window and the inner (protective cover, actually) plexiglas pane. The protective cover isn't necessarily air tight but windows would fog up due to the rapid changes in air temperature and the difference between temperatures of the outside air and cabin air.
I believe the sign is saying that dogs should be walked on a leash so they will not walk beyond the curb and into traffic.It means you have to pick up your dog's poop so that no one will step on it.  What does this question have to do with Cars?
its very simple.... secure your financxing first.... go to your local credit union or bank and get pree-approved for an auto loan. Then do your shopping, make sure you run a carfax on the vehicle before you purchase. I would also suggest letting a mechanic look at it as well. Have a kelly blue book value reprt with you when you go to drive the vehicle.paySpend the money to have a mechanic inspect it and possibly get a carfax report, Edmunds.com should tell you what you should expect tp pay for a certain car.I am a Finance Manager at a Franchise Vehicle Store. What type of vehicle are you trying to purchase from an individual?Definitely get the carfax report and take the car to Pepboyz if you have one around.  They have a list of things that they check and go through with you.  It has quite a bit of detail in it.
airtech.  Please excuse the blatant use of scantily clad models in their images.www.ebay.com
Here is a great website that will help you with everything that you need..... . http://www.thetitlestor.com/losstitles.htmGo the the DMV (Dept of Motor Vehicles.) They usually have an 800 number you can call.Depends on what state you are in.  Best place to start is the DMV website for your particular state.  They are all online now and most can provide you with the forms you need.There should be a form at the DMV's office that will help you.     I think all you need is the vin number to get a new one and of course an id.
The person or dealership you bought it froms hould have the record of you buying it, as well as the vin number. Also, the insurance company you were insured under should have it, as well as the Motor Vehicle company from when you registgered it.You can go to the County and file for a Lost Title, You can go to the Police Station and have them run the plate, You can go to the Police Station and get a copy of your Police report, You can contact the insurance company you filed the theft report with... ( Its was stolen 6 years ago and now you are reporting it stolen? There is more to this story then you are telling!I read your addition,Your Police report is still on file,Info should still be on it.Department of Motor-vehiclesCheck with your state's DMV. They should have record of the title. You may also be able to get a copy.
You'll probably need a Sales License, which you would obtain from the DMV like a regular driver's license. Before you apply for the job, try to get one. Dealerships are more likely to hire you if you already have one--otherwise you're of no use to them until you get one because you can't sell cars without it. :)Apply at a dealership?? It's really that easy.  They should help you get your lisence if you don't have one already.Trey has good advice, but, before you get that far, but after you walk into the dealership, shout out that your philosphy is ABC - Always Be Closing!The 1st thing you will need to know how to do is LIE to everyone about everything. Other then that maybe selling your soul to the devil would help.
whats up man i have a 2000 civic si and the best way to make it not sound like a pissed off bumble bee on speed is to change out the muffler with an aftermarket muffler which you can get and have put on for a couple hundred dollars or you can go with a complete cat back exhaust which will last alot longer and sound much better but that route cost alot more money so it really depends on your own preference. if your going for performance and sound i would go with the full exhaust thats what i did and it made a big difference. i hope i was some help good luck and dont listen to all that trade it in or buy a ford mess.  in my opinion you have a better car and to me imports are the only way to go.trade it for a FordPour rice into the gas tank! Harleys forever!!!. Oops! for the record I hate Harleys and I live in Tokyo!Replace it with a Mustang and put Magnaflows on it.buy a different car. or swap the motor..but that is expensive.Ummm... The only way I know is to trade it for a car that's not made by Honda.. . Perhaps a Nissan or a Mustang?I'm not sure.change the muffler buy a sports one...that will make a great difference in the sound...but won't matter with the power. that is the cheapest solution i can think ofDrill a few holes in the muffler.  That will change it.
if it's unopened and kept inside, 10 years +.. . if it's stored in a shed with hot summers, 4 years.As long as you want, oil never wears out, or looses its viscosity from the low heat in the summer in a shed.
Hope it wasn't in Michigan. Up to 25 years for vehicular homicide.not long enough.......   people who do that should be locked up and the key thrown away!!I was going to post something but redeft said all that could be said.... . I hope you are the main attraction of a prison orgy...Hopefully they cut your balls off and feed them to you while you dig the grave of the person you killed. Then with luck you are buried alive in the same coffin to live out your few remaining hours contemplating your stupidity.. . Nobody likes an a-hole, not even your friends.
Go to S10forum.com.  They can tell you how to jump the ECU and read the CEL.  They can probly help you figure out how to fix your problem.Service light means u need to Change your oil, check engine light means emissions need to be checked, Buy A FordI work at a garage, it can come on for a multitude of reasons. Most are related to the emissions system of the truck. To get a pinpoint answer to this question, go to a reputable garage and have them hook up their scan tool to read the fault code from the ECM (Engine Control Module)>If your truck is OBD2 1996 or newer you may not have tightend your gas cap the last time you fuled up. If so you will still need to go to a garage to have the code cleared, or tighten it then wait for the diagnostic to run again and pass.if it's a 4.3 would either be O2 sensor or EGR. 4.3's are known for that problem.
A lifter is a device that, in short, helps the pistons move. And I think you are asking can someone who doesn't know how to do it, attemp it, No, take it to an autoshop and have them do it, if you dont know what you are doing you will more then likely not even have any idea where to start or you will just mess up your car to the piont where it is undriveable.Judging from your spelling don't fool with it.. To answer your other question. There are two different types of "Lifters" One rides on the camshaft as it turns and actually raises the valve train up and down  for a paticular valve to open and allow it to close. In both cases it maintains a zero slack situeation to allow the engine to run quietly. It operates on the engines oil pressure and can wear out on some engines (Noise) or it can get stuck on other engines and again....noise.. Freuqent oil changes usually will prevent valve noise.lifters NEVER go bad dont touch it
In the airline I worked for, you had to wait for someone to quit, die or retire before you could move up... Promotions were strictly by seniority.  If you started today, you might be wearing four stripes sometime before your 55th birthday.  Of course, you'll have to retire at 60, so that gives you at least five years to earn your entire retirement nest egg...And that's assuming that the company doesn't go broke or merge with another company before then.LONG time. No kidding. but depends what plane you're flying, I'm sure you can easily become a captain of King Air, because it can be flown by single pilot. But for large jets, it takes years and years before you can become a captain. I'd say at least 10 years.You move ONE seat to the left.  It shouldn't take more than a few seconds, IF you have the promotion. (THAT could take years!)
Press the volume control switch. This might work depending on the stereo in the Cavalier. u hit or turn the pwoer button it say power on it buttoneYou should check the owners' manual.Press the volume control switch. This might work depending on the stereo in the Cavalier.
Here it is.. I agree 100% with webman.I always thought a pinion had to do with a differential gear!. FROM A CLASS AUTO TECH,ie (Captain Diesel).better go back to school pinion. it is true that the compression of air in the cylinder heats up the air(approximately 1000 deg F) BUT, the timing of the fuel injection is critical.It is similar to the ignition timing of a gas engine,usually a few degrees before top dead center.if the fuel was injected at bottom dead center,the fuel would ignite before TDC and push the piston back the other waya diesel engine works off the concept that when you compress stuff quickly it heats up. In a diesel engine air is drawn into the cylinder on the down stroke of the piston and diesel is injected into the cylinder. then the piston comes up and compresses the diesel and air mixture. This rapid compression heats up the mixture of diesel and air to diesels flash point which causes it to combust and drive the piston back down. that combustion is what powers a diesel engine.Webman is right you better not inject the fuel too soon or serious engine damage will result.
Sounds like wires overheating, which could result in a fire.  Have a mechanic check it out ASAP.a plastic bag on your exhaust or your cars burning oil hold it at 2000 rpm u smell oil your car eating oilIt may be your fluids especially antifreeze coolant may be low because my honda was smelling like plastic and i was just low on anti freeze coolanti would have a mechanic check it out because it could be a very serious problem such as bad wiring which can cause a fire or it could be low on fluids. somthings you can check youself pretty easy are make sure theres nothing stuck to you exhaust and check and see if your exhaust is touching any part of the car such as your bumpers. good luck and i hope i was some help.
Don't do it. They will leak. I don't mean maybe. They will leak and you will hurt the resale value of your car.dont they will leaktake it to a custom body shop....if you do it yourself and do all the cuts...you might weaken the body of the car and it will collapse in the middle and mess up the frame really badly
you pull it out.it will require removal keys that you can usually find on-line or at some install shops.  if not you can remove the trim bezel, then remove the retainer bolts on each side of the head unit.  the radio should slide out enough to remove the wiring harness and the antenna lead.  the radio will slide right out after that.with a big hammer and screwdriver
make sure he uses his right turn signal about 40 ft before passing the spot he wish to park in. also tell him to watch his rear view to see if the person understands that he is passing that spot to parallel into it. The reason they got him is because how was a car behind him to know he wanted that spot and to let the car that would be behind him know of his intention to park there.You need to stick your arm out of the window, with your palm flat, pointing downward..This will signify to the driver in back of you, that you are going to stop..Also, put your right directional signal on, that also will tell drivers in back of you, that you are going to park..Good Luck..just turn on your signal on the right or left, depending if you park on the right or left...
poss head gasket you need to use the correct coolant also in my 93 grand prix 3.1 engine it calls for the orange coolant heck the weep valve on the thermostat housing is it tight?also check all your hoses. check the two small hoses at the bottom of the throttle body coolant runs through that also in route to the heater core.is your over flow tank filled.try running the engine with radiator cap off adding coolant in to radiator as engine warms up to op temp. is the drain plug tight.are all hoses good you might have pin hole in a hose causing coolant loss. any water on inside floor could be bad heater core loosing coolant.if worse comes to worse bring it to a mechanic to check the cooling system good luck !I would put my money on the water pump,my car ran hot over the weekend..turn out to be the water pumpthe electric fan not workingeither the water pump is leaking or u have a hole in the radiator .I just had this problem on my 00 grand am and it turned out to be my water pump broke and then my car overheated.water pump has a weep hole that could allow air in or aleaking head gasketMy car just overheated because there was a problem with the water pump and the engine wasn't getting enough coolant.I drive a 92 grand prix and my fiance drove a 98 grand prix and he was having over heating problems, and turned out he had a cracked head gasket. There a bit spendy to fix if you have someone do it for you. Just the labor is like $250check the timingare you having to add coolant frequently?maybe a head gasket, go get a pressure tester for your cooling syatem, i know auto zone lends them out for a $35 deposit.  Just take ur radiator cap off hook the tester up to it and appy pressure, it u end up losing pressue u have a leak, if it stays at the same level your goodCheck the cooling fan operation.leaking headur radiator might have a buncgh of crap in the bottom try flushing it
if the overdrive is off, your car wont go to the final gear. This means your wheels spins faster than your transmission to give you better acceleration. In overdrive your car will be able to go to the final gear and be able to reach its top speed.It allows you to go at highway speeds with your engine turning slower, using less gas. It's not for local in town driving (unless you plan on burning through town at 70MPH-not recommended-local PD may not have a good sense of humor!).This button turns your Overdrive on/off. The overdrive option works best at highway speeds. It cuts the rpms way down on your engine, thus saving fuel and able to reach higher top speeds than without the OD.The button cancels overdrive. Basically, it will keep the engine in lower gears, giving it more power for acceleration and climbing.
you get paid for the total retail valu of your car and the insurance company will sell it at auction any procedes will go to the insurance company.If you have a lien on the car, the leinholder will get paid first and any thing left over you will get, If the value is less then you owe the you are liable for the difference. The only benifit is you get to shop for a new car and your old one will be paid off. If the car is drivable then the insurance company may let you keep the car and brand the title salvage, you will be able to still drive it and renew the plates but can only get liability insurance on the car. To remove the salvage brand you have to get the state police to inspect the car to certify that repairs were made.The insurance company in question has an obligation to "make you whole".. . This means that you are to be returned to the state you were in before the accident. If you own a 20 year old vehicle in perfect condition it may only be worth a few bucks. That will be all the insurance company wants to pay. HOWEVER...that puts you at a loss....where can you buy a similar car for that kind of money? It is the insurers obligation to put you back whole. . . You can accept the INS offer, or fight them. If all doesn't go your way, call an attorney who handles these cases. . . I know a person who kept demanding replacement of a 15 year old vehicle from an insurer. It took a couple of months, but the insurance company actually bought a replacement vehicle of the same type and model, and also paid for a rental vehicle!  . . You were not at fault, the insured and insurer have ALL the obligation.The insurance company will check the book value of your vehicle and the buy back of a vehicle like yours in your area.  If you have a clear title to your vehicle, the insurance company will mail you a check for that amount.  If there is a lien on it, the amount owed against the lien will be paid before you receive anything.  If you owe more than they decide it is worth you will still end up paying the left over amount.   . The benefit is.....at least it was insured, you could have come out empty handed.. . Most insurance companies will offer to let you buy your vehicle back at "totaled" value.In that situation the insurance company sends out somebody to look at the vehicle.  They tell you the car is totaled and tell you the value of the vehile. If you have full coverage and car is paid off then you will recieved money for the value of your vehicle. If the car is not paid in full the will give the lease holders the payment to buy the car off and the left over dividend is yours, if you dont owe on the vehicle and you dont have full coverage you wont recieve anything cause the insurance wont cover damages so not only is the car a total loss but then you have no car and no money for a new one.  The insurance will go up, and no matter who was at fault it dosent matter cause it will also come back on you.  for instance well if you wouldnt have come down this street then the accident wouldnt have happened.  Any way you look at it your fault or not something will always come back on you.inquire about buying the vehicle back from them after they total it
Faking an accident would be car insurance fraud.Anytime you file a claim on your car insurance for something that didn't happen, or if you damage your vehicle on purpose and then file a claim, that would be fraud.  I guess if you lie on your insurance application, that could also be considered fraud.intentionally falsifying information of any kind in any way is considered insurance fraud.  whether it be car insurance, workers comp, health insurance.  it's also worth knowing, if you get caught & convicted...it's a felony.doing something on purpose to your car that gets the insurance to pay you money, faking an accident, or having it be stolen by someone you know or anything like thatsetting fire to your car can be insurance fraudanything that requires the insurance company to pay out money on a claim that is not truthfull. ex. you purposely wreck your car to get the insurance money and pay off your car.
A blow dryer and a razor blade. I'm a window sticker freak, changing them several times a year. My window also has wires, but they are embedded in the glass so the blade and heat cause no problems. Good luck.If it is on the inside over your defroster wires it is going to be hard. Carefully loosen and lift the edges with a razor blade avoiding the wires. Wet a paper towel with Goo Gone and work it under the edges you lifted with the razor. As the glue softens pull slowly without tearing. When you gain a little add more Goo Gone.hot water and razor mateuse lighter fluid of wd40Peel as much off as you can and use a solvent to dissolve the adhesive that get's left behind - something like acetone or methylated spirits.  You could use petrol but it stinks.  Obviuosly don't smoke whilst you're doing it and wear rubber gloves as solvents will dissolve the grease in your skin that keeps your hands soft and flexible.use a razor blade...be carefull of the demister wires by laying the blade as flat on  the window as you can.I've never tried this but battery acid sure seems it might work.Can of OOP's and a razor bladeTry a heat gun or hair dryer. Gently peel off sticker.Use denatured alcohol to remove glue residue.
it's much like sharpening a chain saw blade.  Get yourself a sharp round file and make nice staright overlapping cuts.  You can also do the same thing with a large diameter die-grinder but the slightly rounded result is not a crisp looking as the straight hand cuts.  Practice on an old cylinder.  Or, program a CNC to do it like everyone else.This is not something an inexperienced person can/should do.  Take it to a shop.
Take the wheel, caliper, rotor off. knock the broken studs out and push the new ones in. reassembleeasier to just change the whole hub
Are you single?. Ask to see the calibration records for the officers radar system.. OR, get a good lawyer.First of all what was wrong with the ticket, your name, address, etc...?   If you show up with a lawyer, then most judges will drop it.  As long as your driver's license number is correct on the ticket, they got you.  Next time slow down!  You can save gas, which will save you money also.  Relax, slow down (not to slow), life is too short to get stressed over a ticket, and driving fast.  . . Sincerely. JJ White"Sure, I was going over a 100 miles per hour.  That's a direct violation to current speeding law but there's no 'h' on my last name!  This is an outrage!"  "Case dismissed! You don't owe us anything and the officer must compensate you for your time and lost of wages." -- I would say that your best argument is denying that you were ever speeding or saying that you are part of America's 12 percent below poverty level, sometimes judges weaken when they hear you're poor and either toss out your fine or reduce it to a more affortable amount.  Check with a police officer or lawyer if such glitch in the system exists in Oregon.  I have never heard of it in California.
I worked for the Highway Dept in the sign dept in my home state and never saw or used SOS on any signs. But contact your Highway Dept and ask themStay off of the shoulder!I have never seen that either, but I've only been driving for 36 years.  Stay off shoulder fits, that may be correct.  Good Luck.  You could look in the drivers manual for your state, you know, the one you study before you take the driving test.It means EMERGENCY! It's the old naval code. Sheesh, don't leave it to these guys to call 911 for you. You'll notice these signs are also placed by emergency phones...I have never seen a sign that says SOS.
nOT ONLY IS IT VERY COMPETETIVE, but there are not enough jobs to go around. I graduated with a degree and both federal aviation licenses and I could never find a job in private industry. The army took me right away, though. All my friends that got jobs lost them in time, because that industry is more volatile than the stock market.very!extremely competitive cuz... if some1 designs a better plane than u U SUCK... lol jk... anthony but seriously yea..pretty competitive
start car and close the door - press reset to clear any messages. . - press status until "oil life at XXX%- press reset to change" press and release reset button and then press it and hold it in (display will tell you to do this) when oil life reset to 100% appears your doneunhook the battery, make sure you hook it back up or your car won't startdont know if it is the same but on a lincoln ls push status un till it reminds you about oil then hold reset untill it clearsChange your oil.
Best explanation: a sunroof is opened manually via crank or latch; moonroof is opened via electric switch/motor.. . "Ask Yahoo" confirms this in the attached source page.Years ago, there were only sunroofs, and most of them were sliding metal panels that you cranked open by hand. Then in the late 70's (I think it was Ford) introduced tinted glass panels to replace the solid metal ones. They called them "moonroofs" with the idea that even closed at night, they would let in the moonlight. Nowadays I think the terms are used interchangeably, but that's the way I remember it.NOTHINGa sunroof opens up where a moonroof stays in place.Originally a sunroof was made out of clear or tinted, plastic or glass and would open by either kicking up in the back or sliding rearward. A moon roof was an opaque panel, usually painted to match vehicle, that slid back into roof.The difference is that one ad agency thought that the term MoonRoof had a better sound (classier) than SunRoof. They both are ports in the roof of a car that allow some light and may be able to open to allow air in a car.  One may be tinted but that is not the difference, they are marketing terms for a hole in the roof of a car.A SUN ROOF will actually open up ... A passenger can actually stick his hand or head out ... Really ... (A scene from the movie, "BIG" ... Josh does that.)  However, a moon roof is just a tinted glass (Hard Plastic).  Some of the better-made; higher-quality vehicles have them both on the same vehicle ... Lexus 3000 or some such comes to mind.Sunroof you can open but you cant see through, Moon roof you can see through and you can open. Usually hand operated blind.
i think your best bet is to just change the whole hinge, alot less hassle,to the person who said its less hassle to change the hinges, obviously never changed door hinges before.. . cut the pin in 2 pieces close to where they contact the hinge. then drive each piece out. and replace with the new.go to your nearest parts store and get the hinge repair kit, it comes with a bronze bushing.  Drive the pins out, replace the bushing, and drive in the new pin(s)
Just remember that every needle hole through your leather jacket is another potential leak when it rains.  I prefer using contact cement or similar products to glue the patches on.  If properly done, they will stick just as well as sewing them on and they can be removed if you want without leaving holes in the leather.There are leather needles if you can sew by hand make sure you have a good thimble and lots of finger strength. Or you could try taking it to a fabric shop and see if they could refer you to someone who could do the work for a small fee ie seamstress. There are also needles designed for sewing machines for thicker materials that may work if you have access to a sewing machine.a shoe repair shop will usually do it.Any leather shop will do it...also most runs have some ole biker and his ole lady there with a commercial sewing machine to do the work.
This link can answer your question in detail.. http://auto.howstuffworks.com/transmission.htm. --x--. me being a non-technical person who drives a stick shift, it works in the following way for me. . The gearbox, and the drivetrain are coupled together to give power to the tires. . The components that we deal with when driving are The clutch, the accelerator and the shifts. The clutch is required to disengage the drivetrain and the gearbox. Then shift the gears while the clutch is pressed, then release the clutch slowly to engage the drivetrain and the gears. once they are engaged, the car moves... whola!well when driveing a stick shift you listen for when your engine gets kind of loud that is shifting up. Shifting down you just wait at a red light and when you are at a complete stop then just shift down its that easy I am only 11 and know how.
you need an ozone machine, you can buy them or most flood and fire restorations companies will have them,  It adds an oxygen molecule to o2 which is what we breath so it becomes o3, the o3 pushes out odors and can kills bacteria and on a small level is used in most ionic air purifiers. just don't breathe the stuff its bad for you.HAVE IT FUMAGATEDYou need to get 100% citrus oil spray ....sold at  most wal-mart's or any tobacco shop.  I am a smoker so I know little tricks.  Trying to quit  though. This stuff is really good for any bad odors.most detail shops have a machine that will remove the odor. you can also buy a spray that is an odor remover, try auto zone.some people... here's what you do... use an air sanitizer like... febreeze mist... or lysol scented sprays... that will do just fine...there are also special sprays that are targeted just for cig. smells... I do not know the name of it but you can find it at that Yankee Candle shop for sure...throw the car away and buy a new one.the best way is to have it washed.if you can't do that, sometimes baking soda will absorb the odor. fabreeze is also a great deodorizer.Lots of vodka.. may noy get rid of the smell, but after a few miles, you will not care anymore.YOU CAN GET RID OF CIGARETTE SMOKE WITH A MISTER BOTTLE AND VINA GERtry to use a odour absorberI used a an open bottle of vinegar in the car for several days, It did take some time but really worked for me.  Use a sponge in the vineager to keep it from splashing.. . If you had money, get the headliner and upolstery steam cleanedTry mixing some cheap kind of vodka with water in a spray bottle. About a cup of vodka and half a cup of water. Might smell like booze for a little while but the smoke will be less offensive. After, I always put a fabric softener sheet under the seats and in the cabin filter (the one inside the car, usually at the passengers feet) Hope that helps!
A lemon is a car that is defective or already damaged when you buy it. Most states have laws that protect consumers from being stuck with such cars.  The laws generally say that if you buy a car and within a specified period of time it breaks through no fault of yours that you can return it to the place where you bought it and get your money back.. . I think the idea is that there is an expectation of performance for a car and if that isn't met, it could be hard to return it to the dealer without the force of law.Wisconsin Lemon Law means that if the vehicle needs to have major repairs at least three times in under about a year, the car is a "Lemon" and the dealer is obligated to return your money in full and take that car off of your hands.  You have to prove that its a "lemon" in court.I know NJ is protected by the lemon law meaning that if you buy a car and it starts to act up within a certian period after purchasing, you can return the car from the person or place that you bought it either for a full refund or a different car.Every state has different criteria for what qualifies as a lemon. For more information on lemon laws check out this siteIf you purchase a car and it keeps breaking down and breaking down and things keep breaking and stopping.In most states you are protected by a "Lemon Law" that means a car salesman cannott sell you a piece of junk that keeps breaking down.YOU have to prove this in court so keep all reciets.This does not mean like one or two things go wrong.Serious things.Things the salesman probably knew would break but failed to disclose it to you..Good Luck!!
That's a good question. Not allowing the manufacture of cars that go above the speed limit (except racecars!)would sure save many lives. I'm sure it's about the money, since they know fast cars sell.all cars have the ability to go faster than the speed limit!most cops dont enforce interstate speed limit, as long as its not reckless. I've passed cops doing 90+ mph. . besides, as your car gets older, it loses performance.. why spend more$$$ for unnecessary tune-ups and rebuilds?basically its a macho sort of thingthey are called cops and they can do as they D*** well please. just ask them.Every state doesn't have the same speed limits.  If you crash at 55 MPH it can be just as deadly as going 100 MPH. Most people would find a way to modify the car to go faster anyway so it's all pointless.  Not to mention a stupid idea.What? The maximum on the freeway is over the speed limit on the streets and so on and so on.............~:)x
If your smelling gas in your Car ( unless its a VW bug ) that smell is an indicator of something worse. If you or a friend spilled gas use 3 boxes of Baking Soda and leave it on for like two hours in the sun and then vacuum it up it should take care of most of itThere are many sloutions to this problem, I am sure people will have plenty for you....But the most important thing for you to know is get it out of your car ASAP. The fumes from gasoline can cause many problems including nausea and dehydration, along with the obvious, gasoline fumes will burn rapidly if heated to the right temp.Soak the area thoroughly with a mixture of 1-2 cups plain white vinegar mixed in 1 gallon warm as you can stand water, then use lots of clean white towels and a brick, clamp or something else to add weight (your own tired arms will do, too) to wick out all of the petroleum and water solution.  Follow with a rinse of warm water mixed with baking soda (1 1/2 cups per gallon), then again wick out until as dry as you can get it.get some air freshner.It totally depends where the odor originated. If you just spilled gas inside your interior then I'd suggest to have your interior detailed and/or shampooed. If it's a smell tracing from the engine bay - I would stop using the vehicle and have a mechanic check your fuel lines.set fire to it. gas smell all gone away. Course, it smells of burning now, but hey you cant have everythingput five or six camphor cubes under the seat or use a hand full of coal ..to remove smell of gasoline
I thump on the face of mine with my index finger. That usually fixes it for quite a while!Short wire all yellow cables to ground.  Apply 3v 300ma current to the display.. . A very easy remedy.  If its a Ford truck just short wire the blue ones.
Go to your local Motor Vehicle Administration office.For Alabama, go to you local court house where licenses are issued. They sell them there. I believe personalized plates are an additional $50/year. They were at least a few years ago.You have to inquire about it at the Alabama secretary of state office. They will check if what you want is available and make sure it is not obscene.
go to the library and get a Chilton's manual, they make it very easy to understand.It depends on whether you're taking out the electrical part or the actual ignition lock cylinder.  Get back to me.
The #2 diesel motor fuel sold at most service stations here in the States is almost the same formula used for home heating oil. As the demand for home heating oil goes up in the winter months, there is a lower supply of #2 motor fuel available for sale, and so the price goes up based on supply and demand.. . Once winter is over, diesel motor fuel prices should come back down.Since there is less demand for diesel, the filling stations dont purchase as often and the prices don't fluctuate as often as regular gasoline.  There was a long time last year when regualr fuel prices climbed very fast and diesel stayed the same for several weeks before catching up.There is no reason really . . .. . Why can you pay $.29 a pound for bananas at one store . . .. and pay $1.29 /lb. at another ? ? ?. . Why is it possible for banks to have the same money . . .. in several places (accounts) at the same time ? ? ?. . Caveat emptor . . .. . Only the buyer knows ! ! !. . Gasoline and Diesel can be fractionated from eachother . . .. This means you can use one to create the other.. . And they all come from crude oil . . .. or some other source.. . Other names for Diesel are . . .. Naptha. WD40. Kerosene. Light Oil. J4 (Jet Fuel). . Take a look at the forum below . . .. There is a lot of truth here somewhere.for the same reason gasoline prices fluctuate. Supply/demand.. . It's still cheaper though given that diesel cars have much higher gas mileage than gasoline cars.
Why would you want to remove the airbag computer???It is illegal to disable an airbag without approval from the NHTSA
its possible but first try to narrow down when it happens only after refueling only cold only hot ect. right now you question is so broad it could be lots of things but i am thinking egr vale right nowdirty injectors carbuartor, bad gas, replace fuel filter? just give the darn thing a tune up ....... poor car needs love to
They are used for measuring movement of the dummies and crumple zones on cars.those are there so the computers, and cameras can graph the movement of the car/dummy during a crash. they are reference points, or benchmarks.computer positionin thats the points which appear on the computer 2 analyse...
Because trains ride on tracks, cars drive on roads.As others have said rubber is simply not strong enough to support the weight of a fully loaded rail car, which today ranges in the 286,000 lb. range.  Similarly, steel is much more durable than rubber; simply put, it just doesn't make sense to use rubber in the application of rail transporation.  One other reason has to do with the design of wheels themselves.  On the inside of each is a device known has a flange, which rides along to the inside of the rail and guides the cars along the track.  Going back to the strength and durability issues, if these were of rubber they simply could not take the abuse and weight of cars moving from side to side on the rail (there is not much lateral movement, but some).Most simply put, they do have wheels but not wheels that have tires on them. The reason for this is because tires cannot support the weight that those wheels face constantly. And tires require a lot more maintenance. (Filling with air, tread wear, and are vulnerable to sharp objects and temperature differences)The coeficcient of friction between steel to steel is higher than that of steel to rubber.Like the other guy said, they do have wheels but not wheels that have tires on them. The reason for this is because tires cannot support the weight that those wheels face constantly. In fact, a train can actually get a flat also. Have you ever been watching a train and one of the cars come by making a loud thumping noise? That's a flat. It is a FLAT spot on the wheel, and yes, it needs changed. Another reason that they do not have tires like a car is that the rubber tire can not be formed strong enough to keep the train on the track.  The train wheel has a lip that is bigger that the wheels, that lip rides on the inside of the track.  This lip keeps the train on the track and steers the train along the track (Trains do not have a steering wheel). Could you imagine trying to drive a train with a steering wheel trying to keep tires like a car balanced on the tracks.
It's prob pulled off your VIN #, you need to talk to your dealership for that.  It might be in your owner's manual.It's prob pulled off your VIN #, you need to talk to your dealership for that. It might be in your owner's manual.Most time the easiest thing to do is just disconnect the battery for a few minutes.  Call and ask the dealer first.
if that fails, contact the car manufacturer.I used the lemon law with surprising results.  I don't recall all the details, however here are the basic steps I used.  The car was new when purchased and we owned it for less than 6 months.  During that time it spent most of its life at the dealer service department.  After the third or forth "it's fixed" I was driving home from work and it threw the serpentine belt.  I had it towed to the dealer and left a note of what was wrong.  The following morning I called the service consultant and asked to have a conference call with the service manager and the factory representative.  I also got onto the internet and researched our state's lemon law.  Three days later we were sitting in the service manager's office with the factory representative.  I had all the paper work on the car from the purchase to the last repair.  I asked if this was normal repair for this type vehicle.  Within 15 minutes they bought the car back.  I think I was successful because I had done my homework and was ready for the meeting.  The sad thing was we really liked the car (when we got to drive it).. . My advice:  . 1. Be prepared with your state's lemon law requirements.. 2. Have all you information written and easily accessible.. 3. Have all paperwork, especially the repairs and the problems.. 4. Don't let them run the meeting or make you upset.  Focus on your goal and problem with the car not the individuals.. 5. Let them know politely you're ready to invoke the lemon law.. 6. Don't make threats, but follow through with anything you state (i.e. contacting the State Attorney General or BBB).    . If you say it do it.  They will probably ignore your statement until you send them a copy of the email or letter of the contact.. 7. The louder they get the softer your voice should be.  A soft voice requires attention.  They must listen to hear what is being said.. 8. Forget the dealer and go straight to the factory representative.. . Good luck.  I hope it turns out as well as ours did.It's been in the shop twice and your declaring it to be a lemon?  It's gonna take more than that!  Check your states lemon laws.look into a thing called "the lemon law".  most states have it, and you should be able to take the seller to court over giving you a lemon (bad car) and resolve the issue that way.Contact the better business bureau.I would have hard copies of the service write-ups.  Before I take a look into the LEMON LAWS for your state, take the car to a different dealership and see if they can solve the problem.  After the third consecutive time for the SAME problem, I'd look into the LEMON LAW.  I'd be aggressive with the car dealership.  I'd call the manufacturer's customer service hotline phone number.  I'd let them know the situation.  If still you get the runaround, let it be known to ALL parties involved that you are invoking the LEMON LAW for your respective state.  Be ready to contact your insurance agency.  Ask your agent about your recourse, as they have lawyers who can assist you with your plight.  You may even want to contact an attorney in your area and describe the event in full detail.  . . No matter how you slice it, if after the 3rd attempt to fix the problem, it's not worth the aggravation with the dealership... take them to court.
Go to China? or check the "yellow pages"Type "Chinese motorcycle manufacturer" into Googol. They all supply spare parts.
There's also a Jeep TJ. This page will tell you the difference."CJ" is civilain Jeep; never heard of "YJ."
You just contact a shipping company that deals with automotive shipping.  Try a search on on that.i would go with the above answer
The seal between the panes is leaking.  Replacement is about your only option.sorry probly can't . . but you can "limo tint" the window,
Because they think it makes them "cool"...Because some of us are single mommies and a rear spoiler on something like a 4 door sedan makes us feeeeeeeeeelllllll like we have a sports care even if we don't. Stop hatin' you big meanie. Maybe that's all one of us types can afford.Because some other Honda dork put one on his, and put it in a magazine, and said it was cool. These people don't understand the point of a rear spoiler, and should be round up and disposed of. Publically.They want to look stupidWhether the car is front wheel or rear wheel drive has nothing to do with having a spoiler.   . . The spoiler itself is designed to keep the rear of the car "pushed" towards the roadway when the car is being driven foward.   (That's why you see them on racing cars...)They are desperately wanting to be "cool". Forgive them for they are ignorant rookies.HAHAH I never even thought of that! I always went with "Well, that looks stupid." and left it at that.They put there dicks under there car and call it a driveshaft.lol! i've been asking that for years!. they are probably to dumb to realize it wont help anything.. I once saw some fat slicks on the back of a '91 grand prix.. how pathetic!They probably think they look cool.are they asians?  hehhehe!It's just feel-good, cosmetic feature.  I feel sad just typing that.
Pros: You can singlehandedly support the oil industry.. Cons: They're gas guzzling, road hogging, uglier than sh*t penis extensions. "Hey, mine's bigger than yours." Get over it.If you can afford the gas for the thing go for it..That's the only thing stopping me they eat gas like it's free.if you can afford the gas at $3.00+ a gallon go for it. if it fits into your garageGas mileage i have an h2 and it guzzels gas. so bad. i hate it that is why it is sitting where it belongs in the garage. dang it nvm i am going to drive it right now. later.
I sell cars online, and its true that buyers are liars...because buying is an emotional process.  I'm sure most of what they say is true at the time (it HAS to be red...then they buy a blue somewhere else).Ya well Car Salesmen like you are scum also..and I hope you don't sell any cars this month...Hell you never give the value of a used car anyway, and make a profit on it so stop crying bone head! PS we are BUYERS not byers, I can see why you sell carsMaybe coz they dont trust the car sellers.We are all human... just remember that when dealing with ANYONE!!
I guess people do it because they realize that they are traveling slow and just don't want you in front of them. I guess they feel disrespect on the highway and that you (the diver behind them) should stay behind them.Part of the "King of the Road" mentality. Let them pass me-. several times I have passed them later on when they were. being questioned by the Highway Patrol Officer! Can you say. "Speeding Ticket & BIG Fine???"it's subconscious.  They are driving along, daydreaming.  They notice that the car along side them is traveling faster than they are so they adjust their speed to the flow of traffic.  You don't have to think that everyone is thinking about you.  Each person is thinking about himself just like you are.  They don't even notice you, that's how it is.I do it because it amuses me.  I'm guessing others do it for the same reason.They don't want you in front of them.They feel they're the leader of some sort. And you will drive behind them until they turn off. the best way to get around the idiots on the road that does this, put on your flashers and, hit your high beams @ em. Always worked for me.
cuz that's not illegal or anything.Sorry.. No way to bypass it (If it doesn't see the keycode programmed in the Pats module that ultimately tells the PCM to allow the truck to start it won't start period ) and it's controlled by another module on that vehicle so swapping PCMs and keys won't help you either.. . A ford dealer with proper ID can cut you the two keys needed to program (with a keycode after making a few calls to Ford) but still requires the cost of the keys (you need 2) and the cost of programming the keys (usually a hour charge)You should buy a key from dealer because the cops will think you are stealing it.if you dont know then you dont need to know, call a locksmith and they can cut you a key using your id number from the car , but have your registration ready , they want proof it's yoursI think you should find another career other than stealing vehicles.Getting a car started isnt the problem, what is is the sterring lock. The only way to get around that is to either pick the lock or using a hammer and bent screwdriver to break the tumblers in the lock off which will allow it to turn freely.Hey if you can afford to drive a 2000 Ford expedition at $3.00 a gallon then you can afford a dealer or locksmith to make the keys. 3 things either dont steal a car, dont keep both keys together so you wont lose them together, and check I have owned many newer ford trucks, although not an Expedition, and none of them had vats, so are you sure it even has a vats system.Perhaps you mean it has PATS (Passive Anti Theft System). It's much easier to get new keys.i think you mean pats(passive anti-theft system) if you do then it cant be done because there is a transponder chip in the key which corrisponds with the ecu (engine control unit). this then allows the vehicle to start . without a recognised code from the key the engine wont start. there is no way these systems can be bypassed no matter how good you are . men cant fly. neither can women. and pats systems cant be hotwired
Ran out of gas?There is atime that you might have more power since it is a hybrid that is because when you let off the gas and are about to stop, the hybrid motor makes its own power. When you start again the hybrid engine uses that power; the gas engine might be more powerful than the hybrid one so when the hybrid is on there might not be as much power.did it run out of rice.
Most every trailer I have seen requires a 9/16 wrench. and I usually back of 1/4 turn.makes for some toe tapper brakes.if you have air brakes you have a "bolt" that has a sleeve around it on the arm that the brake chamber is hooked to. you use a box end wrench or socket and push the sleeve in and turn the bolt clockwise to adjust in until you hit the drums then back out one quarter of a turn. thats kindof a catch all with air brakes, the manual will tell you specifics, you do this with the park brake off
for a 1978 caddy i would have to recomed a shotgun?remove the back seat and enter trunk, you will need some mussel for thisIf you have the lock cyl pulled out, next you need to stick a screwdriver thought the lock cyl opening instert it into the slot and turn the screw driver clockwise. If it was the lock cyl that was frozen the trunk will open.
Which Jaguar?. . Here's the link to their website, specs on all their vehicles there...http://www.internetautoguide.com/car-specifications/01-int/jaguar/index.html. Here that site will help you. And if you take it back to the home page of that site you can get any car you want.Which Jaguar? are you the dumb that asked the same question about BMW?
If it's a screw on filter (like a oil filter), just replace the filter. However, if it is a inline filter (fuel lines going into one side of filter & coming out of other), you may cross threaded the filter and have to replace the fuel lines. Soapy water is only good in finding gas leak(vapor form), and will never help you find a gasoline leak (liquid). Most importantly, if you don't know what it is, or does, don't mess with it!LOL.......WAIT FOR IT.....LOL....STRIKE A MATCH! LOL!. . J/K. . SERIOUSLY, I WOOD GUESS MIX ^ SOME SOAPY WATER, AND PUT IT IN A SPRAY BOTTLE. sPRAY IT ALL OVER THE FUEL FILTER, AND THE ESCAPING GASSES WILL BLOW ^ BUBBLES. tHEN YOU'LL KNOW WHERE THE LEAK IS.
probably can't -- serpentine belts are made to fit the pulleys EXACTLY. My experiance / there is NO adjustmentBelt has an automatic tensioner on it, NO adjustment.  I do know that their were alot of problems with thoose on the grand am from 94 to 01 on the v6 and 4 cylinder.  If the belt is too loose either it on wrong or the tensioner has lost its sprung!Its a spring loaded automatic tensioner. If belt is loose tensioner is broken (unlikely) or you put the belt on wrong. (can happen)
Cut out affected area and weld in new section. Any other fix is a "bandage" at best.depending o nthe frame and the condition the frame is in ,  if its just surface  rust i would sand black the frame or the section that need the attentionthen coat the frame with a epoxy primer grey or black that is in ur choice  ,but in the  case if theframe is rusted out and needs attentiion  i would cut out the area that needs attention and repair a good rear sectiong from a donor or from a supplier . . r.gibson jr
Make sure to get the same temperature thermostat and a new gasket or O ring when you buy it. Remember which way the thermostat sits on the engine block when you remove it. You might want to change that upper radiator hose at the same time. Buy some worm drive hose clamps too.drain a little coolant from the radiator to lower the fluid level below the thermostat. . remove the radiator hose from the engine block.  it's in there somewhere.  you might have to move a few things.  just don't move the distributor.remove the housing, make sure you put the thermostat back in the same way up as the old one was with a new 'o' ring. If it still pressurises and blows water out you are looking at at least a new cylinder head gasket or water pump.
use a big screwdriver or a pry bar to keep the alternator tight against the belt when you tighten the bolt that holds the alternator in place.  you don't want a loose belt, and you don't want it too tight either.Click on link below for instructions:. http://www.autozone.com/servlet/UiBroker?ForwardPage=/az/cds/en_us/0900823d/80/1e/ca/b0/0900823d801ecab0.jsp#hd1-1-2should just be two or three bolts and the electrical terminal. remove the bolts, disconnect the terminal.
Inside the battery is a series of lead plates. Battery acid (sulfuric) is poured into the battery in seperate compartments called cells. Each cell is rated at 2 volts. The lead/acid is the right combonation  for storing an electrical charge.there are several different acids that are used in car batteries, but you will find that most have hydrochloric acid, or sealed lead acid.It's that black square thing under the hood.  (The hood is the big door on the front of the car.). . Incidentally, ky_devil_pup is wrong.  It's diluted sulfuric acid, not hydrochloric.Answer-----. www.wastecap.org/wastecap/commodities/batteries/leadbatteries.htm. www.arcpress.com/tips/batteries.htmSulfuric Acid is the correct answer, says this experienced auto mechanic with a chemistry degree.  The battery creates and stores electrical power via a simple chemical process involving sulfuric acid(H2SO4), lead(Pb) plates, and distilled water(H2O).bconehead and Sulfuric is the acid of choice
coilovers on a honda.....no. if it sags, get new springs.if your installing a full coilover set its not that hard if you know the basics of taking off you tire and getting the brakes and there components out of the way then really you just have to unbolt your old spring and shock assembly and take it out of the way and put the coilover set up in its place then put everything back together. just make sure when your unbolting it from under the hood you dont remove the center nut that holds the spring in place or the spring will go through your fender and can severly hurt you or your car or someone else. but if your only installing a set of coilover springs you will have to undo the center nut but without a spring compressing tool the knowledge and experience to do it i would suggest you take it to a proffessional and pay the few hundred it will cost to have it done right. well i hope i was some help and good luck.
if you go to the library you can get a book for this. if you are not very mechanical don't even try, take it in to the shop.remove the two pins the clip and sensor wire,now use a channel lock to squeezed the old pad to push the piston in the bore.or use a big screwdriver to push it .until you have room for the new pad.do the same for the other pad,its easier if you open the bleeder screw,make sure you bleed it after you are done
i'm guessing you will need car service & repair manual  & instruction book for cd player {ha ha}. good luck.black=neg. red= ignition power. yellow= constant power. match of colors of speaker wires. . like purple to purple. purple with black stripe to purple with black stripe. . then after that you dont need the rest.. . when istalling a new cd player
Try taking the IAC off&CLEANING it. use carb&choke cleanner,clean the face of the small hole where the point sticks into,make sure the O-ring is good and it seals right.sometimes when your IAC is bad your engine will idle good when you turn on your A/C. Look for vacuum leaks too!GOOD LUCK!Not certain, but you should be able to adjust the cable on the throttle body. How many RPMS does it idle at? does it sound like its gonna die?Possibly with the timing chain.. .    That would be my guess.Go to a parts store and buy the manual for 1997 Nissan Maxim.  The cheapest is ok such as Autozone or Advaced Auto.. If that doesn't work then take it to a repair shop, don't try to do it if you are only guessing as your car my not run again , the newer the car the more problems.my guess would be either a dirty or defective IAC.. BUT make sure you use a aerosol cleaner that is safe for EFI and its electronics.. regular carb cleaner is not.
30 in. lb.Are we talking about the manifold-intake-valve?. Or the inertia valve by the spider nut and the muffler bearings?
put the cable parallel with the component u want to measure. do not put it series!It depends on what you need to measure. Whether AC from a house or DC from a car battery. Either way, you first power it on, set the dial to AC or DC, then connect the red lead to the positive terminal and the black lead to the negative terminal. If you want to get real creative with a high quality volt meter you should have the option to measure current or OHM's, which is resistance.  Hope this helps. If you have the exact model # I can get more detailedUse the highest votage setting to start with. You can select the proper voltage range later.
small claims court.  try to go through the insurance company yourself 1st.  don't waste the money if you don't have to.  but don't get obscene with them either...it won't help your case any.Small Claims court and dont look at my sources
They don't want to get hurt or die before they get to their missionthingplaceBecause they looked cool! But also because inside the helmet was the communication headset. It also kept their heads warm. Anyone acquainted with aviation or basic physics knows, the pilot's helmet has never been intended to provide protection against a crash. If the plane encounters the landscape too abruptly you're sausage no matter what you're wearing.. . from The Straight Dopefor the same reason a marine wears his gala uniform before he blows his head off.  You are supposed to be wearing your vary best (and dont forget about regulations) if you are going to kill yourself.  Clean underwear should also be nice.they needed them so they didn't pass out, that would have been a waste of time.They contained the radio headgear (gotta know where you're going).  Also many Kamakazies returned to base.  If they could not find the target or had other difficulties they returned home to wait for another mission.Cause they were stupid brainwashed dumb assesin case their plane gets hit hard before they crash the plane. Their head might slam up against the cockpit wall, knocking them unconcious.  If they're unconcious, they can't steer the plane into whatever it is they're targeting.Good question.  I guess they want to be in proper attire and complete gear when they go.for the same reason that they use an alcohol swab to kill the germs that may cause an infection to the prisoner before inserting the IV for a lethal injection.
The tires burn alot of rubber on the runway by going from ZERO to 120 miles per hour in the instant the plane hits the runway on landing. Small craft are slower.. . Most are retreads.For obivous reasons.So they have one less thing to blame if the landing is faulty.. It must strip the tires because of the size of the plane and the speed of the landing.you dont wanna have a blow out at 200 mph..bad things happenWhen you will come under the aircraft tire then you will know why they change frequently.Dear its very simple that tire run on the runway with a thousand of tones weight.the unions that change the tires also own the tire companies.  that's just how the world works.  stupid unions.  stupid tire companies.Those wheels are so tiny, taken so much pressure with all that weight and speed.  Brake brake ....oops a flat, not a pretty picture here!  Invetigator found out it was a bad tire, so changing it more frequently can save lives and aircraft.for safety measuresTires are changed frquently because the safety of passangers, crew, and a million dollar plane depends on it. The landing of a large aircraft puts a great deal of pressure on the tires, no matter how easy the pilot touches down So sidewalls weaken, after X amount of landings. Plus the RTO(auto) breaks, that help stop a plane, can wear tires down quite rapidly. Combined with velocity, and temperature of wheels, and runway all determine the need to change each tire.i was told they get the sidewall weakened by landing impacts also daylight or u/v  affects their composition
A ball bearing reduces friction without needing grease.  It is therefore useful in places where grease would be impractical.It's like the wheels on your car, they keep the car from dragging on the ground  ballbearing keep metal from rubbing together and the grease keeps them from wearing out.
2005 Saturn ION Recalls, Defects, & Starting Problems. . ION Tech [Archive] - SaturnFans Forums . [Archive] Technical Discussions about the Saturn ION Sedans and Coupes. ... 2005 Ion - have trouble starting on Cold mornings. Question for those with crank ... . www.saturnfans.com/forums/archive/index.php/f-37.htmlInstead of guessing why not take it back to the dealer?  It's still under warranty correct?
It depends if you´re talking about 2 mufflers in the same exhaust pipe or in separate pipes. If they´re in separate pipes, it is usually because the engine has two separate cylinder sets or banks (like in a V8, V6, V12 or boxer engines, like the old VW Beatles or Porches). Because the two groups of cylinders are separated, it´s easier to make separate exhaust pipes for them.One for each ear!   LOL  Sorry couldn't help myself.Keep the auto mechanics in business.They think it will make the car look cool but it really looks stupid.
Before starting any business - make sure you have enough money to open and operate it for at least 3 years without making a profit.  Most new businesses take at least that long to start making money.you might want to work in one before you start one
Well, Chevrolet had the El Camino, Ford, the Ranchero and Subaru had the Brat. Nowadays, Chevy has the SSR and Subaru, the Baja.. . Isn't it strange that both Ford and Chevy chose Spanish names for the same type of vehicle?The idea originated in Australia with the Holden Ute (for utility) amongst other manufacturers of the pick-up car style.The El Camino made by Chevrolet.ElCamino, made by Chevrolet. My friend had one with a Holley 4 barrel carb. it sounded sweet when it was revved.the chevy el cameno or gmc diobole  ( sp )  or a ford ranceroCameo truck was before the ElcaminoChevrolet had the ElCamino, Ford had the Ranchero
i used to work at u-haul.  just them give u newer version of the truck.  For gas,   if u goes over 75 miles, u will use about a 1/2 tank.  For diesel, u will use about 1/4Maybe 12 mpg.Are you talking about a van or a trailer tobe pulled behind another vehicle. Re-post this question.work for uall go some were else 5 mph
Rio Arriba County, NM?  I don't know what the answer to your question is, but I lived in Chama a lot of years ago, and hearing the name of the county sure took me back.. . p.s. don't speed anymore; it's dangerous!helllllllo
There is different additives and detergents added to these specific gear oils, as well as the diffence is viscosity.  You should stay with what your manaufacturer requires, but you can get 80/90 in synthetic.(Castrol Syntorc)  When changing your rear diff fluid, some vehicles require a limited slip additive, so be sure to check your owners manual.The viscosity. You should stick with the specific specific weight oil that your vehicle takes. Using synthetic oil is better than regular gear oil, as it usually lasts about 80K miles with normal use.YH! What they said.viscosity
Because it might blow someone up!The radios and cell phones might activate the blasting signal.  If that would happen and explosion would/could happen.I believe that stray signals from your communications devices can create stray signals in the lines that control the explosions--or at least there is a fear of that. Considering the consequences (stuff go boom), it isn't too much to ask that you turn them off.Although I don't recall ever hearing about it actually happening, in theory it is possible that a stray radio signal (or combination of signals) could trigger the devices they are using.i never knew we were suppose to. i never haveI think the reason they ask you to turn off radios and cell phones is one of safety.. If you have your equipment on, you may not hear the blast warning whistle.  . Another reason may be that your radio or cell phone might cause interference with  the blasting device. . You may set off the explosion by interfering with the remote control device the construction workers are using.. The frequency you are using might set off the blast, which would be a bad thing.
you won't like it but machette to the door wiring seems to take care of those problems for me :-) (But then I loose the use of my neeto power windows also:-(. . Truthfully, you will have to get someone to remove the door latch and replace the door ajar switch that attaches to the latch..WD40 works for a few days usually until it sticks again and boom back to same problem. . also make sure all of the doors are closing properly... sometimes the back glass doesn't close right and will cause the same problem..bringing it to a dealer will tell you which door it isSpray door latch mechanism with WD-40 or equivalent. The door ajar sensor is in door latch.did you try shutting the ajar door? if all else fails, i recommend using a hammer
If it's a rear disc brake then there's a good chance you'll need a spanner tool to screw the piston back into the caliper.  It cost me like $12 bucks at o'reilly's.  You just put it on a 3/8" drive ratchet with about a 6" extention.Get a big C clamp and use that, Or else put the caliper on the car and use a prybar between the rotor and the caliper pistion. BE VERY CAREFUL NOT TO DAMAGE THE SEAL ON THE PISTONc-clamp or visegrip dont wedge a pry bar between the caliper rotor this will put undue stress on other areasAre you able to get a large screwdriver between the upper/inner splash guard and the caliper? If so, Insert the blade end of the screwdriver between the old pad and the rotor and pry the piston closed. Do this before the pad is removed, of course.. . I have saved myself plenty of time and hassle by doing that over the years.
The reason is that your brakes need to be serviced.  This is an indicator light that turns on when the pads are running low.  In addition, it may mean that the emergency brake is loose.  Both are serious problems and you should take it in for service immediately.in some cars this is an indication that you are low on brake fluid. Take your car to a brakes place and get it checked. It may also be telling you that you need other brake maintenance.DEPENDING ON WHAT KIND OF CAR IF THERE IS A FLUID SENSOR IN THE MASTER CYLINDER THE FLUID COULD BE LOW WHEN YOU HIT THE BRAKES THE CAR DIPS DOWN IF THE LEVEL ON THE FLUID IS LOW IT WILL MAKE THE LIGHT COME ONIf the car stops ok, I dont think its an emergency sit yet, but 2 things pop to my mind right off. Brake fluid is low, more than one cause for that. Quick fix, if thats all it is, top it off and see if it comes back. Safer to get it checked. Or your pads have worn down. Best to get it checked. The difference between a $90.00 fix and $250.00 can change in a week.Check your brake fluid in the master cylinder or brakes are getting low. There is a switch on the master cylinder to check for low fluid or low brakes, it could also be power brake unit failing or vacuum leak in the power brake unit
keep your eye out shops are looking for a shop helper. you may even go with a tractor trailer shop.it is OK to start at the bottom and work your way up.look for the oldest guy in the shop and hang with him, he knows the most from experience.when i was younger that is what i did but the economy was not that strong so i had to find a different line of work.right now things do look good for awhile. good luck turning wrenches i really liked going to work then.Go to any shop and apply, I'm sure you will get hired.. Mechanics are needed everywhere.put in an application, if there is a dealership near you such as Honda, Chevy, any of those, they pay better.Go to Jobs.com post a resume and check back daily.well of course you must have you own tools you have to tell them you know what you are doing and say it proud but the most important this is you have to have experience you may have to start at a small shop fixing other things beside cars the best place to start is a rental yard. but check this out you want to be a mechanic try being a fork lift mechanic there always hiring and alot of them will train and they pay alot better then automotive with time you could make 20+ an hour depending on were you live.
Beer, hammer, a lot of cussing. Then pay someone else to do it.well there are 4 carbs, so there are 4 chokes,one on each carb.The cable runs down to linkage that opens all four.This is not something easy to do unless your a technician.the good news is I`d be willing to bet that it`s the cable sticking and not the choke mechanism itself, and that`s alot easier to fix, you lubricate it and if that doesn`t cure the problem replace the cable.First check the cable by detaching it from the linkage at the carbs, and see if it slides in and out of the sheath easily, if not lube or replace as needed..  If the cable is ok then try some honda lube on the linkage while working the choke by hand where the cable attaches to linkage.You`ll possibly need to remove the airbox cover(looks like the gastank) and remove the airbox to get the choke cable off and move linkage.It might be possible to get to it from one of the sides but I don`t think so, I am pretty sure it`s in the center of the carbs(2 on each side)..  Let me warn you that if it`s required to remove choke assemblies from carb bodies you have to seperate the 4 carbs from each other and then it will require a carb syncronization in order for it to idle smooth after reassembly..  Also there is a spring on each choke plunger that return it to the closed position and there is a rubber seal on the plunger that seals the passage when choke is off.If the spring tension is weak it won`t seat and therefore won`t shut off.Same goes for the rubber seal, if one`s bad the choke won`t shut off on that carb..   This is no easy job, and I am a honda trained tech, I don`t work on the old wings much but in the 15 years I have been at the dealership I have done a quite few of them, so take my advice and take it to a dealership and have them fix it.If it`s gotten bad enogh the choke plungers are sticking in the bore you`ve most likely got other carb issues as well. Hope this helps and prevents you a headache with those carbs.
The answer from the old biker dude is correct. If you have not replace the egr valve the light will just come on again though.Get it checked out.remove negative battery cable for 1 minute. replace cable.
It's because the vast majority of them also have extensive criminal records. Usually child molesting or murder with several DUI's thrown in. They're just like that.. . It's like asking why are all lawyers ***holes or why are all real estate agents retarded.They know that the average driver's knowlege of cars is 0, and they need to make money to live too. The temptation to sell you a $400. fuel pump when all that was needed was a $15. filter is just too great to resist.. . I was once fired for telling a customer the truth, that his car didn't NEED a new radiator. The customer thought it DID need one and the shop owner was willing to SELL him one. All that was REALLY needed was a $5. hose.. . THAT'S WHY  !!!!!!!!!I don't beleive it's always the mechanic that has the bad reputation, more along the line of the repair shop itself.. . Like in any other business, there are some good and some bad, some just parts changers as the other person stated.. . Most reputable technicians go thru serious training to become certified thru ASE or manufacturer training.. . To properly diagnose one of todays  vehicle's takes a huge amount of skill and learning processes. . . I've seen issues where even the very best technicians can't find a problem, the factory engineers are called in to help and even then, they themesleves may not know how to repair. . . The complexity of cars and trucks today is by far greater than years past, even some require a pc to be connected to the manufactuer data base before they can even start to diagnose some types of problems.. . Most technicians I've been associated with are honest hard working people. . . Sure there are a few bad apples, and to those that aren't, I give them a tremendous amount of repsect for having such dedication to not just their profession, but to their customers as well.. . Just my 2 pennies worth--great question . . Jerry Christopher. http://www.usedcarwise.comthere are a lot of techs out there that cannot diagnose a problem and just throw parts at it and then the problem never gets fixed, then there are the ones that charge you for something and don't do it but these guys are usually employed at all those local independent shops (not that they are all bad)because they are just there for the money your best bet is to take it to the dealer at least for diagnoses because even if the tech does the job wrong the dealer will correct the problem and independent shop might tell you to go pound sand. there are good mechanics out there i am one of them it is hard to make good money as a mechanic because everyone wants to pay for nothing and receive gold and YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR look for the cheapest shop get the cheapest work The biggest reason we are called liers is because the majority of people don't understand what is going on under there hood and it can be hard for a mechanic to explain it in layman's termsNEVER trust mechanics, lawyers, or doctors... AHHHHHHHH!!!BECAUSE MOST MECHANICS ARE KNOW FOR RIPPING OFF THE CONSUMER. THE GOOD MECHANICS NEVER GET CREDIT FOR THERE JOB BECAUSE THERE ARE TO MANY CROOKED ONE OUT THERE.  THEY OVER CHARGE, HALF DO A JOB OR CREATE ANOTHER JOB JUST TO GET YOU TO COME BACK SO THAT THEY CAN RIP YOU OFF AGAIN.A lot of people think gomer pyle, cooter, or grease monkey when they hear mechanic. there should be more respect for the profession, with all the models of cars coming out and the changes every year it's got to be hard to keep up. a doctor has only two models to work on, different colors and ages but still only two. BTW, have you ever asked you doc for warranty on a fix??  If the job was easy there wouldn't be the need for them, everybody would just fix it them self's in the drive way.. I think a lot of the bad rep if from a few bad apples and the lack of understanding on the owners parti am an ase master certified mechanic. i have been in shops and dealerships for the last 12 years. i think there are some unrespectable shops or mechanics out there. but i think the biggest part of the bad rep comes because news places like to set up experiments to catch the bad mechanic and all they will report is how many of the bad ones they find and not on the good places that they find. i'm at a nissan dealership right now and our manager tells us if he ever finds out that one of us sold a customer something that they don't need that he will fire us. so there are some good places out there. if you don't trust what the mechanic at one shop tells you is wrong with you car take it to a diff one and get a 2nd opinion. also ask them to save the bad part to show you and show you why it is bad. and remember that it takes 100 good experiences what a customer to gain their trust but only one bad one to loose it.. added note to the answer about the criminal record. of all the mechanics i know not one has a criminal record. esp for child molesting and we are not just like that. i have never been arrested or charged with a crime.because most so called mechanics are nothing more than part changers---very few are good at diagnosing a problemI have worked on cars for 20 years as a hobby and professionally the bad rep come from so many different angles its hard to pick the top ten as other stated there are scammers as in all other businesses its just our cars are such a vital part of our lives that when we don’t have them at our disposal because the "retard" mechanic has it in the shop we all tend to lose our mind trained mechanics spend a lot of money on training and tools to be able to perform there jobs, most states also require a license besides what licenence the shop itself has to operate which is another added cost most people's biggest complaint is the cost and the time. Mechanics are not that well paid if the shop is charging 60 dollars an hour the mechanic is only receiving less than a third of that on average around 15 to twenty an hour now on that matter if you think your mechanic is taking to long to fix it think again mechanics are paid based on the time repairs take on the vehicle based on Manufacturer time labor guides this is called flat rate the manufacture has a contractor that is supplied with vehicles and they time how long it takes to remove a part and to reinstall that part on a vehicle and all of these times are put into a book. called a labor time guide if the book states that I will take 1.0 hour to do that repair that is all that they can charge even if it takes two hours to perform the repair(there are some small add times as stated it the manual for different add-on equipment on the vehicle like aftermarket parts) I have tried for years to keep myself well trained and to be fair to my customers this was a losing battle I have since left that line of work and I personally know a lot of other really good mechanics that have also left the business of fixing cars as well for better paying lower stress work and not many younger people are moving toward this field of work as its not very glamorous work. And this will also drive up repair costs in the future. I hope this answers your questionit is because there job is worst then a doctor who can atleast ask questions and give a medicine (repair) but a mechanic deals with machines who can old stop or work but cannot complain of pain
Since your 115cc bike IS a "decent bike" (don't pay any attention to people who have never ridden anything smaller than 400cc) sit way on the rear of the bike, like on the rear fender.  Nail the throttle and at the same time yank up on the handlebars, just like you used to do on your bicycle.  This should get the front end up in the air no problem.  Just don't keep it there long, it will starve the engine for oil and wear it down quickly.sack it and buy a decent bike. better off with 400cc upwards
You shifter should be able to move even if your clutch isn't pressed. I don't recommend it; you will hear the grinding and that should make you stop.. . I think your gear linkage is broken (jammed)it runs from your shifter to the transmission.Your clutch is broken and you can´t shift gears.Is the cluth being pressed? or for an automatic, is the brake being pressed?put your foot on the brake to diengage itDo you have your foot on the brake?  That might be the problem.
The generators don't need as much iron.  Less weight.. . So why not 400Hz on the ground?  High frequency has higher impedance losses over mileage.A 400Hz provides a smoother current for electronic equipment. (cycling 400 times verses 60 provides a smoother more steady current.
buy a Chilton or Haynes manual from a car parts store.  it'll tell you how to fix most anything on your car.did you mean fix?fill your gas tank with water. that will fix any problem your car is having!If you cannot spell then I doubt you have the ability to fix your car.were you trying to say "fix?"call mechanic!!I hate to be mean but you can not even spell FIX so why would you want to even try to master auto repair. . . My Motto:. . Don't attempt ---- If you dont have the skill!!!What's the Proublem with the car?What  is it you or you're car I can what ya need only for you're car.you fexe it with a big hammer and some diesel fuel then light in on fire
If you haven't striped it to bad you can get a tool from the auto store to redo the lines for the screw to go in to.Yes the bolts can strip from taking them out once but likely the bolts were taken out and striped before you got to them. Make sure you take the original bolt with you when you go.Of course they can because of over-torquing.if you tightened them too hard.  you can stick some superglue in right before screwing the screw in and it should be fine.  Super glue adheres to plastic really well.
I've never heard that. I live in Michigan and as far as I know they're either considered freighters or ships.my car is a 5 cyl. all of them work too.
It's called supply and demand.  They have the supply, and can pretty much set the price anywhere they want.  You have the demand, and as long as you're willing to pay for it, prices will continue to go up.Ah ha, there's the rub!  I suspect that what we're really paying for at the pump is not the price that reflects what the supplier paid plus profits, tax and the like but what the supplier expects to pay in the future.  We're paying for their gas purchases tomorrow or next week.EVERY time the price of crude goes DOWN, Their story goes like this:.  it takes time for the cheaper oil to work it's way through the system and get to the pumps. . BUT every time the price of crude goes UP   GUESS WHAT??. The price at the pump is up within ONE HOUR. . Strange thing THIS week. The price of crude has been down, and pump prices are still rising............commodity. . how can the  price of gold in a safe go up and down!. . besides there are tankers filling those tanks.Good question, and I sure would like to know! The gas in our are went up 16 cents in one day!Because of the golden rule:Golden rule-He who has the gold makes the rules.
Very easy 15 Min topsit very easy to change the rim of a bike if it is front one but if it rear it it a bit difficult. u can change it i u have the tools and know a bit about the rear adjustments like the tension in the chain and the brakes and ofcourse the typre should be balnced u can ask if more help needeed
ammoniaThere is a concrete cleaner out on market you will have to find it like lowes or homedepot. Mainly used for people cleaning concrete floors in garages before they paint or seal the floor. But if you us this product ... clean the whole area. Or you will have one major clean spot showing up and rest of the area will show the dirt.
Im not sure that you can. And even if you could, you shouldn't. It might even be illegall.it is  against the law to remove them unless they replace them with the  OEM replacement   but  if u do want to pull it out and are willing to pay the fine u can unplug it and take it out with 4 or 5  bolts but then u have a big hole in the dash  and an annoying air bag light on in the dash  best bet is if u want something with out air bags buy something with out  them
If you spend a little time thinking about the RESULT of this action, maybe you will realize it's not a good idea.. Forget about it..This is a bad idea.. . Strapping down the suspension, as you describe, limits the rebound of the system.  I.E. the shocks will not recover properly when the road is uneven.not a smart thing to do.Not a good or even safe idea. If your bike has 2 rear shock absorbers, you can get lowering blocks. 1 shock, adjust the spring setting and your bike will sit lower. Loosen the triple clamps and slide fork tubes up. Take your seat to a reapolsterer (did I spell that right? LOL) to have some of the padding removed. Those are the safest methods of lowering you seat height.If I were you I would go to COSCO and buy 2 bags of Bungee Cords, they come multi colored, Use only the Blue ones and throw the rest away..Im sure the Blue ones are stronger,That way you don't have to fiddle with always tightneing the straps on tie downs and the bungee will expand on HIGH JUmps over 6 feet. Are you an IDOT or What?1st tie one end to a ceiling beam.. 2nd stand on a chair and attache the other end around your neck, make sure there is no slack. 3rd, kick chair out from underneath you.. . stupid people should not breed!!!1
better see a professional body man or dealer. your dealing with explosives. Probably not able to buy legally any waythe whole steering wheel it comes as a whole packageWhen air bags deploy, the whole SRS system becomes junk. You need to replace the air bags, the control unit, and some of the harnesses might need to be replaced. This is better left to the dealer or body shop.you do not want to attempt this on your own.  the steering wheel does not need to be replaced. but there are many things involved that you have no knowledge of and better left to a professionalWhat caused them to deploy? Fender bender, physical damage due to vandalism, etc?
if you want to feel the stick shift car riding experience or want  your car goes a little faster,move the shift level to manual and you will drive like a stick shift car except you don"t have to step on  the clutch pedal .during weekdays,i drive an automatic lexus.then on weekend,i take my porsche out for the adrenaline to kick inAutostick is an automatic transmission which can be shifted into each gear manually. It is not a manual as there is no clutch, rather it's a conventional automatic which through the use of modern electroinics, allows the driver to up-shift and downshift at their will. That said, there is an override to prevent aggressive downshifts and up shifts past redline.   For the most part, most owners just leave it in automatic mode allowing the transmission to fully control gear selection.
does it turn, as in starter?. do you have a good battery? try jumping it with out it being connected to your battery, also besure to clean connectors,Try checking the ignition module.  They can be checked free at AutoZone.If you have no pulse that would be a fuel control module problem.Did you try matches?
when the tread is gone or cracking on the sides. and if they're wearing uneven can point out a problem. Such as alignmentwhen you can see lincoln's head .  put penny in grooves head first if you see lincoln's head get new oneswhen tire tread is down to tread barsWhen you are stuck on the side of the road with a flat or you see the treds of the tire around the edge.(the little metal wires)When you can see air in your old ones!!
Your wires will be connected to the speakers. If you bought an installation kit with the amp, there should be a wiring diagram with the kit.Make sure you always have a good ground when working with electricity!noFind the speakers?
it controls the antilock braking systemThe ABS is a system that prevents the locking of the wheels when you are braking really hard or in any moment that it feels that the wheels are locking for example when you are braking in a wet surface or in snow. . The way it works is that it has sensors in all wheels to know when the wheels lock and a valve that realese the presure in each brake line so the braking force would reduce and the wheel keep on spinning.An ABS is part of your Anti-Lock Breaks system. The ABS Clip you have to be more discription on that
Could be your front seal. Pull the trans and replace it. If it still dumps fluid it's probably your front pump. In that case get ready to spend a couple thousand for a rebuild.It can be anything from a main transmission seal to a bad torque converter.  . . Hard part to answering a leak question is being able to see where the leak comes from and how it is fixed... . Generally speaking.. simple leak can be $100..  Major issue can cost up to $2000sounds like front seal,like the other guy said buy some lucas trans additive,i did and it worked.lol.GO TO A PARTS STORE AND BUY A JUG OF LUCAS TRANSMISSION ADDITIVE,IT'LL TAKE A WEEK OR SO TO WORK IF IT DOES YOU WOULD HAVE SAVE $HUNDREDS.DO NOT OVERFILL IT OR LET IT GO DRY!GOOD LUCK!!Just from your description, it souds like your rear main seal is leaking.  You can try a stop leak additive for a quick fix, but in the long run, it will need to be replaced.  The cost will get costly, due to the fact that the transmission will have to be removed.  Generally around $800-$1000
I'm not sure where you backing the vehicle from but make sure you look back and through the side mirrors and the rear view at all times before backing up. If you are going to parell park make sure you do the same.First, make sure there is nothing out of view behind you.. Second, back into the area that you know is clear.. Third, after putting it in Drive make sure there are no cars. coming.
Yeah, I would have that checked out because those fumes are really deadly and could cause some long term problems if inhaled all the time.The only way you can get gas flumes inside you car is from a leak in the exhaust system,ie exhaust manifold gaskets or a cracked manifold, you could have a crack in the  or a weld on your exhaust system.  Also you could have a leak in you fuel system, loose connection.  Until this is fixed, which I suggest you look into it right away,  let your windows down a little, this is a serious!If your vehicle has an outside air intake for air/fan/heat, you can pick up exhaust fumes from other vehicles in front of or next to you while driving, however, if you're smelling gas and not exhaust, I'd consult your local repair shop.Exhaust leak in engine area. 1.Check connections from exhaust manifold. Check for intake or exhaust leak by using a can of w d 40. Spray lightly around exhaust and intake connections. If oil is sprayed back or is sucked in, you found the leak.Remember to spray lightly, a little oil on your engine can be rubbed off with a rag.its probably an exaust or fuel leak under the hood. GET IT REPAIRED IMMEDIATLY!! EITHER ONE COULD KILL YOU!!!
Probably the best alternative in the immediate future would be diesel fuel made from coal.  The idea isn't new, that is how Hitler gassed his army in WWII over 60 years ago.  America has a LOT of coal, and the fuel is MUCH cleaner than diesel made from oil.  It will work in any diesel engine that is already on the market, and it will actually make the vehicle run BETTER.  A longer alternative will probably be to create electricity in nuclear fussion plants, (much, MUCH safer than todays nuclear fission plants), and use that energy to create hydrogen fuel cells.. . Bio-fuel is really not an option.  If we were to take all our agricultural farms we have today, and stop growing food and only grow for bio-diesel, we would only be able to produce about 15% of our needed fuel.. . Hydrogen cells are not an option yet because it takes HUGE amounts of energy to produce them.well, if gasoline is Vaporized, it is essentially turned into Propane, and is  therefore an alternative.I've done it, but here's the problem, all Vehicles from 1988 on up are Fuel Injected, and set up to run at 14.7 to 1 Air to Fuel Ratio.They can be changed over, but at great expense.But only up until 1995. From 1996 to the present all vehicles are Government cotrolled with the OBDII Vehicle Inspection System. Nothing can be changed on those Vehicles, even if Fuel Economy is improved.They must remain Factory Stock.And the "Clunker Bill" is being pushed through both State and Fed. Gov'ts, to get all the Old Cars off the Road.Because "It's good for the Children"! Here's a Website worth checking out; http://energy21.freeeservers.com/bookrep.htmlSuddenly we have that e85 or whatever it is called that GM is advertising the crap out of, but who is going to buy these.  I haven't seen a fueling station for these vehicles anywhere.  I know its early but how are they going to sell if no one can buy fuel for them.We already have natural gas busses and diesal cars/trucks in a large supply.Probably as close as we were during WWII and in 1974 during the fuel crisis.  There are substitutes, but the production, distribution and auto industry are so geared (free pun) to gasoline that the cost to switch will outweigh the benefits for many, many years.light yearshybrid cars already exist but they are not a full replacement.....a start anyway. However, some countries like India have converted most of the metro public transport (taxis, rickshaws, buses) to compressed natural gas (CNG)
i would venture a guess and say 1.5x the thickness of the original pipe.. . wouldn't it be easier to use a threaded coupling?If you are shy by more than 1/4 inch then you will either need to cut another peice of pipe to the correct length or you could get a larger diameter tube to weld over the top of it. Such as:. . You have a pipe with a 1" O.D. then you can buy a short section of pipe with a 1" I.D. and slip it over the end of the pipes that you want to join. Position it over your gap and weld in place. . . But as another answerer said the best way to do it is by adding a threaded coupling if you have a pipe threader.. . Git 'er Done!
The same way you do on earth if you don't have a compass...By celestial navigation. You triangulate your position by sighting on three known celestial bodies and computing the angles to give you a reference to your own position.I know some satellites are programmed to find and lock onto certain stars. That's probably how they got to the moon accurately.Stop and ask for directions.
Park it somewhere with the windows open for about 2 weeks. It worked for me.tomatoe juice, and lots of itMyth Busters discovered the same thing....Tomato Juice.. . I do find the new sprays like Fabreeze also helpI just want to say thank you for eliminating another skunk.  We have a few of them in our semi-rural community.  Probably somebodies escaped pet descided to repopulate our neighborhood.  Oh Yes... try tomato juice.it whears off with time my husband used window cleaner to get most of it out for our car but if can hurt your car paint...i know poeple use tomato juice on pets who get sprayed by one maybe that with workPet stores have soap to remove skunk odor from dogs. Get enough to mix up a 5 gallon solution of soap/water( 1 qt soap to gal water) and spray underside of car. One of those pump-up lawn chemical tanks, available at home/garden store, will work.
The first answer is correct.  One thing to look for though, you should check the alignment of the pully the factory pully has a tendency to wear and pull out of true center.  This will cause your belt to wear as well as cause your water pump to leak.  The factory pully is a pian to chainge but the after market is easyer to install.Usually on a pickup or van equipped with a power stroke, it has a chart under the hood which tells in what direction to move the breaker bar to releave tension (as it will also give belt routing information). Going from memory you will see a square hole toward the passenger side of the motor at the bottom where you put a 1/2 breaker bar in and releave spring tension by tuening in counter clockwise.. It is pretty much like the tensioner you are used to on newer GM vehicles (the ones that use the slot for a breaker bar)
GROSS INCOME IS BEFORE TAXES AND OTHER DEDUCTIONS,AND NET IS WHAT YOU BRING HOMEGross income is the total pay before tax deductions, but after non taxed items, such as insurance or 401k savings plans. Net income is your "take home pay", or pay after all the deductions. This includes federal tax, state tax, FICA, uniform rental, or anything else your company may deduct from your pay.first its not cross income, its a Gross Income. it mean that your total income with deduction of your bills. and the net income is: after deduction your net income.The first answer stated the fact. Spell checking is sooooo important.. .    I do have something to add however.. .    "GROSS" is actually the feeling we often get when we see what the "NET" is.. . Rev. Steven
Through your local paper. Or you can try ebay.Right Something On The Truck. Like Your Phone Number. The Price Your Selling It For.I would sell it on autotrader.com.  it is the largest auto website on the internet.ebay, local newspaper, autotrader.com, trade it in to a local dealer, sell it for parts (if it's in bad shape)Advertise it as a boat anchor.  Just kidding, I think a vehicle of this age would do best in the local advertising papers.post it on ebaytry ebay or u'r local auctionPut a "For Sale" sign on it with your phone number and the price you want for it. Put the truck in a busy part of town in a parking lot... or even in front of your house.. . Or you can go to Carmax, their slogan is "We'll buy your vehicle, even if you don't buy ours."ebay.com
Buy a scan tool and find out the real reason why it is coming on.  If you disconnect the battery, the code will come back.i take it to the dealer for that they have the right knowlage.take it to a shop who have a electrian, they help for sure and a dealer can cheat you with its cost.turn off engine take negative cable off the battery for 10 min with cable off after 10 min put key in ignition turn on and off 4 times then put neg cable back on should do the trick if it doesnt you need to see a mechanic good luck:)Unless you have the right equipment, take it to the dealer, or a ASE Certified Mechanic.  Do Not try to reset it by disconnectiong the cables.  It will still be stored in the vehicles "Brain"
so it dose not roll away if the parking break failseFor safety. So the trailer does not move on its own  for any reason.To avoid having the rubber in their tires glue itself to the asphalt.When the trailer is in a hot area and on asphalt that is not sealed the weight of the trailer will sink into the asphalt. So this is why the drivers carry around the planks of wood you see under the wheels. If blocks of wood are in front and rear of the wheels this is to keep the trailer from moving and the two snall wheels in front will not fold up and the trailer falls down in front. Chief
This question has been asked and answered dozens of times in the past month or two, so I'm not going to try to improve on the best answers already given. Search for previous answers and get a clue...by logging a minimum 40 flight hours, some with an instructor, some solo. Next is passing the FAA knowlege test, and practical flight test with the appointee from the FAA. It is not that tough, and usually costs about 4-6k in the USA.check out a flying school. you can sometimes find them at local airports.
I'm not sure. It may be that not many people ride bikes in the rain, and those that do may have rear mudguards or may wear clothes that the mud is easy to clean off of.The looks of the bike.  Metal mud guards scream "old fashion" and not "practical."bikes use to have fenders back when I was a kid.  I hate the mud splash too.  To make bikes lighter the fenders were eliminated... then the companies realized how much they were saving on bike manufacturing and never brought them back for the leisure bikers.....  kinda sad... nothing like a nice ride after a storm when it has cooled it off a few degrees in the summers.They used to!  Then, in the 1970s ten speed "english racers" became very popular. No fenders...very thin tires.  That was followed by the mountain bike.  The fenders got banged up on off-road stints, so no one used them.. . Regular plain touring bikes are still out there WITH the mudguard... you just have to shop for it, because it's no longer the popular style.Not sure but up until the point at which mountain bikes came in just about every bike did have a rear mudgaurd as standard.  You could always buy one from a bike shop.. . One reason might be that the mud and dirt gets jammed between the mudguard and the brake mechanism (if it's the cantilever type of brakes).because bicycle manufacturers and sellers think that the reverse skunk stripe of mud on a cyclist is HILARIOUS!!!becuse the mud gards look gayhalfords said if I needed them I could buy some!!!!! He said it wasn't neccesary, depends if its raining really!!!
anything you get that will remove the glue will harm your seat...  my advice is to ask a used car dealer who they use for interior repairs.  then if the color gets comprimised they are able to fix itWooo. A toughy. Nail polish remover gets rid of it, but may damage the leather.. Over time, the glue will wear off. I'm thinking that may be the safest way to go.. Of course, why are you gluing things over your leather seats? And without something covering them?  ;)Do you have the package for the super glue still?  Most packages for things like that have methods for removal on them.  If not...energine may work and it won't damage the leather.
I believe that they are done on a milling machine. But some A hole will probably tell you to use a hack saw or three cornered file.You have it done,by Pro's with the right machines
hello my name is bob and saw your posting about fuel pump replacement. i am a mechanic and own a repair shop what would you like to know ? i can either tell you or i can fax or email you the step by step procedure if that helps. let me know.1. Go to the auto parts store and purchase the new fuel pump, fuel filter, and fuel tanks straps.. . 2. Use up or remove as much fuel as possible.. . 3. Once you have the tank dropped, you will see the pump is locked in place with a large ring. remove and replace as needed.. . 4. The tanks straps can be returned if you did not break either of the others while taking down the tank. Replace the filter for your.drop the gas tank undo the center of it pull out  put in new put back in use blaster or wd40 on bolts ond clean top of gas tank first
depends how bad it is, glass may be ok or it may need replaced. i don't know i can't see window.Take it to a windshield repair shop. They can drill it out, pull a vacuum and fill it with a special epoxy for 1/10 of the cost to replaceToo late , windshield is trash. There are some epoxies that might fill the mark if you can get the metal out of the glass.
highway is a road with minimal stops,usaully high speed. the byway is a street that has traffic going both directionsI'm not sure but I think the differance is the highway is a main hi speed road.. A bi way or by way is a secondary roadOk, i recently drove cross country and although i have thought of this question before, it really plagued me on this trip.  should i take the byway?  anyway, i think that i know the answer.  you know what a highway is, but a byway is a road that, usaully, is more scenic than the highway, but, it goes to the same destinations.  It is literally "by" the "high"way.  happy travels.
you dont need bass blockers.  dont ever use bass blockers.  you should have a crossover on your amp. set it to 200 hertz and above for your 6x9s and that will take out the bass that is too low and make it sound right.sounds like you need to go to a stereo shop and have them fix you up. No not best buy or circut city, a good custom shop.make sure you dont hook it up straight if you want to enjoy your speakers have a crossover for custom sound
What's a quad?  Is it 4-wheeler?  If so, then I don't think that any child or adolescent should use it.  My rule of thumb is only let those who have driver's licenses. 4-wheelers are very dangerous.. . Sorry man - I'm not on your sideMan that is tough, how old are you.  You are going to have to work on trust with your parents, does things are dangerous to inexperienced users and no parent would want to buy their child one of those.  you may want to try the old, will only ride it in the backyard.  or try playing it up to your dad, about how cool it is and how he would have fun too.  BUT BE VERY CAREFUL, UNLESS YOU CAN HANDLE IT YOU CAN REALLY GET HURT, THEY GO SURPRISINGLY FAST.  If you could go to a training school I would recommend it in the strongest terms possible.It depends on your age.  Quads can be extremely dangerous to the young and naive.  You should wait and save your money so that way when you do get it you will take care of it.Tell them if they don't buy it for you now while you are young,you will just buy it later and not have close to the experience if you had one earlier....and it could be dangerous (give them the guilt trip)  If it's about the price, get a used older/smaller quad.  Learn how to work on it and ride well.  Maybe your parents will see your dedication and skill level and they will help you out with a nicer one.  The younger you learn, the safer it is. Just don't ride stupid and risky until you know your skill level and are comfortable with jumping, or racing.
Depends upon which f-150 you have.... . The one called a f-150 heritage (looks like a 97-03 model) probably needs to have the throttle body cleaned or needs to find the air leak if you are having idle problems. But idle is non adjustable cause it uses a Idle motor for idle.. . The new body style f-150s, forget it..uses drive by wire... computer controls everything including basic opening... do the checks above if you have idle concerns.There should be an adjusting screw on the throttle body...where the cable comes into it. Is it idling too fast, or what is the problem? Is or has the check engine light came on?Don't ever tell anyone to adjust the idel on a efi, sefi, mpfi car you idiot. But anyways, there is probably a vacuum leak, junk on the throttle plates or a bad iac (or cruise depending on your truck)
I haven't seen that much in performance parts for the BMW R1200C.  Rhinewest offers a performance chip for the fuel injection computer, and the Pirates Lair has a few parts for other BMW R-bikes that could be made to fit your model.  Check their web sites below...If the bike is standard, there are loads of 'bolt on' goodies to give you a few more hp from the engine.. the first thing you should do is make sure it has been serviced to bmw specification by a good mechanic.. it depends how much you want to spend, and also on local regulations as to what you can do.. the most common modifications are replacement exhausts, air filters and modifications to the fueling.. if you dont know anything about these things ( i assume you dont or you wouldnt be asking this question) then it would be advisable to go visit your local dealer and see what they can do for you.. there is a huge risk in causing permanent damage if you play about without knowing what you are doing,especially when it comes to fueling adjustments. You also need to think about any possible warranty considerations.
It is indeed static. Your car has lost a ground. Did you have brake work or bearings done recently?Static.Holding onto the metal door handle or whatever you can touch that's metal while exiting will ground out the staticsunil is right! Could be you wear wool clothing, could be your shoes rubbing on the carpet...etc.You can solve this problem by getting a different brand of tire,Yes,I am serious.Check with a local tire store and see.You are building up static electricity when you slide across your car seat...Did you know this small spark can ignite gas fumes when filling up your fuel tank? true also it happens to women more then men because most men stand by the pump while a woman goes and sits back in the car to stay warm....also sliding fuel cans across the bed of a pickup can also cause static electricity and ignite gas fumes..Don't forget cell phones small electrical spark from them and its boom boom also..The net has video this happening in gas stations..Does it happen often not really but why take the chance cause it can happen..their really is some thought into fuleing a vehicle.This is normally caused by static electricity.  use a static guard spray like for clothing or use a dryer sheet rubbed over seats.YOU HAVE A DEAD SHORT POWER WINDOWS POWER LOCKS CHECK WIRES ONES LOOSE
Clogged oil filter.if you haven't over filled it and you have replaced the filter then your sensor could be going out. I had a ford that showed low or no pressure.. I was about to check the pump, but the guy said try this first.. the sensor was bad.. also if it is cold the pressure can be high, you should not put any load on any engine until it is warmed up to operating temp. Especially 6's 8's and any dieselsCould be a faulty sensor but if your balooning or blowing up oil filters its the results of internal engine damage, best case scenario; a clogged pressure relief spring.You need to test the oil psi switch by hooking up an external oil pressure gauge and compare that with the gauge on the dash. Also check your oil, make sure you don't have any coolant in it, they are good for leaky lower intake gaskets.
That is normal because when you park the car, the fan that cools the radiator stops. So the coolant and temperature gage increase in temperature. If the coolant overflows the fill tank when you park the car and you can see it dripping on the ground underneath the car, then you have an overheating problem that needs to be fixed.sounds like the thermostat is sticking on it. try to put a new one in and see if that works. they don't cost much at all.tHE HOT WATER IN THE MOTOR IS JUST SITTING STILL ON THE SENDING UNIT AND NOT CICULATING AND COOLING. DRIVE IT!This is normal and not something to worry about if the truck is not overheating and boiling all the coolant out of the resevoir. When you are driving the fan which runs off the water pump pulley pulls air through the radiator and keeps the coolant temp at the normal level in conjunction with the thermostat. When you shut off the engine there is no airflow through the radiator anymore to cool the coolant and the temp will go up a little in the engine.
Thats a new one to me...DID YOU MAKE THAT UP TO START SOMETHING?My green Kawasaki ZX6RR is NOT bad luck!! ;)First heard that when I bought a green car years ago, and a friend refused to get in it. So its' not just bikes, it's any green vehicle. Why green? It's the colour of the leprechaun in Ireland, and they are pretty unlucky beings.Same reason as green fishing boats?. (which I don't know...)I wasnt aware of that fact. But I should point out that during WWII, all Harleys were green - Camo green! Maybe its a left over from wartimes? Im aware that Harley riders put little bells on their bikes - the point is to ward off "engine gremlins", because the bikes are so unreliable (or at least they were). That practice (of using a little bell) comes from fighter pilots in WWII, putting them onto the engines of their planes so they wouldnt fall out of the sky...not to many years ago it was bad luck to race a green car or motorcycle.  one of those old superstitions that i think started in dirt track racing.  even today if you follow nascar you will rarely find a green car
Could be the gauge. It could also be the cable or sensor or the little plastic gear if equipped.The most common cause is a bad motor in the cluster (instrument panel). I found one on e-bay for the daughters neon for about 50 bucks. The cluster can be rebuilt also for a bout $125.. . It is possible the sensor on the transmission is bad, but it is usually the cluster.
Take your car to a detailer.  You might hurt it in some way and damage something.  Leave it to the pros or take a class.WITH SOAP AND WATER.Very carefully. If your car has a distributor ignition system. You must keep it water tight or your car may not run any more. Also make sure to cover up the carb or throttle body if you have one. Watch how you spray around the alternator, it could also get damaged. I would recommend using a low pressure water hose. After all of that I would start with something like a spray one Mean Green degreaser or a good foaming degreaser. Then rise and use a good metal polish on valve covers and anything else metal, then use an armor all protectant for hoses and any plastic trim you may have. By this time your engine sound look like new. You can also add some detailing features like spray painting any thing that may look old and dull. Painting your block is also a nice touch. If your exhaust manifold are looking rusty. They make a high temp stainless looking paint that will brighten that up as well. I hope that this info helps.i agree with the engine degreaser foam. but you are supposed to let the engine run untill it is at normal operating tempature then spray on the foam (at a car wash) let the foam set for about 15 mins. then pressure wash it off. repeat if nessasary. engine degreaser will probly take alot of paint off of the engine. and be carfull not to get it on the outside of your car. if you have a distributor. cover it or your car wont start untill its dry inside.Buy a degreaser from any parts store, go to the carwash, shut your car off, open the hood, spray the degreaser liberally all over engine, allow to sit for a few minutes, start the pressure washer, wash your engine with high presure wash, rinse and allow a few minutes for your electrical components to dry out before starting.Spray some purple cleaner or degreaser on it then pressure wash it, just make sure not to get your distributer cap wet because if you do the car won't crank.Parts stores carry a lot of spray on - hose off engine cleaners. On built up deposits of grease use a stiff bristle brush after you spray the cleaner on.I like to go to one of the car washes that allow people to open their hood and spray the engine down with hot water as well as wash the car itself. You can also spray everywhere under the car to get road salt and mud off etc. You might want to keep from directing the full force of the pressure wand at the more delicate components, and minimize the risk of water getting into the ignition parts, but a little water won't hurt them, since they're designed to handle some rain water and such. Hot water will help melt the engine grease, and this approach is better than attempting a "steam cleaning" process which I don't think is recommended for auto engine cleaning anymore. You could bring a can of engine degreaser to spray on the hot engine (before pulling into the stall) where the grease build-up is the worst on the engine and oil pans etc.I assume you are speaking about the outside of the engine not the internal parts.. . First thing is to start with your engine cool..meaning nothing is hot..the car has been sitting without running for at least an hour.  You can visit your local automotive parts store and purchase a can of engine cleaner.  Then follow the instructions.  Most likely after the engine has been cool you spray the foam all over the engine, let it sit for a while then spray water to wash off the gunk.. . Make sure you sit your car in a place that you will not mind being contaminated.  Because all sorts of grease and oils will drop from the engine once you clean it.
Some cars have a dimmer switch somewhere on the dash. First check to see if someone turned it down too far.If they are burned out you will have to remove the complete gauge cluster to get access to the bulbs in the back. Be careful doing this if you have to because some cars have flex wires on the back that are very easy to break.lite bulbs in the odometer and ur gaguges are probaly burnt out or the fuse to the gauges is shotASK YOUR CAR DEALER FOR HELP   THEY SHOULD NOT CHARGE YOU TOO MUCH TO HAVE IT LOOKED IT
steelpak has a sort of steel wool like packing and glasspak has a fiber glass like packing.  most standard mufflers are a combo of steelpak and charcoalglass pak is just that, ground up fiber-like glass, where as steelpak is like steel wool, rusts easiersteel and glass
Without actually hearing it, I can't say for sure.  My best guess is water pump.  It has a pulley driven by a belt on the passenger side of the engine.  If the pulley can be wiggled, then the pump must be replaced.  Ask around for a recommendation for a good, honest mechanic and have him check it.I suggest you check(or get a friend to) for loose fan bolts.Also check that pulleys and mounting for the alternator ,a/c pump,etc are solid.This means anything the fan belt drives.Twist belt to see underside to see if is coming apart.If you have to take it for service,take someone with even if they just stand by and look wise!Best Wishes.It's probably the heat shield over your exhaust manifold(flat, curved piece of metal on lower front as you look in the engine compartment).This will cause no damage,it's just annoying as hell.. You can just remove it,or (recommended)pop rivet it down until it doesn't rattle any more.^^like Mike said, there is a belt, doesn't mean it's a "fan" belt...some vehicles have idlers, water pumps, power steering pumps, alternators and fans running on belts, with 2, 3 or 4 different pulleys to check.  Find a mechanic you think you can trust(ask friends, family, and don't go alone).  Ask to look under the hood with him.A 96 Pontiac sunfire doesnt have a fan belt. They run on electric fans. No belt. .   .   If there is noise or vibration coming from the fans, turn off the car, DISCONNECT THE BATTERY, and see if there are any chunks or pieces missing from the blades, which could throw them off balance, thus creating vibration and noise.
Because people were buying the PT. Auto makers always copy what sells.Because the pt cruiser did good, so they figured that they could make more money with a model of their own. The HHR does look sweet though.becasue they probably needed something to compete with it, since the aveo isnt doing it's jobits not a copy. does it look anything like a pt cruiser.the pt cruzer was resonably priced chevy is way up there in pricehell i dont know ask chevyThe guy who designed the PT Cruiser helped design the HHR. And as to a previous answer, the HHR is less expensive thatn a PTIf I was selling widgets and making billions, you would copy it too.
Ok,You CAN do it yourself.Go to the parts house,or even Wal-Mart,in the automotive section,and buy an r-12 to 134-a recharge kit.It will have the coolant with it,and will give you instructions.However,they do not recommend using that in a unit that has not been professionally switched over,but I have always done my own.Make ABSOLUTELY sure that you put the coolant in the proper port.You can tell which one,as the wrong port gets a LOT hotter than the proper one.It is easy and cheap to do,if you follow the instructions.It comes with a gauge that will show you when it gets properly filled.ok,first of all,if it needs recharging then there IS a leak.This has to be repaired or its just going to leak out again.So now you need a leak detector which is more expensive then getting someone to repair it.Can you see where this is going? I wont go into it but it gets better($$$$$$).Bite the bullet and take it to a tech that has the proper equiptment to do the job right the first time.I may be totaly wrong but I dont think (unless you are a licensed heating and air professional) you can even buy the refridgerant commercialy anymore. You may want to get more oppinions or check with your local Auto Zone or automobile parts supply store.First of all, you need some dye to find out why you are re-charging your A/C.  . & if you do do-it-yourself, then watch that low-pressure cycling switch.  They blow easily when you don't know what you are doing?Don't even think about it. . . Take it to a professional and get it done properly. . These guys cost because they are experts, have the licences and the equipment.. . Let them do what they are trained to do.. . P.S I am not an air-con engineer, I pay to have mine done. . Hope this helpsfirst  you have to have the tools to do if with ,and no you have to change it to the new  kind they useing,,be cheaper to let a shop do it,,check around for the best prisYou don't.  You'll shoot your eye out by freezing it if you don't know what your doing.other than the fact that you can kill yourself or cause serious injury.... please don't attempt. I know you're trying to save money, but the risks are too high and costly
Japan doesn't even have a landmass the length of a run from Michigan to Florida.. Japan is a smaller country with more people per square mile.. More riders per mile of track. US would have too much maintenance.. America is too spread out.we know how to driveWe can't even get our slow moving commuter trains to stay on the tracks and now you want to have a bullet train? Gee that makes a lot of sense, you get my vote for secretary of transportation.I think we should have bullet trains too. It's probably because it would cost too much.We like our cars and independence too much.Six hours?  I'd be the lucky guy sitting next to some family with a cranky baby.  ugh!because u wont pay for it, japan is not a democracy
It should have a dipstick to show you.  If not, look up the manufacturer on the internet and see if they have an online owner's manual for your model.If it has no dipstick, there's probably a small cap on tha front or rear of the eng block. Remove the cap and fill until oil runs out, then cap it up. Make sure the eng is level.. . If changing the oil, it usually takes about 3/4 to 1 quartEvery lawn mower I have seen has a dipstick. Other small engines sometimes have 2 "cork like things" on the sides where the oil goes and you just fill her all the way up.Got the owners manual? If Not, there should be a dispstick where the oil goes, read it.Mine takes 20oz. When in doubt, measure how much you take out when you drain it or check the owners manual. Most mowers take 20 oz, thats why they sell lawnmower oil in 20oz bottlesYou never specified hp or brand, most pushmower engines take 20 ounces... the bigger engines around 1.5 quarts. NO WHERE NEAR 7 0r 8.... if your unsure, check the engine manufacturers website, they most likely have a list.If you are referring to a riding lawn mower, you should have a dip stick to show the full level.  Usually stamped in the dipstick, or with two notches on the side.  Fill to the top notch in this case.  If you are referring to a push mower which most do not have a dip stick but just a fill cap, you fill the reservoir until the oil level just touches the fill cap.  If you overfill, don't worry, when you put the cap back on the excess will just spill out on to the deck.  The fill cap is set by the manufacturer at the exact height on the motor to prevent overfilling but if it is not touching then it is low.  Just make sure you are on level ground when filling.MOST LAWN MOWERS TAKE 5/8 QTS.until its full
the oil pump is located on the front of the engine behind the crank pully you must remove the timming belt cover and belt the crank pulleys and the oil pan then there is about 12 bolts or so that hold the oil pump to the engine block installation is the reverse however this is not that easy of a job if you dont have experince in this field i recomend taking it to a certified tech if you dont time the engine corectly you can cause further damage. you will also want to replace the t-belt waterpump and oil pickup tube at this time so you dont have to do this job over again in the near futurethe oil pump is located on the front of the engine behind the crank pully you must remove the timming belt cover and belt the crank pulleys and the oil pan then there is about 12 bolts or so that hold the oil pump to  the engine block installation is the reverse however this is not that easy of a job if you dont have experince in this field i recomend taking it to a certified tech if you dont time the engine corectly you can cause further damage. you will also want to replace the t-belt waterpump and oil pickup tube at this time so you dont have to do this job over again in the near future
Copyrights are issued by The Library Of Congress, not sure about a car club name. The link is listed below for the web site.You must find a good attorney.
To convert from Kilometers to Miles, multiply the kilometers by 0.62. To convert from Miles to Kilometers, multiply the miles by 1.61One mile is 1.6 kilometers.  If you have 10 kilometers to get miles you have to divide by 1.6.Rough calculation is that 1 kph equals 6/10 of a mph (100 KPH equals 60 MPH)Kilometres to miles - divide by 8 and then multiply by 5. Miles to kilometres - divide by 5 then multiply by 8.. If I want to do the calculation in my head, I find this the easiest method; otherwise its mutiply/divide by 1.6
I'm not sure about your year, but look on your fuse box cover. It may say on there.pull 1 at a time out until you see the one that is blown
It shouldnt be on unless there is a problem. It's not a resettable light. And disconnecting the battery won't always reset the computer...you could disconnect the battery.  It would also reset the computer.I don't know what a security light is.  But when my check engine light goes on my ford, I unhook the batter for 15 to 20 minutes.  The computer chip memory is erased and I start over.  Maybe this will work for your pontiac.
Most likely your speakers are trying to pull more then the amp can hold.fo example= 1-200 wat amp/1-400 watt speaker. Find out how many watts the amp is and then find out how many watts the speaker is and do the math, the amp should be around 100 more watts then the sub.My .02 cents.  Previous answers all good, could also be the following:. . 1) Hot hot is that amp getting?  If it has an overheat protection circuit it will cut out until it cools back down.. . 2) How high is your gain set?  If you take an already higher-voltage (3.0v and higher) and turn the gain up on the amp all the way, you are going to clip your signal...to the point where your protection circuit will intermittently shut off output power. OR will make your amp temps go up, which I mentioned in step 1.. . Even if this doesn't help you out, I would recommend using a fan to cool the amp down.  I am in the process of designing a circuit that will cool my amps for 5 mins after I turn the iginition off (same thing as a turbo timer), and hopefully I won't be needing to use warranty exchange on the amps I have.You don't have enough battery supporting your amp. It will keep cutting off because you dont have its own poer supply.check the ohm rating of the speakers if they are 2 ohm then the amp could be shutting down to protect its self most 2 channel amps only handle 4 ohm loads.There are many reasons. Lots of times it is just poor wiring. Bad speaker wiring, poor ground. Second is low battery voltage. You need a Power Cap. You can test this with a volt meter. With you stereo cranked check the battery voltage. Should stay above 12 Volts and thats low. Ideal is 13.8 Volts.The cables are not prperly connected or not tight enough so when u bump they loosen up
probably mildew or possibly dirt and leaves over cowl panel(near wipers) is cause of smell. If car has any leaks around doors or windows check for mildewed carpet or insulation under dash/locating exact source of smell is first step in getting rid of ityou could be smelling leaking coolant from the heater core or your carpet got wet and is mildewingMy guess would be that the carpet has gotten wet, possibly from melting snow from shoes, and is now mildewing. Try spraying some Fabreez onto carpeting.This one is hard to answer because sometimes when people complain of "feet" smell they're actually smelling "bunghole", which has an altogether different cause.. . Your best bet is to trade the car in and let the dealer worry about it. Most car salesmen don't mind the smell of "feet" or "bunghole" so they won't mind at all.it might be that the ac evaparator has gotten mildewed from the moisture staying on. there are some products out there to solve the problem but i'm not sure to tell you where to find them. we sell them at our dealership so i'm not sure if you can get them at a parts store. to help keep the problem from happening put your ac vent on fresh air before you turn your car off to help dry the evaparator out. or it can be what the others sugested. most of the time if the smell isn't from the ac vents then the carpet has gotten wet and mildewedmaybe cause there something else in there that smells like feetwell to be honest maby you need to wash your feet or maby some one else that rides in your car does
Learn how to perform a "Valsalva" maneuver on your ears when descending.. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valsalva_maneuverOkay, you get this because of something called the law of inertia. When the plane id descending, the organs and fluid in your body stays in the position, that means, think you were at 4000 ft and are descending to 3000 ft, your body tries to stay at 4000 ft and refuse to go down to 3000. And when you go down and the internal body goes up, it sends lots of blood to the brain, so much that you feel pressure on the brain which you experience as a severe headache. And because of the strong pressure on the brain, the headache lasts for a day or two.Please tell me you are not an airline pilot!It could be your sinuses..  As we ascend and decend, there are changes in the air pressure. Some people pop their ears to over come this, but you may have blocked sinus passages that dont allow you to do this.i get that too its because of the pressure changes it effects your sinus and yopu get pressure pains. try taking some paracetamol before you fly.
It is denser.  There is more petroleum by weight in a gallon of diesel than a gallon of gasoline.  There is also more energy available from a gallon of diesel, so it is worth more.Because of the taxes placed on it.  . . There are more taxes imposed on diesel fuel because it is used by larger automobiles (i.e. semi-trucks).  It's the governments way of having shipping companies help pay for highway and road repair. Huge amounts of weight traveling caused by semi-trucks is one of the many causes of potholes and cracks on the roads.Diesel is needed by the large trucking companies. It's kind of sad they would charge so much for it considering its essentially the leftovers from creating gasoline.diesel is the "waste" of refined gasoline. taxes and the fact that all large vehicles (semis,trains,etc.) rely on the fuel are the major reasons that diesel is higher.
trade it in. You will have new spark plugs after that.Twist and pull off the wires on the top of the valve cover. The wires must go back on the same plug, but they are marked 1-2-3,and 4 on the coil (thats where the other end of the wires go). It will be hard to get them out of order, but still you may only want to do one cylinder at a time. The cylinders are numbered 1-2-3, and 4 from the front of the ngine to the rear (left to right if you are in front of the car). . Once you have removed the wire/s from the plug, use a 5/8" spark plug socket and an extension  and ratchet to remove the plugs. Check the gap om the new plugs and screw them back in. Tigthen til they just seat, the turn an additional 1/4 turn only. TIP, to help get them started, use a piece of rubber hose on the end of the plug as a tool to start it into it's hole, then finish as described above. . . If you have 50,000 or more miles on your car, it's probably a good idea to change the wires also. They are fairly cheap.. . Good Luckit easy take it to your macanic. or the dealer ship.You will need to first buy new plugs, 4 most likely. Then, see if the car has a coil pack, or ignition coils for each cylinder. If you have a coil pack, then trace the wires to the plugs, usually on top of the motor, or toward the front (grill). Remove one wire, and one plug at a time.. . If you have ignition coils, then you need to take the coil off the top of the plug, usually a small nut. Then take the plug out, and replace the coil. They are usually small and square, held on by either one of two short bolts.can some one say a AUTO SHOP!  NA JUST KIDDIN!  IF THIS IS YOUR FIRST TIME YOU MIGHT WANT TO GET SOME ONE TO SHOW YOU CAUSE IF NOT YOU CAN REALLY MESS UP YOU CAR.  I HOPE YOU DIDNT TAKE THIS ANSWER AS AN INSULT I WAS JUST BORED!
The wheels and tires used on Chevy vs GMC are different in style and weight. The front bumbers and grilles are different and vary in weight, the shocks used are different on GMC than Chevy. Many GMC's have a floor shifter and many Chevy's have column shifters. Remember that for every extra pound the GMC weighs, it progressively reduces load-carrying capacity, even with a trailer. The Chassis itself is identical. On 4x4 models the transfercase on GMC's are different, which could account for a lot of weight difference. The Bravada has Smart-Trac full time AWD, and out weighs both Chevy and GMC, but is considered more luxurious, even though it tows less..AW, come on. Don't you already know that 75% of the answers you get here are guesses????. . Try climbing out of the car and see if it doesn't get 200lbs lighter....(just a guess). . OH, I really crack me up!!!!. . UPDATE:  now that you've put your picture up, I respectfully withdraw my smart-alec answer........Cause Cheby don t know what day doing BUY A FORDFor a long time GMC's have used heavier (thicker) gauge steel (or aluminum, or fiberglass) body panels than their corresponding Chevrolet counterparts. Other than that the trucks are virtually identical.
the term knurl refers to the grooved marks on the shoulder of the stud, that grip the sides of the hole when it is driven in to the axle. the knurl must be long enough to engage the axle hole in it's entire depth, so the stud will not work loose. as the stud is driven into the axle, some of the knurls will distort, locking or jamming the stud in.10 DOLLAR WORD CHANGE THEM OUT."One of a series of small ridges or grooves on the surface or edge of a metal object, such as a thumbscrew, to aid in gripping."
Well, first, you need to know how to read and write in the English language.  Seems like you do not yet qualify on that count...need to know how to deal with nasty, bitchy, late and pissed-at-you people. (their flight being late or luggage being lost will always be YOUR fault.
There is a book you can buy called, "How to rebuild my small block chevy".  You can get it at most auto stores.  It is great and has a lot of hints for getting things right.  I used it to build my first 350 to race at Flat Rock speedway in Michigan.Depends on what you are doing. Complete ground up rebuild, get a manual. Just trying to beef up an engine? Start with the exhuast. A good set of headers, high flow cats and high flow mufflers does wonders for just about any vehicle. Best bang for the buck. Next, look at intake...cold air induction. Chip if computerized. Good manifold is worth its investment. Then look at a cam that matches the heads, the intake, the exhuast, and the way you are going to drive it. Last, look at heads, stroking, etc. Pretty much in that order, from best gains per dollar to lowest gains per dollar.. . . Don't get biggest heads, bottom of the page camshaft, and largest carb you can find, it will run like crap. IE a 296 cam, some old camel back heads, a high rise intake, and a holley 850 on a worn out 350 will run horribly. On the other hand, taking a 350 in a truck, installing some headers and a free flowing exhuast, a good intake (edelbrock makes one for tbi, free chip too) and a K&N air filter will be reasonably priced, and perform wonderfully. Just keep the parts matched. If you are going to drive it everyday, keep everthing to work in the 1500-5500 RPM range. Keep the carb small if you go that way...almost no engine can draw 850 cfm and cruise through town at 25 mph while running worth a dang. Stick with a good 500 cfm electric choke carb. Can't pull more air than that without spending some big bucks on heads, cam, valvetrain, stall converters anyway. Be realistic with parts, and you'll be happier!
try checking the fuel pressure regulator.  also the relay to the fuel pump.maybe it's boredIf your fuel pump goes out quite often there are a couple of things water isnt good if u have had water in the gas.Second if you run it out of gas a lot or even once that will kill a fuel pump quick. But they are suppose to hummm. If it quits humming and the car dies after running for a few minutes,the pump is getting hot and quittingthere has got to be something wrong with the wireing that goes to it for it to keep doing it.i'd say check all ur wireing and maybe ur fuses.
There should be a button near the headlight switch.  Look in the owners manual.. I'm certain the information is there.  Also, they may not turn on if the headlights aren't turned on...If you are talking about the "DRL" they should be auto, if you are talking about fog lights it depends on the package, usually there is a switch to the left of the steering column, at least on mine there is.Turn the switch on
first look at the outside of the taillight lense. look for phillip head screws on the outside. there may be torx head screws as well. if no screws open the trunk and look for wing nuts or some kind of small bolts or screws.they may be behind some kind of panel.this is right on the other side of the light on the inside.Are we talking british are american cavalier?
It would be worth $0.00 because it's not finished. The only way you could sell it would be as spare parts or to a salvage yard. Finish it and you could get at least 100 times what you could get for it now.If it's 98% done, then it's still just a pile of spare parts.  It's got to be complete and running to be valued as a motorcycle.2% away from 100% value!Didn't specify engine details. But I would say aroun 3000 for the details that you have mentioned here.
take a cycle driving course at a local community collegeYou can check to see if any Motorcycle shops or your state has any motorycle safety courses.  Some shops provide bikes for you to use and learn to ride on during the course, not sure on the state.  The state that I live in you have to own your own bike to take the course.  Call around to your neiborhood motorcycle shops and see if they have courses.
Hook it up, plug it in, wait the recommended time limit.I would pull the battery completely out of the car first.  They've been known to explode from time to time.  Place the battery in a dry area protected from the elements.  Clamp the terminals of the charger to the posts of the batteries and turn it on.  Most chargers go 'low and slow', meaning a lower electrical charge over a few hours' time.  The battery draws its power from chemical reactions, not pure electricity.First of all if u battery is completely dead then its no use charging it. Go get a new one.. ya but if ur sure dat ur battery has still life den connectg it to a charger,connect the wires properly to the 4 terminals of ur battery. make sure that the rubber cover on ur battery terminal is not in contact with the wires.. Now chek ur battery's voltage n set ur charger according to dat.. n turn on ur charger. dats it.. Also chek acid level.you put the clip things on the dead battery and plug the charger in.Assuming the battery is good, the only way to fully charge a battery is to put it on a slow charge or "trickle" charge charger. These are available at any auto parts stores.  Depending on the battery and how slow a charge you set the trickle charger, it could be anywhere from a few hours to overnight to give the battery a full charge.first thing you do is check to see if it has acid or fluid in it if it has caps... trying to charge a battery that is dry can run it.. second unless you have a charging problem on your car or truck.. its supposed to charge it self... if you dont have the equipment... take the battery to advance,autozone, oreilly or any national chain parts store they will check it for you before you ruin what might be a good battery...also if they tell you battery is good and you didnt leave lights on or something to run it down take it back and let em check the charging system on it as well..
It means you are not getting the best possible fuel mileage.. That can only happen "IN" overdrive. find the little switch, usually on the gear shifter, and press it to turn that light off. Your car will engage OD when needed, and DISengage it when not needed.It will not engage into it's highest gear.. On the end of your gear selector, there is a button inset.  Pressing the button will activate or de-activate the overdrive override.  . Most of the time you will want the light to not come on.  Then you will notice that the engine does not rev as high and you will get better mileage.. Whenever you need more power, like climbing a hill with a heavy load or getting ready to pass, then press the override button.Some cars with an automatic transmission have two drive settings: Drive and Overdrive.  if your car is saying overdrive off, it means you are running in regular drive mode.Overdrive saves you gas by running the engine at lower rpms than the wheels. This feature only works with powerful engines and does not work when going up a hill or in "stop and go" traffic.IF YOU STAY IN THE OVERDRIVE OFF MODE YOUR MILAGE WILL SUFFER DURING HIGHWAY DRIVING,AROUND TOWN OR CITY DRIVING THE TRANSMISSION WOULDNT UPSHIFT INTO OVERDRIVE ANYWAY DUE TO GOVERNORS
Use Dove Soap, but they have a kind for sensitive skin, I find that helps (I have hard water here too).  Also, use moisturizer right after you step out of the shower, when your skin is still moist and your pores are still open.  Your skin will absorb the moisturizer better.use a moisturizing soap like dove and use a good lotion when you get out like St IvesUse Morton iodized salt. One box to a tub of hot water. Great for skin softening. Use a good lotion after bathing.Try Zest, it worked for me.
5 quarts with new filterMost are 4 quarts if you change the filter 5 then check to make sure. You can add a lot easier than to can remove. ~:)xDrop the oil plug and drain all the oil. Then replace the filter. Then replace the drain plug. Now add 4 Qrts of fresh oil and start the engine. Run it for aprox. 1 minute and then shut it off. Check the stick and add oil accordingly. It kind of varries if the engine is a 2.3L 4cyl, 3.0L V6 4.0L V6. All of which were used in 1997 Ford Rangers.
King Schools has a complete training course on DVD for the Garmin G1000.  It's a bit pricey, but hey... If you can afford the G1000, then I guess you can afford the training material.Are you taking about the Garmin G1000 avionics suite?Who makes it? No one will beable to tell you how to use it if you can give the exact make and model.
I would recommend changing your factory radio, to an aftermarket radio equipped with input jacks, some come Ipod ready. Pioneer, offers many radio's with CD changer control/input jacks, and this may be the best solution for you.Cheapest solution would be to replace the radio with one that includes an input jack or at least a cassette deck.. . You can go to Crutchfield.com or other car audio places and look to see if you can tap into some existing hardware, or wire in some hardware, but it looks to me like those options tend to run pretty high compared to replacing the stereo....or the really cheapest way is to buy a wired-on FM modulator.  This plumbs in-line of your antenna and actually rejects ALL frequencies except the one that you choose when its turn on.  It works very well and will allow you to listen to your mp3 player w/o going the expensive route.  I think you can get one online for under 40 dollars.the cheapest way would def not be buying a new aftermarket radio (although i would recommend it). ive never heard of theis frequency blocker thing, but it could be an option. what you could do: there are various kits available that you wire to the back of your factory radio and have a headphone jack to plug into your mp3 player. once done, you go to cd mode and play your mp3 player from cd mode. assuming you dont have a cassette player because you have a cd player...
8 feet.10ftAccording to Laidlaw, manufacturers of school buses and Greyhound buses, the average height of the full size school bus is 11' if it has air conditioning, add 16". . To verify, please call 800-821-3451.10ft. though some r 8ft. but standards are 10ft.
Call a local Cycle Shop..They will tell you where a Motorcycle Rideing Safty class is..sign up , its usually a friday evening,all day sat and sunday..You will be rideing like a champ by sunday.They have the bikes for you to ride and helmets..And its fun, the last day you will get to take the Motorcycle test..you then take the paper they give u to the DMV and you get a motorcycle endorsement.Plus you will get cheaper rate on your insurance for haveing done it. Yes usually from free to 50 bucks depends on the state,there is usually a waiting list to get in also.You should probably take a class where they actually train you to ride a motorcycle. Call your local Harley-Davidson shop for more info.my husband taught me how to ride a harley in less than three weeks. i got more attention than i would have in a class and i learned on the bike that i now own. i have over fifty thousand miles on it in five years. i love it.Take a Rider Safety Course. You can find out more from a local cycle shop. The course usually take 3 days and costs around $30.Take an MSF basic riding class. All you need to know is how to ride a bicycle and they will teach you the rest. It's fun and you'll meet other people, some with experience some without. It's all good! Have fun!let your boyfreind drive & get on behind him & hold on to his waist duh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Call your local bike dealer and ask them to recomend a Riding school near you.. Most of them have their own cycles you can use also.. This will reduce your insurance and also in my state you dont have to take a road test at the DMV if you went to a school.
Ask anyone who has to pay for one... Ther real, true answer to this question is MONEY!  Lots of MONEY!THE WINGS!!!!!! ( THEY PROBABLY HAVE RED BULL)dems one of dem der teknikal ansers I ainst gots figgered out yet.. . My best bet is that air tavels under the wings, causing lift. . . Or maybe it's dat dam voodoo.The shape of the wing....Can't really explain.  Air traveling over the hump causes lower pressure on the topside, then lift.The distance across the top of the wings is longer than the distance across the bottom of the wings creating a more negative pressure on the top of the wings or a more positive pressure on the bottom of the wings( refer to is the glass half full or half empty) once the positive pressure on the bottom of the wings exceeds the gravitational pull on the aircraft you then have sufficient lift to take the plane in the air and this would be minimum take off speed and also the reason we need long runways. Hope this helps.
The V6 is a 6 cylinder and the V8 a 8 cylinder engine. The V shows that the cylinders are not in line (like in a normal 4 cylinder engine) but they are positioned in pairs in such way that they form an angle between them usually of 60 or 90 degrees.A V6 has 6 cylinders, whereas the V8 has 8 cylinders, proving more power to the aoutomobile.the cylinders v8 is 8 cylinder and a 6 is 6 cylinder.v2!!! Muahaha. . its actually 2 more cylinders in a V8.The number indicates how many valves there are. A v8 has more power, but less fuel economy.v = valves, 6 = numbers of valves. . so a v-6 has 6 valves, a v-8 has 8 valves, a v-10 (though rare and mainly vailable through chrystler/dodge) has 8 valves, and a v-12 has 12 valves. A v-12 is used by major supercars (like ferrari, buggatti, etc.), or mercedes (CL class, SL Class, and S Class) or BMW (7 series).. . There are also v-5 such as used by volvo who adds a small turbo to it.. . There are also 4 cylinders used by more economic cars such as the toyota echo or honda civic. The rare exception is the Honda S-2000 that uses a naturally aspirated four cylinder that a still pumps out over 200 HP.About 150hp.  V6 is a six cylinder engine and V8 is eight cylinders.  More power!about v2v6 has 2 less cyclinders than v8A V-8 is a more powerful engine. Has poor fuel economy compared to the V-6 and 4 cylinders engines. The V-6 is not as powerful as the V-8 but more powerful than a 4 cylinder, but offers better fuel economy than the V-8.the engine size. V6 is 6 cylamders while V8 is 8 cylenders. The V stands for the configuration or the way they are set up in the engine.a V4 or v6 or v8 etc. engine, I know the numbers corrospond to the number ... at it, whats the main difference between vtech and a v4,v6,v8 etc ...TWO MORE CYLINDERS MORE HORSEPOWER LESS MPG  ON A V82v2v6 has 6 cylinders. v8 has 8 cylinders. . Not valves.A V6 is a type of engine whereas V8 is vegetable juice or a type of engine.Actually the 8 has 2 more cylinders than a 6..With modern technology there aren't large differences in horsepower.V represents the design of an engine where as the numbers mean how many cylinders there are.  The more cylinders, the more power.  Because there are two more cylinders, you will have more horsepower, torque and other things that will cause the vehicle to perform better.v6 less power better gas mileage. v8 more power gas guzzlera V6 is a 6 cylinder engine with 3 on each side. A V8 has 8 cylinders, 4 on each side. There is also a straight 6 it has 6 cylinders in a straight row.2 valves, more powerTo think some of these answers get the same 2 points as those who know what they're talking about!In vehicles it means 2 more power cylinders.  It usually means more power, at the cost of more gas consumption, more expense, more complexity, more weight.more horsepower and more get up and go.Two cylinders.  V6 is a six cylinder engine, V8 is an eight cylinder engine.  V8 is also a vegetable juice, but that's another topic.2 cylinders more or less.. . Also check out link below.here's the answer.
It's a bomb...get out.it might be your valves, try changing your oil to synthetic or high mileage or it just might need an oil changetake to a mechanic, it could be a number of things.maybe cause its a chevyHi, It sounds like you have a spark plug wire grounded out,or off the plug, that causes the rough idle and the "clicking" sound. It's an easy check, follow wires from cap to plug and give a light tug if it's off the plug you can tell or grounded you'll be able to see. Good Luck! ~:)+it sounds like the car is skipping? if you raise the hood does the motor seem to shake? if so the clicking is fire jumping to ground, probably a bad plug wire or the plug wire is off of the plug. will be eaiser to see if dark, like in a garage .maybe a motor mount is broke dont know for sure thoughTry checking your oil for cleanliness and fluid level.  Dirty and or/low oil can make your lifters make a ticking noise.
If there aren't any plugs in the front, you will have to remove the radio, and find the Aux in. plugs... there you can add what you want.What He Said IS Right if there not on front Then THey Are In The Back And You Will Have To Remove the Stereo But I would Research first I dont Think Those Stock Stereos Have Aux Input's I would check it out if I were You on Less you Know For Sure . . good Luck
Not real familiar with that model, but on most all cars, you loosen the belts( by looseing the nut holding the alt., etc.) remove the bolts from fan to clutchfan, you may have to work the fan around to get it clear, then remove the clutch, replace the clutch, then fan to clutch, then retighten the belts.If you have a fan shroud, it may make it alittle difficult to work in such a tight area, but it can be done. Good Luckusually you can unbolt the fan by unbolting the four bolts that hold the clutch fan on to the waterpump check out badmustangsclub.com and tell them buffmustang sent ya for more info
Get a rubber mallet and gently tap around the pipe where it is attached to the case.  If you dont have a rubber mallet, use a block of wood and tap around gently while pulling.  It is a common problem with bikes.  Also, try using a wire brush to break up all of the gunk where it is stuck.If the mallet trick doesn't work, try running your bike to get the pipe nice and hot. Grab the pipe with a blanket (you don't want to get burnt, do you?). Then rock and giggle the pipe back and forth. The carbon sealing the pipe will be softer and the heat will cause the pipe to expand where it meets the exhaust port.Dude, I've had YZ's for years!  I've never had problems with my pipes.  You removed the springs, great.  Have you disconneted everything else where the pipe connects to the frame??  Shoot some WD40 onto the exhaust flange and then wiggle it.  It should come right off.  What year is the YZ?the other answers might work considering you first removed all of the exhuast brakets holding the pipe to the bike then remove the silencer after that it should come off you might not want to beat it with anything
it would be easier to take the motor out if u havent already......it is possible to take them out when it is in the truck though.....its all really simple though take a punch and knock them right out(punch them in and make sure u dont hit the side of the block with the punch) when u have them out find something that just fits inside of the new freez plug and gently tap them in but make sure u put black glue around the plug before installing them.  . Also u will see that there is a lip in the block where the lip of the freeze plug should be lined up withyou must pull the entire engine to remove and replace freeze plugs. . However unless one is leaking, Varified by two different shops,  just replace that one.  depending on where it is may be done with the motor in.. . freeze plugs last for 300,000 miles plus.  you never have to replace them unless one is leaking or your doing a complete motor rebuild
Go to your local library.  Most libraries may have automotive manuals to diagnose the problem or find a fix.  There are also many automotive on-line resources that can be researched for troubleshooting.Go to your local library and check out a Chilton's auto manuel. Some library's let you check them out, for a limited time. Some let you take copies of the pages you need. It's cheaper than buying the book. <*)))><A book will only cost like $5-7 from advance auto but if you still do not want to  purchase i would suggest prying off the panel with a screwdriver if it has snap in panels and if not just unscrew the panel.  from there it should be pretty easy to see how to remove the window. (if there is a plastic liner in the door just remove it and be careful it may be sticky!!!
Search "big bear choppers" on the web. Big Bear manufactures kits for do-it yourself chopper builds. You can build a bike for a lot less then what it can cost have one built for you.build it old school,meaning build what you want and if you don't like it change it.thats how hotrodding got started.Try the American Chopper. They would be able to help you.
Well, if the grade is not too steep the train can usually make it with however many locomotives that were originally assigned to it.  However, when grades are too steep extra locomotives are required, either pushing from the end of the train or sometimes cut into the middle if the train is quite long.Superbly trained Engineers ;)Anti gravity engines.
Call Amtrak and ask them what to do.finaly moving out of the old south into the new south well thats good just dont think they treat THEM people like you would treat THEM done there.u can transport    just call there dispatch office.    or hire a flat bed truck to do it.  it should run about the same cost.   i am Semi diverDRIVE IT!!! Driver,DRIVE IT! that would be cheaper.
I remember having a sticky caliper on the the wife's old Honda. A new caliper fixed it for her, just Lucky I guess. I'm trying to remember, but are you sure that the proportioning valve is even separate on those cars..and not built into the master cylinder?. . Good Luck!you don't by chance have motor oil in your master cylinder do you?PROPORTIONING VALVE. Hydraulic control designed to stop the rear wheels from locking up (rear wheels become "light" under heavy braking and therefore more likely to skid).There are 2 things to check. #1 is the hoses going from the steel lines to the calipers may be bad and are holding pressure. #2 is the caliper bracketry and mounting hardware may be binding or misaligned/bent.presure and back presure ? in the break lines ? i dont know let me shut up now :)
it might not be the EGR valve. chck the PCV valve first. o2 sensors usually dont go badTry disconnecting the battery for a while. Hook it back up and check if the light is still on. You still may want to replace the O2 sensor if it has not been done for a couple years, as well as the pcv. They are easy tasks and cuold not hurt with the next e-check.
There's citrus-based degreaser called Orange Blast that works quite well as a degreaser, and it not as nasty to use as some others. Works well for me.The "oil box" is only about $15. If you don't want to spend that, you can try filling it with gasoline (after you remove it from your bike), and clean it that way. Contact/break cleaner would be a better chemical to clean it with. It comes in a pressurized spray can with a nozzle.If it were me, 15 bucks would be well spent on buying a new breather.... Don't use orange clean, its water based.
Have you checked the battery? Sometimes the relay can sound but the battery doesn't have enough juice to crank the car. Another thing maybe that your relay needs replacing.sounds as if you have a short in your ignition switch or the contacts are dirty, when it makes contact with the start lead it starts and runs.Stupid question here but have you tried to replace the relay? Could be an ignition relay. There is probably a black box under the hood there somewhere that contains some maxi fuses and relays. the cover of said black box has a fuse and relay layout. Look for the ignition ones. these are hard things to diagnose without being in front of it
You could use a clay bar with a pump bottle full of soapy water to use as a lubricant. The easiest way would be to get some bug and tar remover and use it with a terry cloth towel so you won't damage the vehicles finish.You can use a razor blade to get it off the windows. Shoot some windex on it first, it will make the blade slide smoother. For the paint, if it is into the clear coat of the paint, you can use rubbing compound to get it out. But a quality compound, like NO.7 brand, and follow the directions on the can.You need a clay bar find it at your local auto parts storeWD40, at least for the windows.  Try it first on some hidden paint if you need to get it off the body.  Then wash the car really good.Rubbing alcohol works well.you should us simple green, you can find it at walmart or any hardwear store
If she's driving a HONDA, she's not only pretty........ . SHE'S SMART!!!!!Her car is not beat up.  She is fixing her hair at the stoplight.  She doesn't use turnsignals.  And her boyfriend is about to kick the snot out of you for flirting with her.I just leave that up to my girl detecting rod.she'll let you know when you find her.Write her name on her forehead with a felt marker. The next time you run into her you will recognize your handwriting and have a reminder of her name. (This method will only work on blondes)You look at her using your EYES!
for a lot of cars it's about 45 mph at the mostSimply find what the minimum sped you can drive at and remain in the top gear. or High gear. most vehicles can remain in top gear around 1'100 rpm.Generally speaking, the most fuel efficeint speed for any vehicle is about 35mph.  This may vary slightly by make and model.  However, the speed at which you drive will have far less impact upon fuel consumption than HOW you drive.  Don't accelerate quickly and don't brake sharply.  Keep your tires inflated properly and change the oil once every 3,000 miles.  It also might be advisable to find a more fuel efficient vehicle, a V8 engine drinks a lot of gas.  Another important aspect of fuel consuption is planning your trip properly.  You should avoid driving to and from the grocery store every day as many people do.. . In response to a previous answer:. . A car parked and running will get the worst milage possible: 0 miles per gallon.parked at a stand still
Sounds like you have a problem with the wiring. Check the wiring harness. Better yet, check the computer codes.You need to make sure that you have gotten all of the air out of the cooling system. If there are air pockets left in the cooling sytem the gage will act erratic and cause hot spots to develop in the engine throwing off the computer.. Fill the radiator full and let the engine idle. Turn off the engine and let it cool down.Open the radiator cap and fill it again. Repeat process until all the air is out of the system.
Why not is the question. If it costs the same to manufacture an ATM with Braille as without, then why not. It doesn't harm the seeing person to have Braille on the keypad. It's more cost effective. Drive up ATM's really aren't drive up. They're just placed so that you can drive up. In reailty most people have to unbuckle lean out and contort themselves to use those ATMs.Why is there Braile at drive-up ATMs?. . . So Stevie Wonder can get some cash.well if they are a passenger they can just reach over the driver!!Its a courtesy to all those blind drivers out there! . . Or, maybe its for all the really dumb ones that see, but can't even read a road sign.Thank you. someone finally askedAll ATM's are standardized. To have differnet ones for drive and walk up would be more costly.There aren't too many questions on here that make me think "good one" and this is it!  Way to go...and too funny!... No answer, just laughter!My mom is blind and she does get out of the car when someone takes her to the drive thru.Why are there locks on the doors at Store 24?  Some questions are best left unanswered.Because if someone is blind they might walk right past the walk-up ATMs.It because they use the same buttons from the regular ATM's, as they do for the drive up ATM's.  Why make two sets of buttons when you can make one?
try fabreeze for the smell. my mother says a a small hand full of scented powdered detergent under your car seatFirst use a color-safe bleach and after try putting some charcoal briquettes in a plastic bag (leaving the top of the bag open) under the seat. After several days, I'd replace the briquettes with new ones if the odor wasn't gone. Charcoal absorbs ordors. This work for me.. Good luckget it steam cleaned and make sure it is completely dried out - don't keep the windows closed on hot days, etc.fabreezeFix the leak first,then wash the entire interior down with a baking soda/detergent solution.Buy a bag of charcol lay it on its side and rip it open keep it in the back seat to absorb oders and smell. you can also try carpet powder and let it air out for a bit.I work in the disaster-restoration industry, so I have learned that when mold is present, the only way to REALLY get rid of it is to completely remove the affected areas.. I'm sorry, but this means you will probably have to replace your upholstery in order for the smell to be completely eradicated.clean the mold off first. clean it with carpet cleaner. and let it sit in the sunthe only eway to do this with any lasting success is to take the seats out and remove the carpet.   just cleaning the top of it will NEVER make it go away    febreeze is worthless in my opinion. after you take the carpet out you can try to pressure wash it and the padding. but most likely the smell will return anyway.   but that is the best bet. or if you are lucky you can find a wrecked car with good carpet and padding
Gas engines have about a minimum of 4 cylinders. Each cylinder is called a chamber. in the bottom there is a piston the moves up and down. On the top there are two valves. Valve number one is for air and fuel intake and vale number two is for exhaust to go out. Also on the very top there is a spark plug. The chamber is made of very strong steel that withstands thousand of degrees of heat and high amounts of pressure. So now let’s see what happens. Let’s divide this to 4 strokes.. 1. Piston starts going down and in the mean time the intake valve opens allowing the precise amount of air and fuel in to the chamber. When the piston reaches the bottom the intake vale closes. . 2. The piston starts traveling back towards the top, at this time both valves are closed. This motion of the piston causes the fuel and the air to press against the top of the chamber now we have pressurized fuel and air. Pressure causes the fuel to vaporize heat up and become ready to ignite.. 3. The piston is in top the valves are closed the fuel and air are ready this is when the spark plug fires a tiny amount of spark. The spark causes the fuel and air compound to ignite. Remember, this is an ignition not an explosion. It is because the engine is constructed to ignite the fuel not cause it to explode. . 4. The ignition caused the piston to go down quickly and as the piston is going down the exhaust vale opens allowing the exhaust to escape out of the camber. This was a summary of how a 4 stroke fuel engine works. After every 4th stroke comes the 1st stroke again. All the pistons are connected to a shaft called the crank shaft (please check the link below) the up and down motion of the piston that happens 2 at a time in a 4 cylinder engine causes the crank shaft to turn around and turn the transition which then moves the tires.. . http://www.3axisltd.com/crank.jpgcarburettor mixes fuel with air and passes this into the cylinders of the engine, then the spark plug sparks and ignites the fuel and air mixture, creating an explosion, which in turn forces the piston out of the cylinder. . . the vertical motion of the pistons moving in and out of the cylinders due to the continual explosions of the fuel and air mixture is transfered to circular motion via the piston rods, which (eventually) drives the wheels.
this might help more http://www.e85fuel.com/index.php. . last I heard it was under $1 a gallon, but that's been a couple monthscheck with your manufacturer.. . the e85 isn't good for rubber.  besides spending hours taking your fuel system apart to put in special connections and o-rings and stuff, you might need a different fuel pump and those are expensive.You really should check out:http://www.e85fuel.com/index.php. You may already own a vehicle that can use E85, more and more cars can. I know for a fact that many Dodge and GM vehicles can use E85 and when you drive a vehicle that can use E85 you can switch over immediately. In terms of converting a car over to E85, it can be costly/complicated, and it may be easier just to purchase an E85 ready vehicle when you go to purchase your next car. . . Just an FYI... Service stations offering E85 are really hard to come by in most areas and when using E85 you'll see your mileage decrease as well as your performance.
The one I always used was... "Lord, please don't let this plane crash with my signature on the final sign-off"a=air frame. p=propulsion (power). . please hold this frame together and always keep the power working..I think you may be looking for the Mechanic's Creed, authored by Jerome Lederer:. . "UPON MY HONOR I swear that I shall hold in sacred trust the rights and privileges conferred upon me as a certified mechanic. Knowing full well that the safety and lives of others are dependent upon my skill and judgment, I shall never knowingly subject others to risks which I would not be willing to assume for myself, or for those dear to me.. . "IN DISCHARGING this trust, I pledge myself never to undertake work or approve work which I feel to be beyond the limits of my knowledge; nor shall I allow any non certificate superior to persuade me to approve aircraft or equipment as airworthy against my better judgment; nor shall I permit my judgment to be influenced by money or other personal gain; nor shall I pass as airworthy aircraft or equipment about which I am in doubt, either as a result of direct inspection or uncertainty regarding the ability of others who have worked on it to accomplish their work satisfactorily.. . "I REALIZE the grave responsibility which is mine as a certified airman, to exercise my judgment on the airworthiness of aircraft and equipment. I, therefore, pledge unyielding adherence to these precepts for the advancement of aviation and for the dignity of my vocation."I'm an A&P and I've never heard of such a thing.  Maybe "a wing and a prayer" ??? :-)Same as the pilot's prayer:. . Dear Lord, please don't let me f**k up.
(most stock radios do not have a "line in" or auxilliary option) there are some kits you can buy that allow you to connect aftermarket amplifiers to stock head units. if you choose to go that route, wire the amp and sub together normally, and you should get a bass knob to install somewhere up front so you can control the sub level. otherwise, youll just have to set it and let it be controlled by the head unit volume, but you wouldnt be able to control it seperately. however, if youre not too savvy with this sorta thing, and dont want the hassel, you could just have it professionally done and tell them exactly what you want.if you have "line-outputs" on the back (usually rca-jacks). this connects to the amp, otherwise get an amp with "speaker inputs" and connect your speaker outs to them... Amps usually give you various connection options... just make sure your sub is the right "ohms" for the amp...
Close, answers......The train is part of the switching circuit as it travels accross certain rails it closes a timer circuit that activates the crossing arms.The circuit then reverses and the arm returns up. It's battery operated in many cases.. If a car is under the arm it's the car owners responcibility since the railway owns the area the car is "parked" on.There is a switch on the tracks that is activated when the train goes over them.  I don't know what would happen if there was a car there on the tracks, though.I've always wondered that myself, but I think that the train activates a switch before the intersection.
This is a response to a 1 answer question over 30 days old.. I am attempting to give you USEFUL infomation to help you find the answer you seek.. I hope you will find what you are looking for.. . These are the best answer links I know.. Check them out and if you still need help feel free. to Email me for help, Supergwo@Yahoo.com.. . ----------All sites are FREE!-------------. http://www.autozone.com/ -   diagrams,repair info,LOOK HERE. http://www.all-about-car-selection.com/index.html - VERY GOOD. http://www.info.com/ -  14 search engines. http://www.wisegeek.com/ -  any question. http://www.ask.com/?o=312#subject:ask|pg:1 - everything. http://autoparts.411web.com/ - everything automotive. http://www.howstuffworks.com/ - how stuff works. http://www.thefreedictionary.com/ - dictionary. http://www.2carpros.com/index.htm - mechanics Q & A. http://www.streetracing.org/paris/dictionary/index.htm - terms. http://www.crutchfieldadvisor.com/S-CHQL8v6H71J/ -  auto a/v. http://www.partstrain.com/?id=doMecGRr - hard to find parts. http://www.mapquest.com/directions/ - directions & distance. http://www.carcarecouncil.org/index.shtml - basic car care. http://www.diynetwork.com/diy/autos_boats - DIY resource. http://www.autospeak.com/index.htm - for car enthusiasts. http://www.mendmy.com/answers.php?id=13909 - fix anything. http://www.theautochannel.com/ - up to date auto news. http://www.motorera.com/ - old cars & definitions. http://www.autopedia.com/ - automotive dictionary. http://www.edmunds.com/ - automotive values . http://www.tractordata.com/ - info on all types of farm tractors. http://sd.craigslist.org/about/cities.html - community classifieds. http://www.nhtsa.dot.gov/ -  Nat'l Hyway Traffic Safety Admin.. . Web search for forums in your field of interest, they are very helpful.. Federal, State, & Local governments have websites.. Go to my 360 site to read my blogs.you must have an LS.  it's not worth it, you would be better off getting a whole new engine.  you would have to drill a hole in your head for the vtec.
most motorcycle engines are air cooled. that means they are suseptable to greater heat ranges.. motorcycle oil is made to withstand the punnishment of a motorcycle engine without viscosity and heat breakdown.About $2 a quart : -). . Seriously, some motorcycle oils are made to very high performance characteristics becuase motorcycle engines rev muchhigher than car engines. I am sure you could use a good quality motor oil in your bike, but since the only take a couple quarts anyway, why not play it safe. The best I have found are the Honda oils.Motorcycles and autos have different engine configurations. A motorcycle's clutch is made of a fiber like material. When the clutch wears down, the fiber material gets mixed with the oil and contaminates the lubrication additives in regular auto oil. A motorcycle's transmission actually grindes the oil and further breaks down the lubrication qualities in auto oil. Motorcycle oil is better equiped for this.. . The crankshafts on some motorcycles have smooth bearings. Harley's, dirt bikes, single cyl. & twin engine design motorcycls have ball bearings on the crankshafts. Auto oil dosen't have the lubrication qualities as motorcycle oil, for use in smooth bearing designed engines. Smooth bearings don't have any moving parts. Smooth bearings just sit in the crankcase and don't turn, while the crankshaft spins around in them.. . You can use auto oil in motorcycles. It just has to be changed on a more regular basis.virtually nothing, I use autombile oil in my GOLDWINGMotorcycle oil is formulated to give adequate lubrication to the moving parts and still not cause a wet clutch to slip. I put automotive oil in my Intruder 1500LC and the clutch slipped when accelerating. I took it to dealer, they changed oil and made no other adjustment. It ran fine after that.I would have to say go with the honda oil Its not cheap but it wont cause your cluch to slip
Yeah, there is this hose adaptor form Mr. Clean that uses a PUR filter to remove certain minerals that cause the hard water spots.  You spray your car down and air dry and youre good to go, bro.  I think it is available at most stores like Target.Have you tried something acid, like vinegar? Wet a cloth with it, lay it on the glass for a bit, then rinse it off. It works with drinking glasses, so I imagine it would work with a windshield. You also could try Lyme Away, but I'd be careful not to get it on any other surfaces, like the paint.coffee filters are great for not leaving smears ans well as newspaper, but newspaper gets your hands dirtyjust clean by a dry cloth :)The best way to clean a glass window , without remaining spots , is to clean it with a little soaked paper of newspaper. becouse even with a cloth , some little fibers will remain on glass.Try SLX denatured alcohol (available in the paint section of your local Wal-Mart, and fairly inexpensive) and crumble up about 2 pages of newspaper at a time to apply and wipe off with. it takes a little elbow grease but works well.  If you spill the denatured alcohol on your killer wax job, though, you'll have to re-wax the dull spot, (alcohol eats wax)  If that does'nt work try knocking those spots off of there with a big hammer (just kidding)!clean with vinegar and washing up liquid solution in water . wipe off with newspaper the remove smears
It makes oxygen as you drive so we don't have to feel guilty about cutting down all the trees. At least that's what I heard.it does the same as every other car it reads the oxygen or lack off before the catalitic converter and after the concerter to see how well the engine is operating if it detects very little to no o2 than the vehicle is running too rich (too much fuel) if there is a lot of o2 than the engine is running too lean (too much air). the engine computer than takes the readings and adjusts the amount of fuel and air that the engine receives. so a bad o2 sensor will give you bad fuel milage and could cause more damage depending on how bad the o2 sensor is
like all vehicles you'll have to remove the door panel and have the window rolled up it makes it easier to better answer i'd have to know if it's the inside or outsideif its the out side door handle like my was you need to remove the inter door panel and make sure the window is up. There are two 10mm nuts and one small clip holding a rod . not a hard job good luck
If you look closely you will see a bunch of little holes in that "Circle" area near the roof.  Not in the windshield but in the circle attached to the rear view mirror.  All of these little "eyes" are emitting a infra-red beam and as it becomes refracted by the rain the wipers come-on and also vary their speed from infinite to maximum speed depending on the need.LEAST BIT OF MOISTURE THAT SENSOR WILL TELL THE WIPERS TO COME ON . PERSONALLY I'M WAITING TO SEE ONE OF THOSE IN A CAR WASHMost likely uses a type of optical sensor to detect the moisture. The sensor emits an infrared light which on dry glass is almost totally reflected back to the sensor, but with water on the glass the reflection is reduced. The more water, the less infrared light is reflected to the sensor. When the amount of reflected light reaches a preset level, the wipers come on. They can also be switched off for washing the vehicle.
if you don't know anything about it, don't do it.  you need to go to a shop.jack front end of car ( on flat even surface ) place jack stands under both sides of car place wedge behind rear tiers for safety . remove front tires there may be a single Phillips screw holding the rotor on if not continue by removing the rotor with a rubber mallet give it some good hits all the way around when loose pull off .. when reinstalling keep rotor in place with a lug nut or two
The most likely answer is that either the speakers are draining more then your amp can hold or your speaker wires are backwards,first take the subs out of the box and the wires will be copper and silver,make sure the silver is on the negative and make sure the copper wire is on the posotive and do the same thing on the amp,If both those are fine find out how many watts your subs are supposed to get constently,then find out how many watts your amp has(rms),I am pretty sure you dont have enough watts just because your amp is 2000 watts doesnt mean that is what your speakers are getting,that is why you need to find out what the rms is on the amp,rms is the constent watts that the amp puts out.If your subs need 1000 watts each then your amp shoul be at least 2200 watts rms. hope this helped.OK, this is a tricky question. First, you have to know what ohm load your amp is at. this is determined by the number of woofers, the number of voicecoils that each sub has. The sub should tell you what ohm load it creates, for instance I have 4 Kicker Solobaric 10's. (the old round ones) and they are single voice coil(meaning they only have one place for wires to hook up on them) 4 ohm speakers. depending on how you wire them, you can double the ohm load or cut it in half. email me your specs and i will help you figure it out. give me all of the specs, from speakers to amp, to cd player...everything......badblu97@yahoo.comCheck all the connections.. then go from there.I used to have this problem when i rushed an install.  The ground wire to the amp may be lose and causing your amps to turn off.  . Check the ground wire where it is connected to your car and make sure it is realy secured tight.  The best idea would be to have it bolted with a O-ring clamp to a clean metal part of the car.. Not only will this keep your amps on it may help stop a fire that can be caused by a loose/bad ground.
More commonly called A-pillars. It is one of many structural roof supports for the vehicleWindscreen = Windshield. The pillars are the left and right uprights that hold it in.They are the a-posts, either side of the front windshield
I had the same thing happen on my S-10 and my Regal...I disconnected the negative battery cable for a short time. Problem solved...disconnect the battery for about 10 minutes.. but code will come back possibly after a few days/miles depending upon drivingIf you have a diagnostic code checker, you can check and reset the computer codes. You maybe able to borrow or rent one from an auto parts store (i.e. Autozone). . This might work also. Have someone turn on the ignition without starting it. As you hear the clicking noises of the the sensors checking themselves - disconnect the battery cable. I know this works on older Ford trucks.. . Hope this helpsif you dont have the little yellow box and cable, you need to just go to a mechanic and ask him to do it for you.  It takes about 30 seconds...With a scan tool. Might come right back depending on why the car is turning it on. Or after enough key on/off cycles it might turn off.
like a ford junkI drive them almost daily at work and I'd say that they drive pretty good.  If you get one with the V8 they really scoot.Eddie Bauer edition kicks asssss.. Drives very nice,smooth,fast V8,6 speed auto trans. . Get the navigation system.. Go see your dealer, great discounts now.Its the no.1 SUV in america. Check out Consumer Report. Its on the news stand right now.(1) Turn key in ignition. (2) step on the gas pedal. (3) Steer and try not to hit anything
Call a locksmith or use a puch to knock it out and then replace it.You can always take apart the back seat and get into the trunk that way. Once you have access to the trunk. The trunk lock in older cars is just held on simply by a clip, in newer models typically by 4 screws.try a thin narrow knife and if that doesnt work,the onlyway is to hammer it until the bearing break.serious
If you pop the hood of the car, sometimes there is a chart about the engine... type of oil how many quarts etc. Also another place to find out is in the car manual. Probably 10w-40 but check to make sure.anyone will tell you it all depends on how many mills the car has. if its over 75,000 miles use synthetic oil for cars over that amount of miles. if it has more than 1000,000 use oil for high mileage cars.
That started back when gas was 10 cents a gallon. A jump of a penny was 10% so the stations started pricing in tenths of a cent. Then it always sounded cheaper because a lot of people mentally dropped the fraction and instead of rounding up they rounded down in their minds. It stuck and probably will forever.so they can advertise the one penny less... notice it goes along the lines of the .99 pricing strategy. . If gas is 2.379 per gallon people see the $2.37. When in effect it really is much the equivelant of $2.38 p/g. . It's a marketing gimic.the tax on gas last i checked was 33.9 centsthey make more money that way.its one of those xfile conspiracies thought up by certified public accountants and the IRSIts a business tactic to show people that they are making money in tenths and they cannot mark the price further down just like other prices as 99 cents or $1.99 etc. To make people believe that price is under a dollar or two but in reality difference is just 1 cent.. . Gas companies make billions of dollars profit but fool people that this is the lowest they can go by charging in tenths. This trend will continue even though everybody knows that there is no denomination representing 10th of a penny.
They don't want people trying to back in because it takes longer.To reduce hit & runs.  I've seen many people try to back in rear-first & hit surrounding cars.  Parking head first is easier & safer.they don't want people wasting time.It's usually posted in areas where backing in is difficult,. or will cause a traffic jam...easier for people to do. Many people have not grasped the concept of backing into a controlled spot.
The #2 diesel motor fuel sold at most service stations here in the States is almost the same formula used for home heating oil. As the demand for home heating oil goes up in the winter months, there is a lower supply of #2 motor fuel available for sale, and so the price goes up based on supply and demand.. . Once winter is over, diesel motor fuel prices should come back down.they want to make profit
Look in your manual. Or call a auto store/garage.Unless you're in some extreme climate or situation, oil is oil.  10W-30W is the most common.This depends on the climate where you live and the needs of your individual engine. I use 5w-30 all year, but that is not best for all engines. I suggest that you ask at your dealership or regular maintenance provider.Most likely 10w 3010w30 or 10w40. Look on your oil cap on your engine, it will probably say what to use.i don't know because you didn't tell us what kind of car you drive.Since you didn't state what brand..... most manufacturers state to use 5w-30, 10w-30 is the same as a 5w-30 at operating temp (its a 30 weight) but the 5w-30 flows a little better cold, so less startup wear.Most equipment such as cars, boats and even mowers, offer suggestions in the owner's manual regarding which weight is appropriate for the engine.Look on the fan shroud,there should be a sticker with all the info you need(eng. size,recommended oil,etc).. Take into account how many miles are on your car.Over 75000 consider a high mileage oil.
Mach meter?! No....... . The black marks show the number of degrees of adjustment of the horizontal tail, as the entire stabilizer can be moved.Well I think it's the mach meter.. and not all of the Boeing 737's have it.
Go to http://www.seatguru.com. . That site lists all the seating configurations by aircraft on just about every major and regional airline flying. Gives width and pitch information too.. . If you are talking about "classes" of seats not just by coach/economy, business, first ect and are interested in Y,K,Q,M ect, those are fare catagories, not seat catagories. For example in coach you may have all of those fares and as the plane sells out only the Y fare will be available as that is the code for a full fare, unrestricected coach seat (walk up price).Go to the airline's website.  When making a reservation, look at the different classes of service.
i don't knowA fuel cell produces electricity through the conversion of hydrogen and oxygen into water, which is then used to power electric motors in cars. A normal combustion engine uses the burning of gasoline to produce mechanical energy to turn the wheels.
In a nutshell it cost a lot to operate and it was only allowed to fly over the atlantic because everyone biotched about the sonic booms. So since it's operational area was limited they couldn't really expand and make more money with it. It basically ended up being a prestige type of thing for Brit airways & Air France.Operational CostConcorde was pulled from airline service as was an uneconomical aircraft whose certificate of airworthiness was suspended in 2000 after a crash in Paris, France of that year. Major changes to the fuel tank were mandatory before Concorde was allowed to fly again. (A few examples did fly for a limited period.) To make these changes to the British Airways & Air France fleets would be very, very expensive. Additionally, the Concorde was already a very costly aircraft to operate and the demand for her services just wasn't enough to keep her in operation compared to the cost.. . Ultimately, the airlines decided it would not be economical pay for the modifciations to return her to service so she could continue to lose money, so Concorde was retired.Several reasons.  One of the most important is that the Concorde service was not cost effective.  It was extremely expensive to operate these aircraft, and very limited on total passenger capacity.. Another reason is that the airplane was obsolete or out-of-date.  Producing newer versions would have, once again, not been cost effective or practical for the revenue  they could earn.  . Continuing to fly the aging aircraft becomes an severe safety issue.  Etc.....firstly the concord is the fastest passanger aircraft in the world. The main reason for cancelling the concord from service is the accident that occured some year B4 in Paris..   Other several reasons are costly to maintain. Low passanger response. High noice pollution is also one of the reason for termination of the service.All the above are correct to a certain extent. The biggest problem was the fact that British Aerospace refused to produce any more parts for the aircraft. They withdrew their support literally. They also hold all the master blue prints and wouldn't release them to allow other companies to produce the parts. It is still today one of the few ALL digital aircraft.
Cowl flaps are used to direct additional air into an air cooled engine. Engines run very hot at high power settings and slow speeds, like during takeoff and climb.Superdave, your description sounds more like a carb heat system than a cowl flap in a C182.  . . Cowl flaps are small doors in the engine cowling that can be opened/closed to regulate airflow through the engine cowling  and the engine's cooling system. In the Cessna 182, they are in the bottom of the cowling to the left and right of the nose gear, and just in front of the exhaust pipes.I fly Piper Seminole (Twin), and the cowl flaps open from the bottom of the engine, and it's basically for cooling down the engine while it's running in the hot weather. Once you're in the air, sometimes they close automatically because of the thrust pushed them up. And it doesnt really matter because it's cold up there anyway.A cowl flap is located on the air intake and regulates air flow much in the same way that a choke on a car can make the fuel/ air mixture lean or rich.  By controlling the amount of air entering the combustion chamber.
Take it to your GM dealer. They can fix it correctly in their body shop. Your insurance should take care of it.If you can't replace it correctly, find a friend to do it, and get a used one at a junkyard.
loosen your lug nuts, jack up the car, remove the wheels, loosen the brake fluid reservoir tank, remove two bolts that hold the calipers in place, use a c-clamp to expand the calipers, remove them, use a piece of wire to let it hang from the wheel well, slip off the pads, replace the pads.  installation is reverse of disassembly.  put some grease on the shaft of the two bolts that hold in the caliper.I DO!Yea its a breaze two bolts take the calipers off, pry it off ,push the piston in ,and put in your new brakes and your done.
on the underhood decal, there should be a picture of the coils and the corresponding placement for the wires.2.8L and 3.1L engines Firing order:1-2-3-4-5-6. Back of the engine from left to right is 1, 3, 5.. Front of the engine from left to right is 2, 4, 6.Bill is right on the firing order and sequence for a car but, if it is an older S10 with a 2.8 the even cylinders are on the driver side and the odd cyl's are on the passenger side.
remove middle screw.  pop out handle from right side.  remove clip from rod which holds door handle and replace.You can go to a Toyota dealership or a body shopYou don't, sell it for scrap and go get a Ford Truck and in 14 years you won't have the problem.. . John B.
When your engine is running stuff like the headlights run off the alternator, not the battery.  When you start your car, the entire load is on the battery since the alternator isn't spinning yet.. . My guess is that your battery is dead and needs to be replaced.if it wont stay running your altanator is badcheck battery and alternator, just because your lights work doesnt mean thebattery has enough charge to start your engine.your battery definitly needs to be replaced also check your starters. if that isnt it then you may need to get it look at.
The dealer should have touch-up paint available to match your car.. . I'm thinking of getting the new CX-7 truck when it comes out, do you like your mazda?It is called compound. detail it. Compound it, polish it, then wax it.repaint the car or use paint cover
Yellow tends to cheer people up, it is also easy to notice and to find in a parking lot.Obviously you're not a fan of the color.  As the former owner of two yellow cars, I'd have to say it's because I like the color on cars.  On a beautiful car, yellow really brings out the details in the car's overall shape, and it's different.  I guess people spending money on their own cars ought to be able to pick the color too...A co-worker of mine has a bright yellow XTerra. She adores it--especially since putting yellow smiley face covers on the lights on the front of it. She adores the color because it's unusual and cheery. :)Because they have NO taste at all.to be differentbecause their wierdFord sells superduty trucks in Yellow. Every year for the past two years that package, called Amarillo, has sold out. . I don't know what it is, but the thing attracks a lot of attention, so maybe that is it.
what do you mean? it lights up all the time, or never? normal opreation is when the key is in the on position, engine off, the light should come on, then go off when the car is started. there is a problem if the light goes on while driving, and the computer will store a trouble code to aid in diagnosing it.hell just turn your key on to the run position.if it don't light up,then the bulb is out.(for other peoples info of course.)A simple test will determine whether the Check Engine light is burned out or not. When you turn the key to the ON position but before starting your car, the Check Engine light should be illuminated. It should remain on until you start your car. If it doesn't come on immediately when the key is turned, it's burned out.take it to autozone. they will run the computer and if it should be on it will throw a code. if not they should even be able to test it. And its free.
In FS2004 all you have to do is unzip the file you downloaded using winzip to the aircraft folder for most but there are some that are more complicated with installing gauge files.  For more info there are many tutorials out there.The very fact that you can load the aircraft proves that you have installed it correctly. There is nothing wrong with your installation.. You dont see the guages because the author of the aircraft didnt have enough time to write the code for them.. So, there is no problem. . I hav etried installing A few aircrafts too.. I have successfully installed the SAAB Draken fighter jet. But, The Opensky Air France B-747 400  crashes after 5 minutes of flight no mater what.. IF THERE IS A PROBLEM. THEN IT IS WITH THE CODE, SO DONT WORRY AND INSTALL MORE OF THEM.. . Hope I helped, Happy Cruising.Not sure I haven't seen that game in 8 years, are you playing it on a Commodore 64?Find a site where you can download aircraft for free, some of them dont come complete : i.e just the panneling, sounds but not gauges you have to "gauge" this for yourself it will usually tell you on the download what it has and has not. other times the gauges will be just redirected to your standard boeing or cessna etc one that you have on file: when u download it usually unzip (extract files to a location you know where to find them) desktop maybe then cut and paste into your directory usually c:&#92;programmefileszmicro$oft flight sim/aircraft or something to that effect or just extract them right into that directory in the first place :D happy flying :D
ku_lok is right.  I am willing to wager you are low on tranny fluid.  Check the dipstick with the engine running and fill to the full mark (I bet the fluid won't even read on your stick it's so low).Add fluid.  Make sure it's absolutely full.  When you turn, the fluid can all go to one side and the filter sucks air.  Check fluid, turn slower.you cant tell fluid by looks unless it is really bad it could be a bad filter or loose shifter linkage i know it has a console shifter but there is still linkage on the tranny i would change the fluid first if you havent had it change inthe past year it is do anywaysSince it's a 4x4, make sure the front axle isn't engaged.  Depending on how sharp you turn on dry pavement, the drive train can get in a bind.  Instead of wheel hop like in a std transmission, your auto may be slipping as a result of this.Is it a front wheel drive?  If you have a front wheel drive it could be the transaxels slipping. The transaxel is supposed to  mesh with your transmission if it pulls away on the corner it can slip.
look online, there are plenty of kits out there ranging from just over a thousand to over five. dont just go with the cheapest, thats exactly what it is, cheap. look at what they kits have to offer before you buybet then so money. bye-bye
Have you verified this with another compass. Even a two buck compass works 99.999% of the time....  If it is in fact off replacement is probably your best option!!!hey, i know that this has nothing to do with the question but.  i was really enjoying your beatles questions.  are you going to be asking anymore of them.  if you are or arn't, email me at boothster84@yahoo.com .  thanksUnplug it or pull the fuse then replace it. turning the van off wont work. When it comes back on drive it in a complet circle and it should fix it self.
The button is for english/metric for the digital speedometer and odometer.  Push it to switch between miles per hour and kilometers per hour.English/Metric.  YOu have a digital dash in your car, this button converts stuff like MPH and MPG to km/h and l/km and so forth.
sure do but what is it that you need to know ??yes....i do.  thats what i do for a living.
Go to your local library and check out books on automobile painting.  The same techniques will work on your motorcycle gas tank. Another source for how-to books would be the Eastwood company.  They have several good books on the subject, and also sell all the tools and custom paints you will need to do the job.practice on something other than what you want to have for a finished product.Defiantly remove it first. Cover the openings as best you can, good luck with the painting, its too hard to describe, you kinda got to just learn that part. Make sure you sand it down very thoroughly first, and DO NOT RINSE IT WITH WATER!!!, use a fuel of some sort, kerosene or gasoline, sound silly I know, but any type of water will mess you up later, performance wise, I speak from experience.
The Positive Crankcase Ventilation (PCV) system and valve feed engine crankcase vapors back into the intake to be burned again. Before emissions controls, the crankcase was simply vented directly to the atmosphere. So when you open up the dipstick hole it could throw the PCV pressure/vacuum balance off enough to stall the car, but I've never tried it myself. I'll have to try it and see if my car stalls when I pull the oil dipstick out. You could check your PCV valve to see if it still rattles when you shake it. It's an emissions maintenance item and I simply clean them every so often, but at 100,000 miles you might install a new PCV valve if recommended for your car.DO NOT PULL THE DIPSTICK WHILE THE ENGINE IS RUNNING!!! . . Unfortunately I do think you have a problem.. . A vacuum leak would cause the engine to surge then probably backfire and then stall.You should not be allowed to go anywhere near a vehicle, much less touch the engine compartment. Go back to your local DMV and offer them your license explaining that you are to stupid to have it. They will thank you! Idiots shouldn't breed, when you get back from the DMV smack your parents!!Why would you want to pull the dipstick out with the engine running?  To check the oil, the engine must be off for a bit to allow the oil to drain back down into the oilpan.  A possible reason it quit may be loss of pressureNO NO PROBLEM ,THE CAR STALLS BECAUSE YOU HAVE LOST VACUUM,WHEN YOU PULL OUT THE DIPSTICK,IT IS A UNMETERED VACUUM LEAK AND IT WOULD BE NORMAL FOR IT TO STALL,NOT ALL CARS WILL DO THIS,,WHY WOULD YOU PULL YOU DIPSTICK OUT WHILE IT'S RUNNING?? ALWAYS CHECK THE OIL WITH THE ENGINE OFF
Because inside the helmet was the communication headset so they could hear the aircraft radio. It also kept their heads warm. Anyone acquainted with aviation or basic physics knows, the pilot's helmet has never been intended to provide protection against a crash. If the plane encounters the landscape too abruptly you're sausage no matter what you're wearing.They didn't.. They wore bandannas.  Bandannas that said 'divine wind'.Now that I think about it this is where Bin Ladin got his nifty ideals from.  I would only imagine they wore them to endure gunshots as they approached their targets.lol...
The Hyundai, is now probably one of the most cost for quality autos on the road. Most all major auto reviews give them a thumbs up and my personal experiance as well as friends confirms this. Stay away for Suzuki as they are pretty reliable but still are a far cry from Hyundai.Here are links to see the most current new car deals sorted by price:. . $0~$15k -. http://www.findnewcarprice.com/category/browse-by-price/under-15k/. . $15k~$25k -. http://www.findnewcarprice.com/category/browse-by-price/15k-25k/. . You can also find more new car prices at the following sites:Have you heard of a Company called Revalisten stop and go look at toyotas there are the best and the most reliable of all.... im an employee and owner i will never own anything again
read you owners manual or maybe see a mechanichThe owner's manual will not tell you this.  If you are at all mechanically inclined, have (or can borrow) a basic set of metric ratchets, and/or are not afraid to get your hands dirty (and possibly get a little frustrated) get a Chilton (best) or Haynes manual for the make and year of the car (from your library if it's a good one, or an auto parts store (you can also get the pump and gaskets while you are there!)) and dig in.  I used to love working on my cars (getting too old and lazy now! :)The water pump drives off of the timing belt,you really should take that job to an experienced mechanic. If you don't put the belt back on with the engine timed right you will cause major dammages.
How's the timing?  Is your tach fluctuating?  Maybe it's time for a tune up.Do you have a carburettor motor and air conditioning? If so, you've got a thingy attached to the side of the carb, which is supposed compensate for the extra load on the engine when the air-con kicks in. Bad idea. Fit a carb from a non-air-con model and bump up the idle speed. Better still, junk the air-con.I think the answer to that is a simple two letter one. those letters are VW.  The words overengineered european crap comes to mind.  The good news is shops love repairing those when they break.  $$$$$$$$$$$$$
Call your local Department of Transportation or Division of Motor Vehicles office. You might also find out from your insurance agent.I'm not sure about there, but here in Colorado, most of the Harley Davidson dealerhships offer the class - and its legal, you get your license afterwards.Check the Motorcycle Safety foundation websiteIf you are in a large city most likely your community college offers some classesAsk your local Honda Motorcycle dealer. They will know.dmvwww.motorcycleridingschool.com Beverly MA. Ironstone Ventures, Acton MA
There is a problem with the microswitches on the Ford Taurus / Mercury Sable - I replaced them on a customer car at my shop a couple of months ago. The part number for the Door Jamb Switches from the Ford Dealer is SW-5528.  List is somewhere around $15 each I think, and it takes about 30 minutes per door to fix.  The trick is figuring out which door needs the switch - some sources recommend replacing them all, but if you open up the door and unplug the switch (it is actually in the door latch mechanism so you have to remove the inside door trim) the light will go out - try it on each door until you figure out which one is bad.Pull the fuse!Sounds like you need to adjust the depth of the door switch that activates it. Apparently it's either broken or the plunger doesn't make sufficient contact to cancel the light.Good answers by most so far. . . If a switch is sticking, slam all the doors rather hard, that sometimes gets 'em back working. If not you will have to replace.There should be a knob or a wheel labeled "Dimmer" somewhere to the left of the steering column near the hood or brake release. It controls the brightness of your instrument panel lights. If it gets turned all the way up, the interior lights will come on. Turn it down. You will feel it click. That should make the interior lights go off.
Its a lever out front center either just below the hood or bumper been a while but in the old days you opened the hood from the outside. Must be young but you will enjoy the first pony car.BLOW TORCH
My favorite is my Jeep Liberty because my hubby surprised me with it on my birthday. Actually it's not too big, or too small and gets decent gas mileage. Looks sharp too!A cadallic escalade because its luxurious and rides sooo smoothly...looks sharp 2...For looks ya gotta go with a blinged out maroon escalade.  They are the mountain top of style.  They look great, ride high (or low if you want) and people turn their heads when they drive by (even stock).  The H2 is a close second for pimpness value.  It's quite simply a different looking car that turns heads.. . On the other hand these things eat gas like John Candy and Chris Farley (if they were alive) at Ryan's buffet.  In that case since I like to be eco-conscious any SUV with a hyrbrid engine is my favorite like the Ford Escape Hybrid.Any year Toyota 4Runner (preferably 4 cyl.) Good on gas, super reliable, great off road, good looking, comfortable.If you want STYLE:. ESCALADE's SUV. . If you want POWER:. Hummer H2 Sport Utility Truck (SUT)!!none to much gas wasting. to large to be safe for the rest of us on the road. wasteful SUV's
either the sensor, sensor connector, or the wire is damaged in some waycheck the oil pump, low pressure.You might need to reset the codes. This could be done by pressing the accelerator 3x while the car is on and then starting the car.  This works for GM models Check the clinton Manuals too. They usually are available at the local public library.the oil n the engine of the car sometimes do not circulate correctly and that causes the pressure to go down or for the engine to read it as ensuffient oil in the engine,and or it comes from a leak !!this may be a problem with sending unit. check the wiring also...it could be grounding out somewhere.
Since it's a rear wheel drive vehicle, remove the driveshaft, unbolt the transmission to engine bolts and lower on a transmission jack. You'll need to disconnect the cooler lines that lead to the radiator and the dipstick fill tube. However, the job really needs a hydraulic car lift to be done efficiently.You really should get a manual to help you. there are really a lot of steps and I know I can't remember them all of the top of my head. Godd mechanics are like doctors, we don't know everything, just where to find the information.call the pros
Depends on if you want an aftermarket or an actual replacement. if you want aftermarket find the best audio dealer near you and let them install it, and don't let them install it for more then 30 bucks that's ripping you off, i use to do installs for a while, they dont cost that much, and if you don't know what your doing do not attempt it yourself you could burn down your car. if you just want your old one replaced with one like it take it to your car's dearlership.park it on the corner of 5th and mainIn replacing the stereo in your car it was defending on your likes cause there's a lot of manufacturer.You will ask how much your budget.Installing of a car stereo is a big deal.I had the same question and I went to Fry's where a lot of choices you can choose from. They install it for you as well. You have to pay for installation though.
CC does indeed mean "cubic centimeters", but, the more cc's a bike has does not necessarily mean more power. The HD Street Rod, a performance cruiser, has a V-twin engine measuring 1130cc and pumps out 110HP, that's pretty stout, but contrast that with a Kawasaki ZX10R with an in-line 4 cylinder 1000cc engine that puts out 173HP!! Granted, the Kawasaki is a sport bike tuned to get the max power for the street, but that's still a big difference.Once upon a time, the size of automobile engines was measured in cubic inches.  Now it is measured in litres.  Motorcycle engines, being much smaller than automobile engines, have long been measured in cubic centimeters, the "cc" of your question.  One litre equals 1000 cubic centimeters.  Both are measures of volume.. . With many qualifications, the bigger the engine the more power it can generate.  This is so because an engine contains one or more cylinders that are used to suck in a mixture of fuel and air which is then compressed and ignited, causing an explosion.  The bigger the cylinder, the more air and fuel can be sucked in and the greater the explosion.  Bigger explosions mean more power in the form of torque transferred to the crankshaft and ultimately to the rear wheel.  Torque is a measure of raw power.. . Most people think of horsepower when asked about power.  Horsepower is a combination of torque and engine speed, as measured by revolutions per minute (rpm), and is a measure of an engine's ability to do work over time.. . HP = (torque*rpm)/5252. . So, more torque means more HP at a given engine speed.  On the other hand, if you can get the engine to spin at really high speeds, you can generate a lot of horsepower with only modest torque.. . For most of its bikes (the VROD is an exception) Harley Davidson has adopted a strategy of high torque, low rpm engines.  Most metric bikes (European and Japanese) have adopted the opposite stategy: low torque, high rpm.  There are advantages and disadvantages to both stategies.  High torque means better low and mid-range acceleration; high HP means higher speed, eventually.  But if you change the gearing, the Harley will go faster (at the cost of acceleration) and the metric will have better acceleration (at the cost of speed).. . One other thing: an engine that generates 75 HP at 4500 rpm will last longer than an engine that generates 75 HP at 9000 rpm.cc means Cubic Centimeters. It tells you the displacement in the engine. The more displacement the more power.bigger cc bigger the engine "cubic centimeters"cc means cubic centimeters. the size of the combustion chamber. the more cc's the more power bcause of a bigger combustion chamber
My chevy did that, my problem was catalitic converter...I really don't know how to spell that.  But what a pain in the neck.  It sputtered alot and sounded a little back firey.... . Just a guess...not really a good car troubleshooter.  Good luck.your transmission is toast.One idea, try a higher octane gasoline.  If you are using 87 octane, try 89.Check the air flow sensorquick test for a clogged exhaust-  remove the o2 sensor in front of the cat. take it for a ride (it will be loud). if performance returns, youve got yourself an exhaust restriction.Because Jeep's suck and will never be any good. Unless you are a U.S. postman in quick need of a vehicle.
If you want the repair to last, use a new panel, or cut and weld in a patch. If you just want to get by for a year or two, use some hardware cloth, (kinda like screen door material with about 1/4" holes). Rivet, or screw it to the cleaned hole, then spread body filler. This won't last forever, but its easy and cheap.if its small holes like from using a dent puller or such, make your first layer a fiberglass reinforced filler and make sure you mash it thru the holes, ie Duraglas, Kitty Hair, Tiger Hair, etc.. . regular filler isnt water proof, the Duraglas is.use wire mesh/netting and adhesive, then filler over the hole.u ould wount to put some type of metal so tht the wholewill not rus behind the filling spot his will also make or a better bonding serfis this is froman person who does auto body
Moving parts and combustion of fuel. Accessories make noise IE: belts and compressor , power steering pump, starter(When cranking engine). loose partsMost engines wont have a sound unless theres something disconected or leaking or worn out, as with the exhaust or a vacuum or internal part, some make knocking sounds or a tapping sound meaning there is some excessive space that need taken up,  the water pump and the smog pump will also make a noise of loose or worn, what kind of sound are you having and where does it sound like its comming from? If all is good working order there should be a smooth even sound. GOD Bless and good luck.Engines turn explosions into motions.. . This will teach you about the simplest engine design.  The two stroke engine.. . http://science.howstuffworks.com/two-stroke1.htmEngines are internal combusion obviously. Most of the time if an engine is making loud noises, it has a problem. A valve might be burnt, a rocker arm might be loose, etc.
There are two chambers inside of the gauge. One chamber is factory set at something like 14.7 psi, or whatever the International Standard is for barometric pressure at sea level at 70 degrees F. The other chamber is plumbed to a static sense port on the outside of the plane which picks up ambient pressure. The guage is constructed so that the pressures work against each other to cause a deflection of the needle. The factory pre-set chamber is why you must calculate your "Density Altitude", which is a calculation to accurately show your altitude under other than perfect conditions(14.7psi at sea level at 70 degreesF).Check this description from Wikipedia...To make it simple, it senses the Atmospheric Pressure of the location you're at. And it will take my hours to make you to explain completely, and even if I do I will confuse everybody. Haha. Just remember, when you go higher altitude, the atmospheric pressure is lower, and there's a "balloon" look-alike thingy inside the altimeter to sense the pressure. If you want to learn more about its mechanical structure and its adjustment, you should check online, because I'm sure it will be confusing if I just type it here.
Bleach usually kills that stuff, but unfortunately that may damage your seats.  I did hear that a solution made with coke would also kill mildew because of the acid.  Haven't tried it yet.  Good luck, nothing stinks like mildew.How bad is it.  You may need to strip the carpet, wash everything with straight bleach and let it air out.Doesnt Lysol kill Mildew and Mold. Myabe if you spray it ans wipe it down. . . Good Luck
There is no ignition key on a moto-x'er, so all you'll have to do is make sure the fuel/gas tap is on (usually found on the left side while sitting on the bike, just under the tank) then just fold out the kick starter (other side) and compress with your foot a few times and catch it with a little throttle (right hand twist grip). Might take a few good kicks to get it to fire!!!. . No don't go stealing your big bro's bike just 'cause I told you how - hahaDon't forget to turn on the choke.
The dealer uses a factory scan tool to access your cars ECM and the immobilizer system to link a new key to the car. If you have a good relationship with your dealer, sometimes they'll cut you a deal.you have to take it to the dealership you nought it at, nobody else knows howAnother one of those Dealer Only items. They have the code locked away for your Security.
It's easy.  Sell it outright, go to the bank where your loan is with the person that wants to buy it, and the bank transfers everything over.  Pretty simple.it depends on where you are.  Different states and countries have different legislation.  Contact the agency with whom you have the loan and explain the circumstances.
Because all of the keypads are made at the same place.  The same keypads that go on a normal ATM are used in the drive-thru ones.  It wouldn't be cost effective to make seperate ones without the braille.Gee whiz, how else are those blind drivers, going to make their deposits and withdrawals.. Although I suspect that it would be easier going inside to see a teller.. I wonder though blind drivers, know how fast they are driving, do they have braille Speedometers? Do the traffic signals, beep their color for them.. So many questions, so few answers.. If any blind person can read this answer, please reply.. Do not use Braille, as I am unable to feel those little bumps on my screen, thank you.I thought they were idiots for doing that until I asked the bank it seems that the companys that make the keypads also make the keypads for all types of equiptment including telephones, elevators and walk up ATM's and it is cheaper to put braille on everything than to make new molds without.cost effectiveness in producing the ATM machines....it is less costly to make them all the same, regardless of where they will be utilized.  :)all ATM's are made in the same way ,they dont make another set just for drive-thru, that isnt cost effective for the company to make two different sets.because people are really stupid.:  .::;  ... :::  > : : ::Dude!  I don't know... But the question made me laugh.. so thanks!They probably don't manufacture different keypads for inside/outside machines.It is a very complex conspspiracy that involves the Uganda govt, antartic land and three cows. They must get rid of all the blind people- they encourage them to drive by placing the Braille menus at drive-thru banks. Some idiot once told me that they are all manufactured at the same place and a uniform product reduces cost but, like I said they were an idiot.First, a blind person may be in a car with someone else. Second, as someone else mentioned, I think, the manufaturers just make them all the same.because blind ppl can use a regular ATM and a drive up ATM is just a regular one with a car portMaybe so your fingers don't slide off while you stretch to press the buttonsBecause you can walk up to a drive-thru ATM and make a transaction. Additionally, they make ATM's in a factory. They aren't about to change the format for the ones that go in the drive-thru just because they expect fewer blind people to come by.I have always wondered this too...I look forward to the answers.Actually, the blind person would of course have to be driven there. Then he/she would feel the braille on the ATM buttons and the rest you know. I've heard that you have to start reading braille at the age of three (if you're blind), but I really doubt this. It would have to be at the age of five or six. You may e-mail me at this address. You're welcome! :)
Remove a spark plug. If its black or fouled you are burning the oil. Your catalytic converter is vaporizing the oil smoke so you can not see it. Have an emission test dome and a compression check.Sure theres not a leak? And it shows no sign's of a white/bluish ball of smoke when you accelerate?, it sounds like its leaking it to me, But I'd check the antifreeze and transmission fluid, if you have a trans cooler in the radiator, could be leaking oil into either of those two. Or your just parking where you can tell its leaking.You seems like you have a small oil leak . Go get it checked and see whats going on .when the last time your car had a tune up and  oil changeHave you check your coolant yet? you may have a bad head gasket and oil is going into your cooling system. good luck don't sound cheap to fix!!!Face the facts, a Saturn was not build with top quality parts.  As previously stated by others...the seals on the values are most likely bad, and the ring are worn.  Try a bottle of RESTORE and forget about it.  . . Check your oil very frequently.I would say that maybe it might be the valve cover gasket leaking oil where the spark plugs are at. Remove your plug wires to see if saturated with oil. Also you may have an internal oil leak. The best way to see for sure is to let your vehicle idle at about 2500 rpms at idle in a well ventilated area for 15 minutes ( by this I mean outside of your garage dont want you to get carbonmonoxide poisoning). After turn it off and let sit for 15 minutes. After that time go and start your vehicle up and just for kicks hit the accelerator a couple of times. If you have blue smoke  coming out the tail pipe then you do have an internal oil leak in your motor.there are seals in your valve cover around each spark plug hole that are notorious for leaking in the saturn 1.9 liters. this makes oil leak into spark plug holes. otherwise its probable its being burnt off. after u shut off engine next time after a good drive, open oil cap and see if smoke comes out.
you can improve ur gas milaege by putting on a tonoa cover on the bed of ur truck, dont gun ur engine when u step on the gas, wax ur truck, keep windows up, put the tail gate down if u dont have a tonoa cover. also use drag from another car. also with the engine u can put a better exhaust, and intake in. buy kool blue airfilters, use cruise control as much as possible.In any car, tread on the accelerator as if it were an egg you didn't want to break.  Anticipate needing to brake and take your foot off the accelerator earlier instead.  Don't use air conditioning.  Don't drive with the window open.  Don't carry heavy loads.  Make sure you tyres are inflated adequately.  Don't drive too quickly.  Don't use a roof rack!Just basic tips for any vehicle.  Don't break or accelerate too quickly.  Driving between 40 - 60 MPH (60 - 90 KPH) is best. And make sure your tires are inflated to the correct pressure.Air flow tailgates (or tailgate nets) help to reduce wind resistance.. . -or-. . Lowering your tailgate is one of the simplest things you can do, and it's free.
Go to your dealer with proof of purchase of the bike. They should be able to provide you with a new key.Remove the ignition switch from your bike. Bring the switch to a Yamaha dealer. They can look up the key code and make a new key for you. If they can't make one, they will send out your switch to have a new key made.tryin to b a car thief...............This is the second car thief question I've seen this week.This is not a fun situatio to be in. I lost the key to my 93 YZF 600 and had to take the ignition, tank lock, and seat lock to a locksmith to get a key made.
Invest in a good set of aftermarket tires. The stock tires on those vehicles weren't very dependable. They had problems that year with the tires and even did a recall on certain brands.you may need to chk. air press. in your tires put about 37 psi in them any more than that and there is a poss. of your situation happening...also get your front end checked out you may have some worn linkage under the front endBecause all cars hydroplane driving fast on wet roads. Buy better tires.Only listen to people on here that have enough sense to know how to spell tires. You people need to go back to school and leave advise of cars to people that are intelligent enough and know how to spell.. . Jason. ASE Cert. Master TechYou'd better to adjust your steering. Say to repairer to check the ball-joints carefully...also check the surface of tyres...some bad tyres seem new but have no good corrugationssee for their size they are actually built light weight and light weight car and trucks(SUV)wont stick to the pavement very well when its wetBecause of the design of the castor.
BAD!!!!!Hahaha Horrible!. I switch between 101 and 87 depending on the days.  Once 87 is finished with all the construction, I will most likely take 87 in the morning.  For right now, 101N is better.. You might want to try monterey road..thats the back road that you can take that goes in same direction
ignition barrel/switch. . . try jumpering the ignition direct from the battery to the ignition as corrosion, wasps and general crud can build up in the ignition switch causing an open circuit in the ignition circuit.Sounds like a loose wire someplace. Do you have mice in the garage? They like to chew wires.Sounds like a coil or regulator. I would start there. More than likely, its going to be your coil.well ill tell you this .... the first thing a mechanic is gonna say is.... if you leave a bike sitting ... your gonna need to clean the carb.... but sense it wont start.... did you put the key in.... and turn it on???.... also is your kill switch turned on?... i know these are stupid questions.... but you have to make surewell, im on the yamaha MX team, although this is not a MX q i fugure i could help, well check the spark plug if that doesn''t work try the airfilter if that does not do anything well shit sorry i cant helpI tried to send a reply, but you have not confirmed your email address.. . Clean the points with a nail file.. Spray cleaner into plug wire conector.. Take the plug out and turn over the motor, watch for spark.. If no spark, replace plugs, retest.What year is your bike? Did you check the main fuse. The fuse holder is connected to the positive battery cable. Make sure the fuse holder is connected to the wire harness. Next problem could be the ignition switch or the negative battery cable isn't making a good connection to ground.
follow the car until it goes back to the lotI would call the local DMV and give them the plate number. If they refuse to disclose info because of privacy, you can always ask a cop.
cat litter to soak it up, and dawn dish liquid to clean the rest.if u dont have cat litter use sawdust or even fine soil. let it lie on the diesel for awhile b4 u use soap
I don't know if would do any good to complain. the news have raised hell about it, the prices go down for a day or two, then they shoot up 20 or 30 cents.                   (  I only live 2 miles from work, so I'm thinking about just riding a bike to work, not only saving precious money on gas, but getting some well-needed exercise !)Ask again when gas gets to over 5 bucks a gallon.Um the news stations have their heads in Rupert Murdoch's butt. Its all a plot. Everything.conspiracy pwns you. now bend over and pay the prices that are set.
It is sprayed by the car dealer to smell new.becuz body oder dirt some people shave their butts and fart in car  just kidding.Im positive that the "new car smell" is actually the glue that they use to attach the carpet and felt to the vehicle, I know this because I work in the Chevy factory.  Hope this helps, thanks for the two easy points.They are PVC fumes, and they make some people really sick.All fumes go away after a while to a certain extent.Probably because it's factory smell and the more you use it the more your smell and others who use it's smell covers the factory smell (Did that make sense?)maybe it is the plastics and upholstery releasing fumesIt is the residual smell of various chemicals used in the plastics and upholstery, and has recently been shown to be toxic.Why when you first hook up with your girlfriend you hump like rabbits then that goes away?its the chemicals used in the plastics and glues. a study has shown that the new car smell, while incredibly delicious, may be harmful to ones healthThe smell goes away because the newness wears off and collects everyday odors that the inside of the car is exposed to, such as body odor, food, etc.It's the smell of the new leather upholstery. The smell wears off eventually, that's why it disappears.It's called "new car smell" if you like. that smell they have a spray you. can use once it wares offbasicly because their newthere new ty 4 the pointsBecause in a new car, all the interior, sometimes leather are factory direct, and have had no contact with people's scents: like deodorant or cologne, perfumes or cigarette smoke.
jibbers is correct. It's to minimize smog formation which requires heat as one of it's elements to form. Filling in the evening, will allow the fumes to disipate.Partly due to air polution.. You will also GET MORE GAS by allowing the tank to fill slowly as the fumes pushed out of the tank evaporate. No one benifits but the gas companies.. . WILL SOMEONE TELL MR. BUSH ENOUGH IS ENOUGH.! We know he is the cause of high prices...................to protect the ozone! When the sun is out there is more ozone in the air. That's what i was told???I've never heard that, but I guess the theory is that the fuel will be cooler and there for more condensed.  So in the morning, when the air warms, you magically get more fuel in the tank as it heats and expands.  I'm not a math or chemistry whiz, but it seems to me that it would take more than a sun set to cool the thousands of gallons in the stations tanks enough to make a difference.  You MIGHT get an extra ounce during the day, but remember, on that theory, when the sun sets, you're tank will lose fuel too.  So you're really getting nothing special.i've heard u should fill up early in the morning, gas prices haven't gone up for the day yetCheck out the big brain on jibbers4204! She gets the best answer on this one. Does anybody know, is she single. I just love smart women!I have never heard that.Because it is cooler, the best time is early morning, gas and fuel, like metal , will expand when it gets warmer outside. Filling up your tank late in the day, when it cools overnight, it will seem like you have less gas.
DEFINATLY!  Exhaust can make it sound exactly how you want it to sound.  My friend has a yoshimura on his ninja 750 and it sounds nice and deep.  I don't know what types of exhausts are available for your type of bike, but definatly look into yoshimura.blow up a ballon and tie it so that the wheel hits the balloon!! hahahahaTake off the gas cap and install a new bike under it. Just kidding, but I had to say it.PUT A COKE CAN IN BETWEEN THE REAR FENDER AND THE WHEEL. WHEN YOU TAKE OFF ITS GONNA SOUND BETTER THAN ANYTHING YOU EVER HEARD...yes! the bigger the betterYes a new muffler can do wonders especially with larger engines like BMWs. Try speaking with a silencer shop. It probably will cost u about 200 bucks or so i guess.Yes first start by cutting off your hair and your muffler on your bike.  Put roofing tar on your seat and neatly arrange your hair on there.  Now you have good exhaust and a nice seat.. . Grandma give me a kiss. Merle Lee Lee Hirt
no. that hail will bust your windsheild as soon as you pick up speed. best thing to do is call your job and tell them it is hailing and you'll be in as soon as it stops. if haven;t stop already.I don't think it's safe but it is better then walking so suggest you ride in a car because the roof may give you some remember i said some protection. Good luck with the hail!Call in sick.as long as you aren't riding a bikeif you take certain measures, then it is safe. this is what u must do:. get chains!. try to drive the most tough car possible. use 4 wheel drive if u have it with chains. get all windows covered. make sure ur windshield wipers work. have as much gas as possible. if u r religious, pray.. . i hope that helps and good luckIf you were in Colorado,that's where they have lots of hail and big ones too! But you are not in Colorado so I'm not gonna worry.Yes, just hope you haven't got a soft top car!!!!It's safer than driving in hell! Wheeeeee!Its is kinda safe because the car gives u some protection BUT a giant ice of hail can break your car so its kinda not safe...
donate it or call a junk yard.What type of car? I'll take it off your hands.1. Find a river.. . 2. Drive into it.look in your local phonebook and call a junk yard are a towing service and they may give you little for it or no charge at allLook up "salvage yards" in the phone book.  Usually they will haul your car away for free.. . If you don't find anything under salvage yards, you might try junk yards or auto parts recyclers or some other such thing.trade it in against another carput and ad in the paper  there are many people that fix junker cars for a hobbey or for a living Im sure someone will want itThere are companys who'll come tow it away and give you money for the scrap metal.  Look in the Yahoo Yellow pages or the phone directory.take to junk yardif u leave it on a street and give me the street name me and ma pals will come and burn it for u!
take motorcylce safety class. . wear a snell approved full-face helmetYOU HAVE ALREADY STARTED ON THE RIGHT PATH. ASK QUESTIONS. WEAR ALL SAFETY EQUIPMENT, KEEP TIRES INFLATED, LEARN TO USE THE FRONT BRAKE PROPERLY. WATCH OUT FOR DISCOLORED PAVEMENT AHEAD, TRACTION MAY DEGRADE. DONT FOLLOW TOO CLOSE OR RIDE IN THE BLIND SPOTby learning to ride itCheck the web for an MSF (Motorcycle Safety Foundation course near you.  They are usually held at community college campuses, or motorcycle dealerships.  If you want to buy a Harley you can take the MSF course at a H-D dealership under the name Riders Edge.please ride with an adult person & wear studds helmet also..........good luckmotorcylce safety class. Helmet I meana good DOT approved helmet. Motorcycle clothing. Leather will save your life.. Don't practice in traffic, use an empty parking lot or country roads are great. And practice countersteering. . There are two kinds of bikers - one who have gone down because of an automobile driver and those that will go down. It will happen  to you.The only safe way to drive a motor cycle is to keep it in the garage. I have tried all safe and not so safe ways of driving it and have the scars to prove it. Besides skill, you need a good portion of luck.Ahhh a great question!. Ok, first a rider course is the best option for a start.. You can ask the DMV or local community colleges where they are. Next is a good helmet, a thick leather jacket, and leather gloves.. I always wear boots when riding.. Things have a tendency to hit you from tires of shiny boxes or semis.. Be very watchfull of your surroundings, ie: other drivers.. Relax and Enjoy!
if it's overloading fuel pressure regulator is not necessarily bad, but the vacuum could be.Fuel pressure regulator or bad injectors.Lots of things... like the other guy said, fuel pressure regulator, or injectors...might also want to check the egr valve and oxygen sensors.most likly cause is coolant temp sensor how ever air mass sensor  and proper fuel pressure can cause very simuler situation. O2 sensor does not come into play on cold starts also check ground wires near transaxle they were made too small in diameter and commonly break at or near connector
r u mad. Audis are the best cars in da world. they are fast n they are very reliable. unlike a piece of paper which u put in da rain n it drownesjust a coincidencecos they r  genious.. who cares anyway... many car makes  r from last names.. sure audi just wasnt someones last name?the A stands for Audi.......you are a piece of paper you duce bagBecause they didn't! your halucenating!!
Well the Nissan Sentra Se-R V spec is a nice compact.  It has good gas mileage and at only 2700 lbs the 175 hp allow it to go from 0-60 in less than 5 sec.  In regards to the challenger, its expected to come out in late 2008 or early 2009I'm gonna be silly,,,forgive me.. .   My wee beast is pretty cool,,,well actually only with the windows open at highway speeds.. .   It's a 91 Pontiac Le Mans/ Daewoo,, bargain brand. It has many issues which I don't discuss with it very kindly, but it just turned Seven  2's on the Odometer, runs me a 1000 mile commute each week, has ailments I nurse, is not at all pretty, gets better than 30 to the gallon still, and I hope it takes me another few thousand.. .    COOL is subjective,,,seriously. HIGH FUEL PRICES are not.. .    Unless you have more dollars than sense, don't much care about where we are headed, don't mind buying a vehicle from a foreign owned company, have your ego tempered, and want to get where you need to go, without a lot of flash, I'd suggest lots of shopping, test drives, budget considerations for next year and the next 5,,,etc. etc. etc.. . Rev. StevenIt could be chevrolet Cobalt.I like the New G6 GT and the Solstice from Pontiaca chevy cavalier or cobaltif you want a nice 4 cylinder the srt4 dodge neons are allegedly pretty nice but i would have to go with a supercharged cobalt... mopar just doesnt have it anymore
5w-30 and 10w-30 are the same weight at operating temperature...... ( 30 ) while the 5w-30 has a better cold flow (thinner at the same cold temp then what 10w-30 would be). 10w-30 however will shear less then 5w-30 (go out of grade) the newer formulations of oils today, 5w-30 will do great!. Also the "W" stands for winter.5w is thinner and finner.The numbers have to do with cold and warm viscosity. First number is the cold one, and after the W is of course the warm one. Most new cars have tighter tolderances so then don't need a thicker oil, thus 5W30 is the most popular.oil has weights. the difference between the two is that 10w oil is thicker at a lower temperature than 5w oil.about 5 w'sThe difference of viscocity  (thickness) determines the grade,the best bet is a good multigrade in your engine and . gear oil(90s)in gear box and differential,if on your car has box and diffthey are for different types of engines.  you have your 4-8 cylinder that are mainly in cars and trucks, but you can't put no 10w30 in a diesel truck.  it'll run right through that engine.  make sense.different viscosity (thickness) when cold. When at normal operating temp they have the same viscosity
You might have more money in it than if you just went out an purchased one.  I build a tube bender for abround $300 dollars, when anew cost $350.  I spend many hours on this, and it does not work, or look, quite as good as a new one...plus no warranty.  Weigh the cost and time against buying a new one.If you have no idea, you should probably buy one. It will be safer for you and your neighbors.  :) Alternatively, take a small engine (large weedwacker etc) mount it to a custom steel frame, connect a water pump (from a car will do) to the output shaft on the motor. On the inlet side of the pump connect your fluid reservoir. Make sure your container will hold enough for the job you wish to do. Also make sure the reservoir is vented to prevent vacuum. On the output side of the pump attach the high pressure hose and nozzle. Obviously, you will require clamps, welding equipment, vibration dampening, and other fittings to assemble the contraption. You should also consider adding a safety relief valve or a bypass on the high pressure side. Speed of motor and aperture of nozzle will determine pressure of spray.The dangers of making your own pressure washer could result in serious injury.  You would need to create a sealed compression chamber for your air that would have to create 1400+ PSI and hold 1-5 gallons of air for personal use, and 20-50 gallons of air for commercial use.  you would then need a water source, hose or tank.  by the time you go through all of this trouble you will have spent more than you would to buy one.
Ems is right the price for a barrel is 72$$.  since the company's pay more for it they have to charge at the pump to keep there business upGreed on the part of the oil corporations worldwide. $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$because china is buying up most of it now. 2nd behind usBecause the price of a gas barrell is at an all time high.bc of George BushBecause the majority of oil produced in the world comes from a few countries, mainly in the middle east (Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, etc.) and they belong to a group called OPEC which limits the production of oil, which in turn causes gas prices to increase when demand increases relative to the amount of oil being produced.
High flow air induction system, performance computer, and a better free flowing exhaust system, such as headers and dual exhaust. There are many ways, just keep in mind what you do may prevent you from passing smog tests, if needed.A little head work goes a long way, larger valves, porting and polishing. Cam upgrade is great for extra hp. It really depends on how much money you have and just how much power you're looking for. If you want to keep it simple you could start with a Flowmaster cat-back dual system and go from there.A roots style blower should boost power.give these guys a call.. . . www.krcperformance.com
the struts and the wheels.  they help the plane to land and taxi along the runway.  sometimes refer to as the landing gear.holds the tires & wheels on the ground until it takes off into the air and then some fold upUndercarriage on an aircraft is a term normally used in England referring to the supporting structure designed into the aircraft for the purpose of separating said aircraft from its supporting surface (ground, water, snow etc.) allowing it to move around that surface as you would desire or require.  You will find an undercarriage of some form has been installed on all aircraft.Holds lugageAnother term for "undercarriage" is "landing gear".. . Both terms describe the wheels and struts which the aircraft uses while on the ground.. . The undercarriage may or may not be retractable, depending on the aircraft design and construction.
wrenchman 1995 is right.  Just be sure you aren't blinding the other drivers.  An out of adjustment low beam is just as bad as a high beam hitting you in the eyes.. . Walk away from the front of the car about forty feet or so.  With the headlights on low beam, get down to the level you be at if you were driving toward your car.  You will see if your lights are blinding anyone.The level is for setting the lamp, the lamps usually have adjusters to set this level. With car on level ground, adjust the lamp assembly to bring the bubble into the center. With the car on level ground, adjust the side adjustment to move the lamp and place the beam directly ahead. This is easy to do in the evening against a wall from about 20 feet.
I am currently swinging on anchor in Narragansett Bay and have Nobeltec running a raster chart to keep track of my position. I am not sure I understand your question as it seems to insinuate that there is some new and perhaps better way to navigate. In my experiance, some like vector some, like me, are hard headed and like raster. The tug and barge I am on is 590 ft overall and I trust this type of electronic charting literally with my career.vector charts are easier on the eyes, and quicker to render.  raster is a bmp type image.. i think.. and because they want to.
What year, engine size, model #. If yours has an oil level sight glass on the left cover below the oil fill cap, run the bike for a couple of minutes, let it cool down for a couple of minutes, hold the bike up straight. The oil level should be at the top line of the sight glass.You've either got a sight window of a dipstick...check the right side of the bike, down low for a sight window. If none, then there is a dipstick located under the oil filler cap. Make sure the bike is on level ground and is standing upright - not on the side stand!
rainAny jet is capable of leaving that trail.  It is frequently referred to as a CON TRAIL for condensation trail.  When the temperature and humidity are right the engine's heat will cause condensation in the atmosphere just like clouds.  What you see is that condensation.It has to do w/temperature and humidity rate differences between the exhaust & the ambient air.Contrails are vapor trails left in the sky when the hot exhaust of an aircraft engine meets the extremely cold high-altitude air. The more moisture in the air, the more visible the contrail. It's the same as when you see your breath on a cold day. FYI, jets are not the only planes to leave a contrail. Piston-engine bombers such as B-17s, B-24s and B-29s in WWII left them on bombing runs. The bomber crews didn't want to leave those trails, either. The gunners on the ground just love contrails. They're a dead giveaway to your exact location in the sky.because of cloud seeding and trying to keep our atmosphere from leaving us...the ones that stay in the sky and turn into clouds, you know the ones that stay, are the bad ones...they don't want us to know the truth because of what will happen if we do find outafterburnerwell from what i know its the wind and temp i am a cessna pilot myself .Sometimes, it is the engine. Other times, the plane might be dropping out fuel.Me Again gave a reasonable answer to contrails left by aircraft.. . However there are another type of "contrail" left behind special aircraft. They are known as "Chemtrails" If you want to learn more about them go to any search engine and type in Chemtrails. What you learn may surprise you and make you angry at the same time.
Ferule screws in at the head, and may be held by a clamp, or screwed at the tranny.you may be able to feal it . . follow the cable up with your hand feal the conection if its threaded screew it back hand tight
You are probably best contacting the DVLA in Swansea and they should be able to tell you. You will be able to find the phone number in your local telephone book or to phone directory enquiries. I hope that you can get one!. . Usually you can apply for a provisional licence which then enables you to go for lessons with a qualified instructor or with someone over 21 who has had a licence for about 4 years ( I think). You have to have one of these before you are allowed on the road.DVLA,. Swansea,. SA99 1BN. . Driving Licence Enquiries: 01792 772151if you want to apply for a Uk driving license go to your nearest post office and ask there there should be one in your nearest town or local shopsContact DVLA in Swansea you should be able to exchange your full Licence from Bosnia for a full UK one. Expect to pay a fee for exchanging your licence.go to the DMVprobaly look up in the yellow pages and see if you could find a driving and go from there
gasoline has a sucrose (sugar) base, which gives it that very yummy smell, almost like candy.  and, if they did add something to give it a bad odor, they'd most likely get too many complaints from people when they were filling up their cars!!i don't like the smell . flares up my asthma .OK YOU GUYS SHOULD STOP SMELLING GASOLINE...! LIKE, UH..FORREAL. NOT GONNA DO ANYTHING FOR YOU...THERE ARE A LOT OF FOODS IM SURE SMELL REALLY GOOD AND WONT BURN OFF YOUR BRAIN CELLS!Yeah, why don't they.  May be they could charge us more than.lol, funny question. oddly i like the way it smells too. :)I dont see how you can like the smell of gas and would think most people dont like it either so i think they did make it smell bad but since u think it smellls good maybe they need to change the smellIf you think it smells good now, you should have smelled it ten years ago. It smelled way better then, now they put all sorts of additives and crap in it.yeah it does smell good but i try  not to smell it too much! lolI dunno but man it does smell good.I wish I knew but thats why I stand outside when i go to thepump.It smells good?  Really?Why would you want gas to smell bad?  I fill my tank once a week, and wouldn't enjoy smelling an offensive odor while doing that!
IT DOES UNSCREW, BUT IT MAY BE ON THERE PRETTY GOOD. TRY A STRAP WRENCH. THAT SHOULD DO THE TRICK.try the nissan dealerIt should just unscrew.. If Not see if there is a small srew on the shifter knob..with a torch..start @ the gas tank..lol..i hate imports.
Mechanic to pull the code and recomend work BUT. u take it home and fix it if u canbuy A diag computer for about 800 bucks
Remove the old plywood and replace it with new. It's not rocket science!1.Dry dock the boat. 2.It comes out the same way as any boat floor, screws and plugs.. 3. drill out the plugs over the screws.. 4.Unscrew the screws.. 5.Start at the widest place first, move forward.
Go to the local Acura or Honda dealer and let them handle it.You can use the link below, please note that there are multiple pages.  It goes over installation of coilovers however you'd just be installing new shocks with the stock springs I assume.  My main piece of advice, get a quality set of spring compressors, getting the spring off and on is probably the most dangerous part of process.Mechanic ShopI would pay a few bucks to use a shops spring compressor. The DIY spring compressors take a lot of work/sweat to get on and get off. Some shops will only charge $20-30 to do all 4.
The additional letters after the model of a car generally refer to the trim line -- the level of packaged extras you get beyond a basic package for any given car. The letters will vary by car manufacturer and make. The trim lines may include a larger engine, a nicer interior, different tires and wheels, navigation system, different stereos, etc, or any combination of those things.ss= super sport, I think. But i know le=luxury edition and ls=luxury sedanSS is the only one that matters. it means Super Sport.
Use a cotton cloth and twist the old bulb out.  It should turn counter clockwise.  when placing in the new bulb DO NOT TOUCH IT WITH YOUR HANDS.  AutoZone or Advanced Auto Parts will help you with the replacement if you ask them.One open the hood. Two look behind the light you wish to replace. Three the bulb holder twist locks into the headlight housing. Four twist the holder to the left to remove it from the housing,Five extract the old bulb pulling stright out. Use a cloth, never touch the bulb this will cause it to blow or burn out.Six hold bulb with cloth & plug bulb in, Seven replace holder into the housing by turning it to the right. Your now in Heven you can now see again.
Yeah, rear drums can stick.. . I usually have to hit them with a rubber mallet a few times for them to loosen up.. . Also check to see if they have holes where you can put a bolt into that will push the drum off, but typically a rubber mallet has been my best solution.Look on the back, if there is a little square this backs the shoes off the drum, turn it each way until you feel the drum getting loose , also on the front of the drum is sometimes one or two countersunk screws you need to remove these , on others there is a nut in the middle (as well as) that needs to be removed , this nut holds in the wheel bearing , sometime its locked in place with a lock washer remove all these thing and twat it with a copper mallet and with luck should shock right off. Hope this helpsLook on the back, if there is a little square this backs the shoes off the drum, turn it each way until you feel the drum getting loose , Also instead of a rubber mallet I've always used a small three lb. sledge a couple of wacks usually do it.
go and ask them..... duhCall and ask. Know the date of the fine.LOOK UP YOUR BOOTY AND AROUND THE CORNERUse yahoo yellow pages scroll down to browse by city and choose South Carolina on to Spartanburg then on to government; law and justice, and city hall finally, where you will find city manager with telephone number. If you don't find the information there inquire whom to call..
Yeah give examples.  Every one I can think of is married.because they dont have to deal with a girlfirend, or anything like that, they are free to do what they want.cause they dont have anything else to do with their time or anything else to think about other than work so they do a really good job.To be honest men like this u say have no expenses they dont' have to worry about taking care of a family or a wife for the matter they stay at home they buy what they need.  Also there attention goes to there job so there goes a nice promotion for the young mancan you give some examples?Relationships can oftentimes tie up a whole lot of your time. With no relationship to hassle with, you can channel that energy into focusing on something else.We are so dedicated to succeeding that we forget what true success is. Real success is finding the person who makes you whole. A job won't do it, a promotion won't do it, a million bucks won't do it, but for some it's easier than meeting the right girl. I still haven't found her.Because they are willing to sacrifice a relationship.  No matter how things appear no body has everything.WHAT DO FLOOD, FIRE, HURRICANE AND YOUR WIFE HAVE IN COMMON?  ONE DAY ONE OF THEM IS GONNA TAKE YOUR HOUSE.They waste their lives working, so they do not find time to lock into a real relationship.  Waste of a life.They are too busy working and staying successful to have time for a girlfriend, so they get a cat instead.This of course assumes you measure success in monetary terms. Because they devote their lives to a job.  What a dreary existence.
Two in the front bucket seats, the same in the cramped rear seat.2 comfortable seats + 2 torture seatsIt simply means, it is not 4x4. So, that Nissan got an engine of 300zx which ONLY motors either the front two or back wheels.Two proper front seats, and two tiny little rear seats - same as a Porsche2 full seats and 2 occasional seatsYES! It refers to the seating. (2 in front, 2 in back)i am pretty sure everyone besides blackman is right. two seats with another two seats in back. nothing to do with the drive wheels
There is nothing to be gained by doing that.  It's like selling your mansion and moving into a cardboard box.. . Performance, economy, no matter how you slice it, fuel injection is superior to carburetion.  There's a reason why nobody in auto racing uses carburetors anymore.fit a carb manifold and a carb, you can buy a kit with instructions nine times out of ten that is a straight bolt on. who asked if it was a good idea anyway,? i thought this forum was about answers to questions not whether or not the questioner is right or wrong to ask it.Why would you want to do that. Fuel injected cars get better mileage, more horsepower, and less headache when they break down.why would you want to I think fuel injected engines are better but if your going to do it lots of man hrs. gas tank  engine hoses lines and wiring good luck buddy your going to need it cause mine is still setting in the back yard (carburetor to fuel injected)First off, why would you want to?  Fuel injection is so much better for every application.  First I need to know what kind of vehicle this is and what kind of eng it has.  Generally you have to change out intake manifold and fuel delivery.Every body's asking why would you want to do it?  I say what the heck, haven't they ever drove a carburated vehicle that's tuned properly.  They are much more responsive and do make more horsepower.  That said, fuel economy does suffer.. Depending on your application you will need a carb, intake, distributor and ignition like a MSD 6A.  You'll have to scrap the computer, I think that's a good thing.  But know this, your vehicle will likely no longer be street legal.  Check local emissions laws.Why would you want to?. . Anyway, if it's port injection, you will require a new intake manifold.. If it's throttle body injection, just replace it with a carb. . The fuel pressure will be too high, so it will need to be lowered. . . And lastly, if there is a computer, you will require the electronics so it knows it is no longer fuel injected.
Have you got a diesel?. . Diesels don't have manifold vacuum to power a brake booster, so they need either an hydraulic system or a vacuum pump, either of which could comprise or form part of an "accumulator package".it hooks to the brake and stops the car you can go with out one but the car won't stop what ever you want or tie a rope to the bumper and a hook to the other end when you want to stop throw  out the hook  you might stop the car that waydont know about an accumulator package but an accumulator is usually used in a hydra boost brake system it "stores" pressure so if your power steering pump goes out you still have quite a few brake applications before you lose your power brakes. also helps absorb shock in the braking system.
If you have a dual axle it is cheaper and easier to just replace half the axle.  It comes already complete, otherwise get a chilton's and it will tell you step by step.ask me another question an id no
The seat ibiza FR. It's a great car, drives well and looks great. One of my friends has one and loves it, so I recommend the Seat.megane. my friend said that.the ibiza it has a good engine and its gas economical and it will last in the long run .none, buy japanese!!ford ecosport . . cuz ford is the BEST!!!none of those, HONDA is the best...i don't know what any of those are....you should buy a Nisan Quest because i have one!ford cars are known for being shiting. i would only buy one of there trucks. i don't know what the hell the seat is and renault i don't know much about except that it is foreign and that means that the insurance and repairs are going to cost more. chevy however does have some really reliable cars. it all depends on what your looking for though.
Call a car dealer. might be a little pricey but will be an exact match.Inside the lip of the drivers door is a sticker.  It has your paint code.No problem. I thought I saw something in your post that said "Honda". I had an Acoord a few years ago, and most dealerships keep touch-up paint on-hand and it's not expensive. In my case it was only $2.49. In fact, my Chevy dealership also carried some Honda touch-up paints so I can only assume that other dealerships may carry other manufacturers' paints also. Just remember to look inside your front door and get a code/serial # for the paint so they can get you the exact match.Try your local Auto Parts Store.  Some have paint counters and can mix the right color.open up your driver side door, and on the piller where the striker bolt is at there should be a white sticker that says ext. color (example. NH578p)
that's when you don't need gears.  The transmission will find the appropriate gear for you based on your desired speed. .... also has infinite number of gears.A continuously variable transmission, or CVT, uses a system of belts and pulleys to transmit power.  The pulleys can open or close along their centerline.  This effectively varies the diameter of the pulley as the belt rides higher or lower in the pulley.  As one opens up, the other closes, which effectively changes the gear ratio.. . The opening and closing of the pulleys is controlled by hydraulic actuators that are in turn controlled by the car's computer system to select the best gear ratio for the exact conditions at the moment.. . Gasoline engines are most efficient at wide open throttle.  Wide open throttle reduces the pumping losses just getting air into the engine.  (This is one of the reasons for the higher fuel efficiency of a diesel engine.)  A CVT allows the engine to efficiently operate at wide open throttle more of the time and increases fuel efficiecy as a result.  Don't confuse this with stomping on the accellerator; that is very fuel INefficient!. . CVT transmissions also do not normally use a torque convertor as they have a broader range of gear ratios available.  This avoids the losses in fuel efficiency due to heat generated in the torque convertor and the mechanical inefficiecy of a torque convertor.
Most are in the 90 ft/lb rangeStand on the lug wrench.  You can't go wrong.
because they cant find there right handThey did not "choose" the left hand side to be different from the US ! In the Middle Ages, it was easier to use your sword if you kept on the left side of the road! It was the rule in almost all Western countries. Later, Napol?on decided the right hand side was the rule and enforced in all the countries he occupied!goofy isn't it. shifting cars with your left hand. . just because they wanted to be different than the USAwhen meeting on a trail/path knights would have their left hand carrying a sheild (because the majority of people are right handed, swordplay by the dominant hand), thus to greet one another the knights would need to pass each other on their right...Why do cars in your country drive on the right?More people drive on the left in the world! We have roundabouts as well!It started from the Horse and buggy days- on country switched so they wouldn't hit pedestrians on the side of the road with the whip.  Can't remember which country though...They want to.That goes back to the days of the Knights.  Quite often, travelers on horses would have to pay tolls to use various roads in various regions of the country.  There would usually be a soldier stationed to collect these tolls, who was often armed with a weapon called a Pike.  The rider would pay the soldier with his left hand, freeing his right hand to be  ready to draw his weapon if needed.  This is where the word "Turnpike" comes from, and why they still drive on the left.because they want to!?!?
Hi at least try to take it off first, the best way, and  after you need to replace the tire stud,  if on the front with disk brakes need to remove the rotor, if it is on the back with drum, need to remove it and then punch it out. . . . Good LUck. . PedroYou must be a DIY'er. Well instead of writing alot on this page,I did a quick search for you.There may be more ways to do this,but go to the two websites I'm listing below.I found the sites pretty interesting and they have the answer you need.No need for me to repeat them,just go to the site.Hope this helps you. ENDtry putting pressure against the lug nut.  That might put enough pressure on the stud to get it to hold still.  Pull the tire toward you while you wrench on it.  Might not work since most lugs are designed to resist backing off, but sometimes it'll work.  otherwise the word "hacksaw" comes to mind... Either way, you'll have to replace the stud.  Good luck.You're gonan have to take it to a shop and have them chop it.  Sorry.Call AAA or go to Kragen they have a kit that can grip the lug for youweld a socket to the nut and then put on a ratchet and viola all you will need is a welder old socket and a new lug nut
I have heard of people using rain-x on the inside of their windows to stop fogging.  Take a look at http://www.rainx.com/I know this works for bathroom mirrors, try latherin up some shaving cream, smear it on the windows like u were about to shave. Just wipe it off with a towel and it shouldnt fog up. You may have to do this every so often thoughput vaseline on the windows, then wipe it with a pair of fruit of the loom whitey-tighties.make sure to use a new pair of underwear.turn on the heater and direct it to the windscreen
Yeah, what those guys said.You will have to take the interior door panel off and remove, I believe, three nuts that secure the handle to the door. Be sure not to bend the lock rod and push rod to the door latch.remove the inner panel. roll the window up .. you can see the retaining nuts on the inside of the outer skin , remove these nuts .. unhook the linkage and wah lah ..
The crank(shaft) pulley is the biggest pulley in front of the motor. It's at the very bottom of the motor. If you take off all your belts and turn your car on, it'll be the only pulley that's moving.It's the pulley attached to the crankshaft.its what those guys up ^ there saidThe crankshaft pulley is the main pulley at the bottom of the engine, usually the largest of all of the pulley. The crankshaft has the pistons attached to it, and the pistons rotate up and down.
In general, pull the dipstick, wipe it off, and stick it in again, it makes sure that you get an acurate reading.. . There should be a little crosshatched area or two markes that show you where the oil level should be.. . THe dipstick handle will usualy be yellow, or have engine oil written on it in yellow, it will be off to the sides of the engineIn general, fuzzy's right.... but if your adding oil continuosly, and the stick shows no difference, you must be leaking it somewhere, or burning alot of oil.... But if you mean the level never changes within your oil change interval, thats good, its not using much oil, but I'd still check it regularly, not checking it just goes against my policy, its gotta be checked everytime when cold. A new engine is not exactly cheap..... same goes for other things, powersteering, coolant, trans and brake fluid, all of those maybe once a month or two months... if they don't leak.Yeah really can't help you because if popping the hood and pulling out the dipstick doesn't work I can't help you especially with your poorly written additional details. Sorry :(
ACARS (Aircraft Communication And Reporting System) and CPDLC (Controller Pilot Datalink Communications) are two different systems.. ACARS is used more frequently to communicate with the company operations center to obtain weather, NOTAMS or to make a special request (like a wheelchair).. CPDLC is used to communicate with ATC, to make position reports or request a change of Flight Level or deviations, it can also be used to declare an emergency.  This in not an automatic function.It depends on the Civil Aviation Authority, the airlines and the aircraft FMS. There are a variety of standards in place.. . It certainly is possible to possible to use ACARS to obatin positioning and other data from the aircraft.. . I can tell you about Sweden where I recently completed a project for the Swedish Civil Aviation Administration in which we used ACARS to communicate between ATCC and the Scandinavian Airlines fleet. A variety of messages are exchanged between the ATCC and the aircraft, one of which includes an Intetent Data List (includes current and future positioning data), however, all these messages are generated only when interrogated by ATC.. . Although, the possibility of a fully automated process is there, due to bandwidth limitations and cost we have not implemented one yet. . . Once the ADS-B system will be put in place ( in a couple of years) and ACARS will be replaced by VDL Mode 4 (UAT in USA) we plan to fully automated this process.
I don't think they are in California. They end up in prison.Cause the world of insurance is wacky.  I was parked in a Home Depot lot when a truck with his truckbed full of equipment backed into my car.  He was totally responsible and agreed that it was his fault.  The police report showed it was all his fault.  Yet, on my insurance policy I lost the "Good Driver" discount because of this accident.  It was totally his fault, his insurance paid, however, I was told by my Allstate insurance agent that because I had the gumption to file a claim against his insurance that flags an insurance company to show that I have no issue filing a claim if an accident occurs and it leads to a slightly higher rate for a few years.  I dumped Allstate after that and went with a small, local agency who understands life a little better.If the insured driver was at fault, then the uninsured is able to collect through the insured's company.  The uninsured person will still be ticketed and have other consequences for not having insurance.
In the days of sailing ships, the term SS stood for "Sailing Ship". Steam ships are termed SS which stands for "Steam ship" because they are powered by steam. If the vessel is powered by a internal combustion motor such as diesel engine or a gas turbine unit, the vessel's name has MV ("Motor Vessel") denoting the type of propulsion the vessel has.A steamboat or steamship, sometimes called a steamer, is a boat or vessel that is propelled by steam power driving a propeller or paddlewheel. The term steamboat is usually used to refer to smaller steam-powered boats working on lakes and rivers, particularly riverboats in the USA; steamship generally refers to steam powered ships capable of carrying a (ship's) boat. Steamships gradually replaced sailing ships for commercial shipping through the nineteenth century, and were in turn superseded by diesel-driven ships in the first half of the twentieth century. Nuclear powered ships and submarines use steam to drive turbines, but are not referred to as steamships or steamboats.. . Screw-driven steamships generally carry the ship prefix "SS" before their names, or "TS" where powered by a steam turbine. Paddle steamers usually carry the prefix "PS". The term steamer is occasionally used, out of nostalgia, for diesel motor-driven vessels, prefixed "MV".Steam shipSoon to be Sunken?Steam Ship.In the US Navy it's USS not SS..it stands for "United States Ship" as in "USS Cannol FFG 1057". . . {for those who don't already know...the USS Cannol is a decommissioned ship and has been sold to the Greek Navy...so it's ok to use it as an example}State Ship
Call a mechanic....thats what I do.Go to a Auto Zone, you can rent tools free to complete the task.  They also have couplers in all different sizes.  You can buy hand hack saw to cut the pipe they have those too.  It's really not that tough to do.  Be sure to look their rental tools over carefully.. . Good LuckC-clamps might hold it, but it should be welded.  If your other one fell off, how much pipe did it take with it?  You may need more than just a muffler.
If you can't take it off then take it back to the moron that put it on with a impact wrench with the wrong clutch setting and probably no anti-seize compound on the threads.call the police or just play with it lolif it 's on that good u might have to take it to a tire dealer, pay them a little $, & get them to remove it for you.if you cant break it loose with a lug wrench than you should stop in at a garage have them loosen them and go from thereYou need a "cheater bar", a long tube or pipe that you put over the handle of the wrench to extend it, giving you more leverage. Be careful, or you will just break your wrench this way.. . Next time your tires are put on in a shop, make them write on the work order your request to not tighten the nuts to where it takes power tools to loosen them. Test it (no need to have the car up on the lift, just try to loosen the lug nuts) before you leave the shop, and if they didn't do it right, make them do it over.. . Then find a new shop. If the nuts are put on that tight, these guys are morons who are destroying the nuts and bolts.Put a metal pipe on your tire wrench handle to give yourself more leverage.  You can also have someone else take it off with another power tool.squirt with some liquid wrench to help loosen it up and let it set for 30 minutes. Put a long pipe on the end of a 1/2" ratchet with socket large enough for lug nut, will give you more leverageRemove it with a power tool. Seriously though, the longer the lever arm on your tire iron, the easier it will be to remove. You could extend the lever arm by fitting a metal pipe over the handle end to increase the force you can apply.Put wd 40 or liquid wrench on it for about 15 min let it sit then use a long pipe on a ratchet or take it to a shop andd let them loosen them a bit for you.It all depends, usually just a regular tire iron will eventually work the nut off.  Make sure that the tire is on the ground when you try to loosen the bolt otherwise your tire will spin and rock a bit not allowing enough tension.  If it is a wheel lock you may actually need a key to remove it.if it is not coming off with a hand tool it is more than likely that it is stripped and ruined anyways.  You can try the pipe and wrench but you are going to have to break it off and replace it if it is not coming off with just a tire tool.
Peace is correct and the advice is good.  I'm sure that that you can go to a salvage yard and find another sensor to replace yours with.  It's a cheap way of solving your problem, but as the saying goes, What is your life worth.. . Good LuckThe sensor is a once activation only and should be replaced with a new sensor. attempting to alter it in any way will lead to totally uncertain results. I don't recommend you to play around with safety coz in the end your life is much more valuable than what you might save.
It will run like hell, not to mention the noise generated.  The other guys are correct about the removal, but you can also try penetrating oil and a propane tank.  Don't forget the hammer.  Tap, Tap, Tap . . I noticed that a lot of cars fail due to the EGR valve, make sure that it's working.I'm assuming you are certain it is bad? Just because it fails an e check doesn't mean it's the O2 sensor.If you don't get your o2 replaced you'll have poor engine performance and bad fuel economy.The oxygen sensor is hard to remove as it is in a place that gets extremely hot and has some corrosion. Try putting releasing oil around it to soak in overnight and try to remove it before you run the engine again.. . Most cars will put on a warning light of some type, usually the one that just means "go to your dealer" when this sensor packs up.. . It's failure or removal will effect your emissions and fuel economyYou will use gas more gas and emission levels will go up and you will still fail the emissions test I would recommend trying to heat the exhaust pipe around the O2 sensor get it red hot then try to remove the O2 sensor if it still will not come out you will probably have to replace that part of the exhaust I have ran in to different O2 sensors that the treads got messed up from the exhaust heat and where unremovable good luckyoure supposed to have a special socket to get thoes out if you can heat the exaust with a torch not the sensor then uncrew it it should come out with easeProbably make it a lot worse.  Best way is to just get it fixed or take it in to someone that can get it out for you.It will effect emmissions because you car's computer is taking readings from that--your exhaust gasses--and determining how to mix fuel with air back up in the top of the engine.  Removing that will A) leave a hole in your exhaust, under your car, which will be loud and will send a pure exhaust smell up through your car.  It's more than just a smell though...CO is dangerous and can kill you, that why exhaust pipes typically flow out the rear of the car.  B) it will throw your car's computer out of whack since it is no longer getting readings and will misadjust your fuel/air curve.  Your car will run terribly, stink, and as someone mentioned, you engine light will come on.  . . As far as getting it out, heat will expand the metal around it, and you'll be able to unscrew it, like others have mentioned.  When you replace it, use something called "anti-seize" compound.  It comes in ketchup-like packets at the front counter of most auto-parts stores.I was a mechanic a few years ago and know it will mess up your emissions. Also your check engine light will most likely come on as well. Your best bet is to have it replaced by a mechanic due to the position of the sensor.99% of the time, if your oxygen sensor is causing emissions failure try the following:. . Take the sensor out, put on some goggles and gloves then take a torch/blowlamp to the sensor and get it red hot for 2 - 3 minutes.. . Put it back in, reconnect and retry.. . Driving around like a granny or with a rich mixture furrs up the sensor with carbon and stops it working correctly. This heat cleans it all out and usually solves the problem.. . Euan
use light rubbing compound, then wax, the rubbing compound removes wax too.I wouldn't use compound because if it is oxidizing, there probably is not any clear and you're going to take off the base (black).  I'd just use a good pro. grade liquid wax like Midnight Special by Production.  It will bring back the shine, but it will be temporary, only permanent fix is repainting.Buff off the top layer of clear coat, ive seen it done on a black car, came out shiny.
If it hasn't been replaced in a while, say in the past year or two, check out the fuel filter.Fuel Filter, Cataltyic Converter, Air Filter, Spark Plugs Fouled, Try doing a tune-up. Especially if there hasn't been one since 1995Ford 4 bangers are notorious about detonation.  If it sounds like a popcorn popper under your hood under acceleration or climbing a hill thats your problem. Try running premium.okay could be several things that I know of...first does the car idle strange? does it "bog" down when you take off? lots of things that I would like to know but i can tell you its probably an exhaust leak in your pipe.....let your car cool off, start at the manifold..thats where the spark plugs are if you didnt know and check your exhaust pipes..if you dont find a hole, it may be your convertor stopped up...you need to get it checked out and I dont think its that expensive..local muffler shop can tell you exactly what it is..you could have a fuel pump problem if your are "bogging" down when you take off, or could be spark plug/wires..lots of things makes your car "sputter"
Enzo becuz only 400 of them is made worldwide.. they cost about 1.3million and it's freakin fast . i think it's 800hp or 1000hp not sure. i'm fine with either one.. . some rich stupid bastard guy from Cal crashed one of these precious thing about 2months ago.SO HARD TO DECIDE. . Probably Saleen S7. . Go to desktopmachine.com for lots of cool car backrounds. . . I love the yellow Saleen in front of the mansionthat car is awesome! i like the aston martin db9 or a bentley continentalBMW m3My dream car is the Bugatti Veyron.  the Fastest street legal car in the PLANET.  it has 1001 HP and damn is it fast.  comfortable, sleek, smooth. it fits your needs.Mine is the Bugatti Veryon that does 253 mph!!!mmmmmm lets see im not greedy so will settle for;. 1975 911 Porsche but must be carby model.
It mans that your brake pads wore to the p[oint that the friction material is all gone, and now its the metal backing plates that are dragging on your rotors. You'll need new brake pads and your rotors turned, if not replaced. "turned" is a fancy way of saying that they will be put on a machine that levels them out and rids the surface of any irregularities.... . Look to spend $300 to $500 depending on what type of car you drive.You need new brake pads and probably new rotors.  Good job.you need brembo brakes to stop chingonthat means your rotars and pads are worn too far down. You'll need to get them replaced. They usually last about 40 thousand miles. Its pretty routine.it is time to replace themIt probably means your pads or discs are gone; it has worn down to almost the metal backing. If only the metal backing is touching the rotors you will get a high pitched screeching sound and not a grinding sound. Lesser possibility is warped rotors but that would usually be accompanied by vibrations or shudders when you apply the brakes; skimming may help. Least possible would be the caliper pistons are jammed or not moving smoothly. Would suggest checking in that order. Hopes it helps.
what do you want to change it to? a lion?unscrew it - un plug it - replace it - re-screw it - and plug her back in!Go to autozone.com and follow the steps to your particular car.  They will walk you through all the steps one by one.  You can do this...it ain't a big deal.  Just make sure you get the belt the right tension...about 1/2 inch of playwhen you push down on it.  If you get a new belt, remember to tighten it up a few days later as the new belt will stretch.
you slide the shifter down to the manual mode and usually pulling it is up shift and pushing is down shift. no clutching needed just let off of the gas when you shift, usually will down shift on its own if you are slowing down if you wantdon't you just move the gear shifter over the the right to the manual side and either click it up and down to shift then??
Look around you. Everything you see is an indication of our oil-based lifestyle. The first thing that comes to mind is the Americans self-image based on the auto. I am as guilty, if not more so, than anyone else. . But it's really because of our culture. Back in the early 40s and 50s, the car started becoming an icon of either status or rebelliousness. It shares our view of ourselves, because Americans have always been more self-reliable and into our own image than most people of other countries. Just think, people in some countries are just trying to survive! . And that's just ONE of the reasons we're dependent on oil. But we need to find some alternative fuel sources. We CAN, we just haven't been trying hard enough. And when we do, I believe we can find something as powerful if not more powerful than the fuel we have now. We may even get better gas mileage and power out of it.Because the government is making to much off of reg oil.. I saw a TV commercial were they say we can no use corn..the same corn u eat..You have lots of options. Hybrid cars, smaller vehicles, diesel cars get good mileage. Try living closer to work. Walking or riding a bike/scooter. . The only reason gas is so expensive is because we buy so much of it.Under the Clinton/Gore Administration, the EPA-OBD II Law was Quietly Passed.All U.S. Vehicles from 1996 to the Present are Required to Run at 14.7 Parts of Air to 1 Part of Fuel. Any Deviation from that, and the Vehicle will Fail Inspection, and be Illegal to Drive. Even if Fuel Economy is Improved, and Emissions are Lowered, it is a Violation of Law because the Vehicle is not Emitting Enough Pollution! This is Insane! I've come up with a way to Convert Regular Pump Gasoline into Propane. My System is very Compact, Safe, and uses Low Pressure Air to change Liquid Fuel into a Vapor that is then at 100 Parts of Air to 1 Part of Fuel, essentially Propane.With this Setup, any Vehicle, even the Largest SUV could get at least 50 MPG, and Emit a Fraction of the Pollution as it "Normally" would. I'm not the First, only the Latest. I've been to the U.S. Patent Office, and Checked Out other Vapor Systems that have been kept off the Market. So, for this, don't even go there! Case in Point, the Pogue Carburetor is on File at the Patent Office as having Achieved over 100 MPG with a Flat-Head Ford V-8 that, at Best got 15 MPG! Engines Run on Vapor, not Liquid, which 14.7 to 1 is, Comparatively Speaking! If this is Wrong, then how is it that Engines do Run on Propane? To do so, by Conventional Means, requires the use of a Large,Cumbersome, Expensive Tank Cylinder which must be hauled with the Vehicle.Expensive Fuel Metering Equipment, and the added Hassle of Specialized Refilling of the Tank. So much Hassle that it's just not worth it, even with Gas going to $3.OO per Gallon! See, on a Molecular Level, all Petroleum is essentially the same, only the Dispersal is Altered. This has been kept so very Quiet! Take a Look at an Engine Apart with at least 50,000 Miles on it, in the Combustion Chamber, and Cylinder Head. You'll see Lots of Black Carbon. A Propane Powered Engine can go Hundreds of Thousands of Miles, and remain Relatively Clean. It's all about the Dispersal of the Fuel. Vapor, Versus a Raw, Atomized Fuel Sprayed with a Fuel Injector. But, that's the Law, "Because It's Good For The Children"! Please! Don't Blame President Bush for that! If that Stupid OBD-II Law could be Changed, We could End Our Dependency on Imported Oil, Lower Air Pollution, and Decrease Global Warming. But Guess What? It Ain't Gonna Happen! Hybirds aren't the Answer,either. At Highway Speed, the 14.7 to 1 Gas Engine Kicks in, Plus the Heavy,and very Expensive Batteries have to be Hauled around! Cheap, Safe Hydrogen is the Clear Answer. I Think it's Possible to use My Vapor System as a Start Toward that Goal, by turning Water to Vapor. But I can't Afford to do the Research. As long as there's such Tremendous Profit in Big Oil, nothing, including the OBD II Law will ever Change.Check out this website.It's a Couple of Years Old, but tells it all the more, http://energy21.freeservers.com/bookrep.html Existing Gasoline could be Our Alternate Fuel, at 100 to 1, but......Thanks for Asking, though. That's what Q & A is all about!Because the oil companies have puppets in our government (the current administration). They want to make as much money as they can by any means necessary, whether it be the invasion of a foreign country under the guise of "Democracy", or the suppression of funding for alternate fuel sources.i wish i could answer thatthere are alternative fuels. some cars run off of vegitable oil. but its the man triing to keep us down.
South African Airlink is an airline based in South Africa. It is privately owned and has developed into South Africa's first feeder network aimed at linking the smaller towns, regional centers and hubs throughout South Africa. It is part of an alliance with South African Airways and South African Express.an intercontinental airways company which serves Africa (mostly southern Africa) which was Midlands Aviation until 1967 when joined with Lowveld Aviation Services, Magnum Airways, Border Air, Citi Air and Link Airways to form South African Airlink. It is now affiliated with South African Airways, and hopes to develop closer links in October 2006.
A vice grip and ,or 2 line wrenches. oh, and lots of wd-40.use the sledge!ZEP makes a penetrating oil spray called twister. Try spraying the connectors with that to free them. Another good product is Mopar penetrating oil, only available at the dealer!
On older cars, there is a non rubber hose about 2.5" diameter that runs from the exhaust manifold up to the air filter housing snorkel. Inside the snorkel, there is a thermostat valve that directs warm air off the manifold to the intake until the engine is warmed up. This valve will have a vacuum hose connected to it.its in the breather usually it looks like a piece of wire with diode in it some r on the rubber or plastic hose that brings in the air after the air boxTRY TO FIND A "CHILTONS MANUAL" ON THE CAR. THOSE BOOKS ARE VERY INFORMATIVE. YOU CAN PROBABLY FIND ONE AT THE LIBRARY. . . . . . . . . . . . 'its right next to your muffler bearings   lol   i dont think you have the right name for this
pull the roll pin out of itThere is a little pin in the factory knob on the front of the knob about in the middle of it u will need a screwdriver to get behind the pin and slide it out. once the pin is out the knob will slide right off.
It called that for the rush of people getting off of work or school (6:30 - 9:30 AM and 3:30 - 6:30 PM).  It is the rush of people trying to get home or somewhere at the same time.. . If you work 10 - 7 daily, you are blessed!everybody is in a rush to get to/away from work.Because everyone is in a rush to get away from work.BECAUSE EVERYONE IS ALWAYS IN A RUSH 2 GET TO WHERE THEY GOTTA GO DUHbecause a lot of people go in same direction at the same time, and the freeway is not wide enoughBecause everyone is in a rush to get home and get on the road at same time so they can't.. . And why do they call it a driveway when you park on it?. Why do they call it a parkway when you drive on it?GOOD QUESTION!Because there is a lot of rush on the roads.everyone is in a rush to get somewhereBecause there's a rush of people, rushing to get home. Just like when a lot of people hit the ice cream shop on a 100 degree day, you could say there's a huge ice cream rush! Just means there's a lot of people.Why do they call them apartments when they're so close together?. . Why do they call it a driveway when you park in it?. . The world may never know.People get a head rush from the exhaustbecause everybody rushes on to the highways in a rush to get home.I think that its called rush hour because everyone is rushing to get home.
took a horse carriage and put an engine in it. . . thus...horseless carriageThe original "idea" came from a toy maker in Germanythey had an idea for something new and radical!So George Bush and the Bin-Ladens could make more money with oil!!!!! It's a conspiracy I tell ya! I'd rather go back to horses than to make a horse's butt rich!! Ooops...sorry I am Christian and my tongue got the best of me. Have a great day!The car was not an invention, it was the culmination of a lot of ideas put together. Then someone named Ford decided to build lots of cars which eventually got us into the present day mess. Cars however caused Freeways to be invented. Cars are also responsible for backseat Drivers
computer chip or chips would help alot,but all this depends on what you would like to do for your car are you going to race or street race it or drag race with it ,myself i would contact summit racing at www.summitracing.com and then call them and get there opinion on what you want to do with your car.Depends on if ya want a temperary power or if ya want 24/7 power. For a temp. power, try using nos or racing fuel. And for a 24/7 and depending on how much more power you want try anyone of these: supercharger/turbocharger (duel or single setup), bigger exhaust (duel setup if possible), upgrade your air intake, and use a bigger carberator (duel if you want more power).Hyperchip would be the easiest...Supercharge it.It really depends on how much you want to spend. Assuming the car is basically stock, a free flowing exhaust and cold air intake would be the best place to start. SLP has some a list products for this, or you could do it yourself depending on your skill level. Next step would be a new chip. Which in that car is actually a re programmer that plugs into the diagnostic port. From there the list is endless. Like I said it all depends on how much you are willing to spend. But as a start anything you can do get air into and out of the motor easier will provide the biggest benefit and make power adders like nitrous and supercharging more effective later on.
ON A 90 IT IS 1 OF THE BOTTOM 2 LEFT SIDE OF THE FUSE BOXNo fuse. The injection computer controlled and the ECM has a fuse. You might have a bad fuel pump and that has a fuse.go to your local library and look at the reference area of the automotive section they have just about every book on auto repair you can think of..then take the book to the copy machine and make a copy of the page with the diagram on it so you have it for future use.... Good Luck. have fun
most neighborhoods are eligible to apply for the humps, speed tables (the longer, wider humps) or traffic circles. The only requirements are that 60 percent of neighborhood residents sign a petition supporting the move, it won't impede public safety agencies, and residents come up with the money for the devices. The city does not pay for them.. . Informative article belowall the speed bumps in world. can't change the neighborhood. your better off movingcontact the city office, most likely u'll have to get a petition and ur neighbors wiill have to sign itBefore you go to all that trouble it sometimes works to just call the mayor and ask. Point out that you voted for him. :)A few hundred feet of garden hose. A wheelbarrow. A shovel. A few bags of quick set crete mix with rock. and wallah start mix-n and dump-nGet a Petition going and contact your City Councillor. You may get the same answer as most on Speed Bumps, If the Fire Department were to incounter a speed bump on their way to a call their against them and for that reason unless it was a closed court yard off a main street.  Good Luck
take the old ones off and put the new ones on.Like the actual removal and installation of the old & new? Or how to figure out which wheels will work?
fixing whats wrong with it will help.the abs light by itself is not a problem,it just means the abs won't work,but the brake light coming on means there is something wrong with the basic brake system and you might not have brakes one fine morning.i would recomend rather than pulling the fuse, install a switch that can be bought at any autoparts store, but finding which fuse wire to switch will probably require some research, ive seen it done on a bmw, but i havent seen it anywhere else.Replace your abs switch it is probably bad. it should only take a few minutes to replace and it doesn't cost more than maybe 20 dollarsPull the fuse.if those light are on it means something isn't working right aand you should get it checked out as soon as possible.lolz .... by getting the abs and brake lights checked .... . . considering thats its both together u have a serious problem or no problem at all ......... need to check with the dealer
In the US, freeways tend to have the on and off ramps on the right.  The faster cars should have the burden of changing lanes.. . Plus, as you get passed, it is easier to see a car passing you on the left than it is on the right (supposedly)becuase most of the time if someone if turning they are going to be turning right,(into a driveway/ business etc.) so it make sense for the "thru" traffic to use the left lanewho told you, many countries have left lane slow one.Thats were on off ramps are.The right lane is the slow lane in certain countries because that is the side of the highway from which slower cars enter traffic. In countries where the left lane is the slow lane, slower traffic enters from the left side.  Statistically, despite the fact that slow lanes exist, three lane highways have consistently proven the middle lane to be the safest (in USA).  This has, in part, to do with the mathematics that govern probability because when faced with a problem, a driver in the middle lane has more directional options to avoid an oncoming accident than a driver in either the right or left lanes.  Statistically, numbers of accidents also increase when the numbers of lanes go beyond three, though it otherwise tends to alleviate traffic jams due to volume.It's not in many countriesits not slow here where i come from.... mus b peak hrs evrytime there for u to say tt... lol...who knows.........Depends on the country: . . In UK, Ireland, most of Africa, India, Pakistan, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Singapore, Malaysia, Borneo, Thailand, Hong Kong, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, the Caribbean nations, Falkland Islands and a bunch of other places too, the left lane is the slow lane.
You might want to check out AID (agency for international development) or WHO (World Health Organization). . Either might have a driving program..or assistance for one. I am not sure. Safety in the US is sometimes treated like a health issue. That is where I would start.. . Good LuckI am afraid your dream will not come true easily.  Good luck.
numbers and a T. . maybe its a model number or something. . give us some more details.2024 T3 ALCLAD ALUMINUM COIL
In Europe, I believe rear turn signals are required to be amber.. In the U.S. it's optional (red or amber).I don't know.They are supposed to be amber in the fromt and red in the rear.Wow, zman...good question.. . I've often wondered the same thing myself but not "loud" enough to be able to have the presence of mind to ask anyone.. . Nice.. Here's some information:. . ".... The basic Federal motor vehicle safety lighting regulation is 49 CFR 571.108 Standard No. 108, Lamps, Reflective Devices and Associated Equipment. Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard No. 108 applies to both original and replacement lighting equipment. Title 49 U.S.C. 30115 and Standard No. 108 require that all lighting equipment that is intended to replace original lighting equipment be certified as complying with Standard No. 108.. . Table I of Standard No. 108 (applicable to trucks, multipurpose passenger vehicles and buses whose overall width is 60 inches or more) and Table III (applicable to motor vehicles whose overall width is less than 60 inches) require front parking lamps to be white or amber, and front turn signal lamps and front side marker lamps and reflectors to be amber, and all rear and rear side lamps and reflectors to be red, (except that amber is permitted as an optional rear turn signal lamp color, and white is required for backup lamps). The colors themselves must meet the requirements of SAE Standard J578c, Color Specification for Electrical Signal Lighting Devices, February 1977. The colors amber and red may be produced by either a white bulb and amber or red inner or outer lens, or by an amber or red bulb and a colorless or clear lens.. ...". . So, it's optional, red or amber.  I find it annoying too though, especially when it's night and raining--very annoying.. . The .gov link will let you download the .pdf of the actual law that they're all following.Hoesntly i don't liek the look of amber lights in teh rear, but the more i drive the more i like them.  An amber turn signal sticks out way better then a flashign red light, check it out next time you are driving, it shoudl register better, I think we just know to associate amber with rutning signals, and when we see red, it takes that extra second to figure out if they are stopping of turning.Red is brake lights, and amber is hazard lights.some manufacturers will use a amber square in the rear, just to annoy us.... they like to annoy us...By law vehicles should only have white or amber turn signals in the front.  In the back it is up to the Manufacturer's discretion on making the rear turn signals red or amber.  I feel it is a safety issue to have amber on the back because it is easier to see at night.
Your multi-function alarm module is the chime noise you hear when the door is open, lights are left on, your low fuel light coming on, etc. This is a very simple part to change and I recommend it works, for it tells you if their is a problem.I`ve come across these on some cars and buses I have worked on. This module picks up faults on the vehicle and will alert the driver IE warning lights, buzzers.
I think you measure from 2 holes while skipping hole, say like from hole #1 to hole #3. The reading in inches can help you select wheels. Not sure on thisMeasure from the outside of one lug to the inside lug across from it. (One of the two.)The best answer(s) I can give:. . -Trial and error.. -Bring your rims [of choice] to someone who sells what you're looking for and have them fix you up with what you want.. . That's all I have.. . Good luck with it though!. And I hope this helped some!. . Sarah.
Clutch master cylinder is on driver side. If you can found barke master cylinder then clutch master cylinder is next to that and smaller than brake master cylinder.. You have to blead it only if it runs dry if it's on lower position just add some fluid.If its completely empty you bleed it,or if it feeels spongy after you add fluid.You fill it right by the master brake cylinder.(on drivers side)If you have to bleed it have your friend pump the clutch and hold the pedal down while you loosen a bleeder valve by the (its called a slave cylinder) by your clutch under the vehicle by the drivers side.
I heard once a rumor that they used red paint so the painters wouldn't steel it and use it to paint their own homes.  Same reason post boxes and telephone boxes were.. . I know for a fact that many councils picked strange colors for lamp posts for this reason.they looked awful in other colours.In the daytime, red is the easiest color to see.  At nighttime, blue is the easiest color to see.  This is why police lights have both red and blue-- so they can be seen easily in day or night conditions.  I'm assuming buses in the UK are red so they can be seen easily during the day.because they want people to STOP for the bus.  Red is a color that is associated with stopping.why are our cabs and school busses yellow?like wat they said. its the nations colorWhy not?part of their flag color. also it's easy to spot.
This is a joke that so-called mechanics use on novices.  Ever heard of blinker fluid?It's kind of like blinker fluid.  . . FAKE!Kind of similar to a carburetor beltActually, mercedes DO have muffler bearings, it is there way of stabilizing the exhaust system. The Germans killed the joke!!!use too be headlight gaskets too,lol, but the new bulbs have the rubber o-ring wich acts as a gasket,Beleve it or not Muffler Bearings were a real item used on the exaust systems of Duesenbergs in the 1920's and 30" the bearings were available a few years ago through LNS Bearings.actually their is a muffler bearing on mercedes  but the joke use to be a muffler bearing was located on the imput shaft of the kanutin valve. but the muffler bearing is on the impeller shaft inside the muffler one on each end  non replaceable.
The most common problem in auto A/C is that the car is low on freon.  However, freon is now a highly regulated substance and you need a license to purchase it.  Adding it is not that difficult but buying it is.stuck is not quite right.  it shouldn't take you 20 minutes to charge the system, 10 minutes or less is all it should take.. . the rest of the post is right.  get a chilton repair manual from any car parts store for your car.  it'll tell you how to do just about anything.You DON'T fix it without the proper tools and equipment. Take it to a Radiator/AC shop.Car nowadays don't use Freon, They use R-134a.  You can buy the test kit and the R-134a at your local Do-it-Yourself auto parts store, most kits also include pictures on how to test them yourself.  I learned how to do it a while ago and save my self about 100 dollars, that's what the shop was going to charge me to test and refill the system.  The kit only cost me about 15 bucks and took about 20 minutes to fix.  Try that first, it will most likely fix the problem.  Take care.. P.S. I bet the guys who are telling you it's impossible are mechanics, I dont use mechanics for anything, the majority of them are theives and will charge you crazy amounts of money on things that my litter sister can fix with a screwdriver and an auto-repair manual.  You should invest in that to. Oh, and get the kit with the gauge, so you know how much you are putting in.the refills are ok if you know what youre doing. if you dont there is a risk of serious injury which they forgot to mention. you also have no way of telling exactly how much r134a youre putting in. so you could overfill the system. a/c systems are meant to be filled within an ounce of its total capacity to work properly. so the store bought remedies may be less expensive and more convenient but in the long run it will only cause more problems
It would be too hard to insulate them. The cold air would go in in the winter and out in the summer.for one, your being stupid. 2- they quit making cars with suicide doors for a reason.Hinges on both sides would cause doors not to openYes, they do only when you have double doors!Yeah, what the people above said.. . Are you STUPID?umm, if there were hinges on both sides, how would the door open? it would be fused shut
The biggest problem with high rpm's & Ford big blocks is valve float. You're gonna need some heavy duty valve springs. If you have a stock camshaft, go with a kit that has a good medium range cam, with heavy springs and lifters. Ford has an off road parts book with the numbers you need, or a good after-market kit, like Iskaderan.Get yor're crankshaft precision balenced (or buy one that already is), use lighter oil, better bearings (all of them), better cooling, "shorter" piston heads (racing heads), better rings, more durrable vavle springs, precision cam... if you want more power on the top end, you could add a turbo (fairly easy to do), but that's pricey, but then again, most of the other things I mentioned are... but since it's only doing 5K, it probably is due for a rebuild.it doesn't matter what you do to the engine you still have a red line limiter. you can have 500 hp and still red line at 5 grand. if you want a higher topend depending if you have a manual or an automatic, you can either change the gear ratios (for a manual) in the transmission. or i would go to changing the rearend gear ratio. a good common gear is a 3.73 or a 4.10.injected? or carby? i'd be guessin carby....righto...electronic ignition or not? if it doesnt have electronic ignition ur safe as houses...pull the carby off...go and buy urself a carby spacer...slip that on between the carby and intake manifold. PS: try reconditioning ur engine...V8's specially big blocks are ment to do at least 6 grand if not 7 grand outta the box....
make sure you have the right key first of all.not trying to be smart,just seen it happen before,then make sure the shift lever is in park.then wiggle the steering wheel back and forth as you try and turn the key.if all else fails,then you need to tear down the steering coluum and replace the cylinder.get a haynes or chilton for your vehicle and it will show you how to do that.pull the pins out so that anything will start the car.First I would have to know what kind of vehicle you have? Most of the time you will have to remove the steering wheel and replace the lock cylinder.
Normally you just tie the blades down to the gear with ropes. There are hard points in which to tie the A/C to the ground but it would take a pretty good wind to get to that point or if the A/C is on a ship you would tie it to the deckwith ropes and tie down anchors.
For any vehicle, make it more efficient.. . Improve exhuast and intake flow is the cheapest per horse gained...IE headers, high flow cat, high flow exhuast, and a cold air intake. After that, then comes intake manifolds, cams, computer systems, then turbos, nitrous, and all the other crap you can buy.. . Whatever you do, research, and match components to expected RPM range.buy american you job costing sob
Checkout the buyers guide at lancerregister.com http://www.lancerregister.com/art_evobuyersguide.php .Well there is the standard evo 6 and the tme version as u say which is a tribute to tommy makkinen who is a world rally champion who took mitusibishi to many of their wrc wins. i believe it has a slightly more tweaked engine and others plus new additions in terms of the paint and interior, only a few were made as it was a special edition. it is also known as the evo 6.5.
Homologation (from the verb homologate, meaning to approve or confirm officially) is the certification of a product or specification to indicate that it meets regulatory standards. There are companies that specialize in helping manufacturers achieve regulatory compliance. Their services might include the explanation and interpretation of standards and specifications, assistance in plant facility audit and approval, testing and certification of materials, product design consulting, and translation of manuals, legal mandates and other written material.TRANSITIVE VERB: To approve, especially to confirm officially. homologation, homologated, homologating, homologates
It is possible ro spray paint plastic but you will need to purchase a special kind of plastic paint. Talk to the paint department like at lowes or home depot. They will give you the tips and any other info you may need.Sand the surface lightly, and the paint should hold.You should put primer on it let it set for a bit then spay a even cote, a couple minutes latter spray it again. it will probably cost less than that Krylon stuffKrylon makes a special spray paint for plastic.i think there is a special pait 4 painting plastic stuff i seen it on tv ummm 3m maby
Valve cover gaskets were a common source of oil leaks onto the exhaust manifolds of older American cars and would produce the smoke you describe. If you truly have a "carburetor", it sounds like that's your problem.If the oil is dripping onto the hot engine, while driving the air my blow the smoke away.. Call the "Car Talk" bothers on PBS radio Saturday mornings. They do good work and the humor grows on you.Duh!!! Maybe you've thrashed the cr#p out of it.. Always treat a car like you would treat a woman.. If you want to get more out of it, treat it gently.cause its a piece of s**ttime to get a new car!If the gasket needs to be replaced this could be the problem.  When are on the interstate it may be that the speed you are going at causes the smoke to dissipate faster because of your speed.because when you're car is moving or the engine is running, air is forced over the engine, blowing the smoke away. when you're still, it collects and you can see it coming from under the hood.
If your town has an Autozone parts shop you can go in and have them use their OBD 2 reader to reset the check engine light. If the problem wasn't fixed though it will just turn on again later. You can also buy an OBD 2 reader for about 100 dollars.Try disconnecting the POSITIVE battery cable for a few minutes and the check engine light should go off..  If it comes back on take it to a dealer as the scanners that a private mechanic will only tell you what caused the problem and you need to know what set it off and all the mechanic can do is replace parts until they find which one is bad sorta trial and error and educated guesswork while you are paying for stuff that you don't need The most common fault is "heated o2 sensor detected a too lean mixture" the mechanic will probably want to change the Oxygen sensor but which one? Most modern engines have 2 for each exhaust manifold That's 4 O2 sensors on a V-6 or V-8.That can add up pretty fast..  If the light stays off then it was probably a bad tank of fuel so I would recommend that you find another place to get your fuel.You might try disconnecting the battery then reconnecting it.Autozone will do it for free.  You can disconnect your battery for at least 30 seconds.  This is like rebooting a computer.  It actually erases the store trouble codes from memory.  If there is an actual trouble, the light will come back on.get your car checked out and fix whatever is wrong. duh.Assuming there is no problem, disconnect the battery. Reconnect it after atleast 3 minutes, so the computer has time to clear out. If the light comes back on, you got a problem. You can bend a paperclip into a 'U' shape, and insert it into the bottom right two holes on the diagnostic hook-up. This will make your check engine light flash. Each series of flash is a part of the code to what is wrong with your vehicle. Then, look up the code in a Chilton's or Hayes Vehicle Book (specific to your vehicle, of course) to reference the problem. This takes time, but costs you absolutely nothing, which is a price I love to pay.one of two things....get it checked, and they will charge $40 just to turn off light or deal with the light.Get your oil checked and push the reset button.You can go to any auto zone place and they have a diognostic thing they can hook up to tell you why light is coming on. Alot of times and this may sound dumb but if your gas cap isn't on tight enough it causes check engine light to come on. This happened to me and thats what I did.........Take it to Autozone and have them do a diagnostic on the computer.  They will tell you what to fix (most of the time) and its free.
carbon deposits rob the engine of horsepower and torque, also dirty fuel injectors and carburators, as well as fuel lines........ . Have it professionally machined, maybe cost $100......makes a world of difference!!...GL;). . Yes, I'm a girl...lola sleeve will have no affect on the engine. i built a 350 with a sleeve and it turns out 600hp with no problems. and that was like 3years ago. you should have no trouble as long as you do it rightIf I understand correctly the buildup is in the cylinder. If you have anything but a perfect surface for the piston rings to pass you will lose compression and destroy your rings, but I don't know how you would ever get carbon buildup there? If you are referring to rust then you will need to check the cylinder for egg shaping, and then decide whether to bore and hone or if you could get by with just a hone and new rings.
You will ned to remove the gas tank and pull the fuel pump out. The filter is attached to it. So the only thing I can say is if it aint broke dont fix it LOL.I don't know this exact model.But all manufacturers are using pumps in the tank.This is more efficient.And the filter is to protect your components.Such as your pump.So I'd say drop the tank and you'll locate the filter.Chevy's are attached to the pump.Loosen a couple of screws and the pump and filter come out.. . . Good luck
yeah sound like you need to go to www.autozone.com/Hey you keep on using your car like that it will start throwing fireballs out of the Carb. That could turn ugly in seconds. Take the Carb off and get it fixed at a Carb Shop. Carb=carburatorNeedle and seat valve stuck open and/or float misadjusted.  If you know anything about carbs, you know how to fix this.  If not, seek help.IM TELLING YOU......NEVER EVER EVER EVER USE AUTOZONE!!!! THEY SELL CHEAP PARTS, THEIR EMPLOYEES KNOW JACK SHIT, AND THEY SUCK AT CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!!
Post traumatic stress syndrome from rear ending someone before. Can they see over the steering wheel?One of the reasons is like myself i was rear ended at a stop light & the guy shoved me right into the car in front of me` but being the guy that hit me was speeding because he was late for work he was`nt charged ,he jumped out & stated directing traffick, after all he was a parimedic & thank god no one was hurt but my premium did go up so now i give plenty of room between me & the car in front of me stoped or not.you are supposed to stop behind the car where you can see the bottom of their back tires...maybe they are short and can't see that well, and also if you are rear-ended you won't be pushed into the car in-front of you, causing more damage, and raising your insurance rates, that is considered tailgatingguess they have no idea that there are other car users on the roadThe extra space allows you to go around the car in front of you without backing up if they can't move for some reason.  It also keeps you from rear ending them if you get hit from behind.cuz yu never know if the driver infront of you is stupid enough to go revers on youBecause you never know when a new 16 year old driver is in front of you driving a stick and hasn't quite gotten the hang of it yet.i ask myself the same question everyday to work. must be distracted morons i guess. my advice is to honk and make like if you are viewing behind you trying to see who honked. just watch out for the pigs.
just go talk to your departmen of motor vehicles or whatever you call it over there, they are probably the ones that give the test so they will tell you what to study. In the US the department of motor vehicles gives you a free study guide.Personally I wouldn't bother as I did it and it involves long hours and very low pay, but if you really want to get in touch with BSM. steer well clear of most of the other companies who claim they will teach you to become a driving instructor, they are rip off merchants. I speak from bitter experience.. Just to warn you, if you do qualify, most driving schools provide a car and clients, but for this they will charge you a fee which means you end up working for about 1/2 a week for free. Good luck!!!!!
AVIATION FUEL...avgas...NO SMOKING PLEASE!!!NitroIt's not horsepower, but you can shed some weight out of the car.http://billhughes.com/mirror/50FreeHP.htm try this site...looks like it will cost you a can of coffee.Not gonna happen!  $600 will get you a NX wet system, but $200... hang it up man.Don't think it will give you 50hp but underdrive pullies make a big difference.
I am not sure this car even has the power to rotate 17"  wheels.  Do not forget, it you get bigger wheels you HAVE TO get bigger brakes.  This is the most common mistake.with a headache i reckon!ive got a fezzy mk4 and my advice would be dont bother i mean whats the point?put a set of 14 inch four spoke ford factory wheels on it!putting 17's on it is just gonna bring you more trouble than its worth first youll have to have your speedo calibrated to your larger wheels and you will find the acceleration will be greatly reduced as well as never being able to drive over a speed bump again and never doing a three point turn!trust me i had a set of 15's five spoke wheels which i then swapped for the four spoke fezzy wheels!it looks silly people will point and laugh save your money and put it towards a car that is designed to run with 17in wheels!it's a fiesta for gods sake...what are you thinking..? it would be like putting tractor wheels on a Nissan micra...don't do it.Ignore all the American twats mate. Just make sure you get the correct offset for your car and then I would recommend going to a bodyshop that can properly roll your arches and get them rolled so the wheels don't rub.you dont, its a ford fiesta dudeFirst of all 17's arent even that big and second what the hell is a ford fiesta? And usually you will jus have to cut out the fender wells to make room, but that isn't the best idea usually if the wheels dont fit then dont put them on!!
go to the dealeropen the hood,unscrew the signal light assembly, pull it out, turn and pull the wiring where bulb connected , replace the bulb and do reverse procedure. if in doubt, technical manual mazda 626From the inside of your trunk you have to move the wing nuts and take the lense out.if its back its easy, if its the front have fun...you have to either take the whole bumper off, or take that side wheel well out to get to it theres no other way to do it, but thats the way mazda does things
Dirty airfilter, dirty oil, clogged exhaust pipe baffle, low tire pressure. . Any decent 125 should be giving you at least 50-70 mpgCould be a brake line that is clogged causing your brakes to constantly touch the rotors...put it on a lift or jack it up and see if the wheels will spin freely, if not, try getting new brake lines.  . . To find out what the resale value is, click here:. http://www.kbb.com/kb/ki.dll/ke.kb.sz?kbb&&&zip;5419;mc. then put in your zip codeYou need a new bike, sh1thead.try and get your oil changed....might helptry getting the oil changed an dthe pistons checked for any scraatches or places for expected fuel deposits and get it serviced by some good mechanicdirty air filter, dirty fuel filter, bad plugs, plus you have to keep in mind the power to weight ratio. if your a big feller you need a few more ci's to pull you around then say a small person would.
Warning/Caution, possible hazards on or near the roadway.. . They aren't usually permanent signs and you'll see them around construction areas and the such.It's there for the graffiti artists to practice on.Somebody came along and removed the words...well we don't have blank orange road signs in south africa so i wouldn't know:)  but possibly it's some kind of yeilding sign.that the letters fell offslow down
because they only have one driver who knows the waywhen you want one no chance. and then they always come in 3. its a thing they seem to do.whoever compiles the timetables sucks!coz the drivers are all round the corner chatting and having a cuppa togetherto be annoying.  Usually its the third bus you wnat and by the time you see what it says its passing you by!
duct tape.www.softseal.com  . They make the seal you need.. Also  www.mamotorworks.comThe best thing you can do is stop at your local auto parts store and get the same size weather strip.the old should just peel right off an the new slide. but check it comes in different sizes an lengthsYou may not be able to replace the gaskets, so u might wish to get stuff which makes the rubber more supple and seals better. Aks for sometiing at the auto supply store. then just use a bucket of clean water dumped on it to test, much better than rain or hoseImpossible. They were made to leak. Duct tape sounds good or silicone caulk.replace the weather strippingWelding always works for me.
Well, the steering wheel isn't always round.  You may recall that Chrylser used rectangular steering wheels in some of their cars in the 60s.  Sorry to contradict you, ILL-NA-NA.For driving a car, the safest shape for a steering apparatus is a wheel. Because of a car's ability to steer in a complete circle, a wheel is the easiest and most functional way to do that. A rectangle or flat bar would be difficult and unwieldy for steering an automobile.Because otherwise it would be a steering rectangle. . Lol, thanks for the pointscoz its called wheel!
You place the dry ice or ice cube on the dent and hold it there with a washcloth (or whatever type of cloth) over it and it "should" pop out. I have tried it, but it didn't work for me. You should try paintless dent removal-it's pretty cheap.You can't.  You need to take it to a body shop.i have no clue, but I can give you this:  On a hot day place an ice cube on the dent and it will pop back out.
you could go and mount a turbo charger on your motor, or change the motor with a more powerful one.Start with bolt on accessories like a complete K&N Intake system. Then Exhaust and headers.  Those might be your simplest.  Then do what the other guy said.. Get a hypertech computer to unlock the hidden HP's.there are many ways. . BHP is measured at the flywheel realistically, it can be measured at the wheels but is in-accurate.. . You can :. . modify engine management. . changing breather pipes, adjusting carbs - injectors, air flow intake management - exhaust mods, engine part weight loss...etc etc. this includes any form of alterations to computer management if it exists.... . You should look for a chevy owners club and seek the groups of people/websites thatshare this same interest.. . Be warned that modifying your car can be dangerous to the engines life time and your car could go bang the second you start it, hence get professional help and advice before you blow it up.Cold-air intake or a Hypertech Programmer.horsepower cost $1500.00 per 100 horse.you do the math.hypertech would be one of the cheapest easiest way to unlock quick hp, just plug and play. if you were to go that way i wouldn't mess with any trans settings, two of my chevy friends did one silverado other s10 xtreme and both are throwing codes, not shifting correctly and other issues, the 4l60 trans in silv. is scrap to begin with and i am not sure off the top of my head is in the s10 but it doesn't seem much better.Try getting a unicorn. Those are pretty rare. They might give u some more power.id put a manifold spacer on k&n filter and a stinger in the fuel punp sport tires shave down the clydeners alot of stuff u can put on
buy a chilton manual from autozone.  it'll tell/show you how to do nearly every repair.Like an OREO..... . Well to do it, you unscrew it!. . You need a big thin wrench to fit the hex, and a special tool to hold the pulley.The tools are the trick, you can use a big hammer and a punch just like you were removing a broken bolt remember righty tighty, but you are looking at it backward.Blow torch?. . Plastic explosives?. . Sledge hammer?. . That's what I'd try.  Good luck!
that black cap on the side of your carburetor can be adjusted it may help but basically replace that cap and the guts.. . make sure theirs voltage applied , that may be the problem. . Nice choice in cars......Drill out the rivots on the cap and replace them with screws that are provided
They just unplug and unscrew, there may be up to four sensors though so make sure to change the right one(s). There is a small tab you push in to unlock the electric connector and they should slide apart. You may need an 02 sensor socket ava at autozone as a lonatool if you cant get a 7/8" wrench on them.Well you said you had 2.5 hrs 3 hours ago but you should also check the connecters you are plugging the new sensors into... '99 and '98 had a problem with the connecters and water,  look for green stuff and the like.  use a little dielct. greese in the new ones.depends on what sensor you wanna replace and also just a note only one sensor may go bad and not more than that. If you have say sensor 1 bank 1 and sensor 1 bank 2 going lean then I would check for a fuel pump going bad or a vacuum leak some where because they both never go out at the same time. Same thing if both banks for sensor 2 codes you really need to check the circuit first to see that there is no problems with it. It just may be an intermittant problem. Clear the light and drive around and see if light comes back on with same codes again. If it does have it diagnose and do not assume that just because you have an O2 code that its a bad O2 sensor. If you have a code for all 4 sensors that never happens so you really need to have diagnose for possible faulty ECM. You replace all 4 sensor and 100% sure the light will return for same thing.
It sounds like the rotors are warped, or the pads are sitting against the rotors at an odd angle.  I would definitely take it to a brake place for a brake inspection.  Most likely, all you will need is to have the rotors turned (smoothed out again) and the brake pads replaced so that they are smooth.  Once both surfaces are smooth again, the shuddering will stop.You need new brakes.Rotor may be bad OR a Tire out of round and needs replaced. Move front tires to back and back to front and drive to see if it changes, this a cheap way to check for a bad Tire. The age of the car, this next part SHOULD NOT be the problem, but, it may not hurt to check, it not cost anything just time. Check your Ball Joints. You may need to jack up each side and take a pry bar under the tire and lift hard like you want to rock the car. Have someone look to see if any ball joints are loose. Then have someone turn the Wheels left/right not much just for pressure and look some more.cracked or worn rotor (brake)Had similar problem on my truck, Replace your front brakes, rotors pads and any hardware, make sure that your calipers are not binding when you take the old pads off and push the piston back in it should move easily if they're not you should replace them.
Follow Lassie.Mapquest.comuse a gps unitwalkTurn right at the stop sign...After a mile and a half, you'll see a dirt road on the left.  Take that, and when you see the yellow trailer, you'll know you're almost there.  Tim's house is just three doors down...If you get to the quarry, you've gone too far.
they are cool.. bit small for me but its a BMWThey're cool! Ever seen "The Italian Job"? You should! That's my dream car.I don't know.  It truly defies logic.  To pay as much for a sub-compact car as you would for a mid-size car just because it's made by BMW has, however, been a popular undertaking on the part of upper-middle class Americans for some time now.Becuase it is British. Most Americans are influenced by items from the UK. Watch infomercials and you will see people with accent from the UK or even Austrailia.Don't ask us..  Go and drive one.   road registered go kart. 1275cc engine with 4speed in light shell = superquick.    mine did 120mph, sitting so low it felt like 220mph.  wish I had never sold it..It is cute, and gets awesome gas mileage - have you seen the cost of gas lately!!
First off I have to say I am truly sorry... You just purchased one of the WORST scooters on the market. Second it's 25 to 1 while breaking it in and 30 to 1 when broken in using synthetic or just stick with the 25 to 1. If you have a 4 stroke however no mixing necessary( these have yellow colored engines ).most recently made 2-cycle engines use a mix of about 40:1.  For your specific model, check with the dealer
I HAVE NO IDEA but i do know its pretty complicated.If you want to know how you should go to pilot school.The engine provides forward speed moving the wing thru the air.  The shape (cross section)of the wing is such that as the wing moves thru the ar high pressure develops below and lower pressure above the wing and produces lift.  When the high pressure under the wing is great enough the airplane flies.. . The three elements of flight are thrust (the engine); lift (from the wing) and finally drag - air friction etc.Get in and start the engine. Taxi to the runway, get clearance, full throttle, and let the plane rise off the ground seemingly by itself. IT IS EASY AND YOU CAN DO IT!!!!!With your eyes closed!Step 1. Extend arms.. Step 2. Start making engine noises with mouth.. Step 3. Request clearance for take off from nearest person.. Step 4. Make louder engine noises and begin to run.. Step 5. Maintain airspeed until flight becomes tiresome.. Step 6. Request clearance to land from nearest person.. Step 7. Discontinue engine noises.. Step 8. Allow arms to drop to sides.You have to get lesson for that.. Or go to. http://www.littlerotors.com/flyinglessons/. and learn everything on flying toy planes!. Or you can go to http://www.indianpilot.com/becoming_a_pilot.shtml. if you are indianEngines provide thrust. Airflow across the aerofoil shape of the wings causes the aircraft to "lift" and gain height.. . Once airbourne the speed of the aircraft is primarily controlled in three planes - yaw (left and right) by pedals controlling a rudder), pitch (up and down) and roll by moving control surfaces connected to the yoke.. . Helicopters on the other hand use the engine to move the blades creating airflow then lift and the direction is controlled by the direction the rotor disc moves in. Yaw again is provided by pedals - however they speed or slow the tail rotor overcoming or relenting against the aircrafts tendancy to turn in the opposite direction to the main rotor (torque reaction)You take lessons.... It can be very expensive and time consuming but a lot of fun!You sign up for Flying lessons. Then u learn.Very carefully.Flying an airplane can be challenging, but not anywhere near impossible. Essentially you have your controls, (rudder pedals, yoke and throttle). Simply,you steer the plane on the ground with the rudder pedals, you turn in the air with the yoke, and you climb and descend using a combination of pitch and throttle (lower power and lower pitch to descend and vice cersa to climb). There are several manuvers you must learn to become licensed (such as stalls), as well as learning to navigate. This is a very simplified answer but you can get books on it or enter a flight training program to find out more.No1 Tip, push forward on the column, trees get bigger. Pull back on the column, trees get smaller. Pull back too much on the column, trees get bigger again!ask a terrorist.Complex question. For me, flying a plane is nothing more than manipulating the controls to make the plane do what I want it to do. For you, go to a flight school, get training, get certified, then you can do what I do.The sarcastic answer that pilots will give you: "Push forward, pull back". . The honest answer, go to your local airport, it'll likely have  a flight school and talk to a flight instructor.  Go on a "discovery" or "introductory" flight... you'll go up with an instructor for 15-30 minutes and he/she will let you fly the plane for a little bit.  If you like it and feel like it's something you want to do, then you can start taking lessons.. . http://www.beapilot.com lists flight schools and offers introductory flights for $59.  . AOPA also has a list of flight schools: http://www.aopa.org/learntofly/school/index.cfm
In Florida you can go to motor vehicles and pay a small fee if you know the person's name and address or the driver's license number and they will give you a copy of the person's driving record. You can see if they have any ticketsAre you an employer? If yes, then you can ask the applicant to provide a copy of their driving record. It can be retrieved at the DMV. In Illinois there is a small fee for this service.. Additionally you can contact the Secretary of State and inquire with them, you will have to prove that you are an employer that has a valid need to verify potential driver status. . If you work for a transportation company you may also be able to access USIS, also known as DAC Services. They keep driving records of employees in the transportation industry. . If your just looking for yourself, go to DMV and they can help.. If your being nosy, ...well don't be okay.Your best bet is to head to the local police station and ask them if a DL is valid.  I doubt you can get someone else's driving record, though.  That would be quite a privacy issue if that was all public knowledge.
it can either be in a V alignment or inline, it simply means it has 6 cylenders(pistons) for the intake, compression, combustion, and exhaust. 6 cylinder cars are strong, a lot stronger than a 4cyl!! you should be able to tow light trailers.An engine that contains 6 different cylinders for combustion.It actually has 6 cylinders. It is considered a mid sized engine. There are also 4 cylinder and 8 cylinder engines as well. The lower the cylinders amount, the better gas mileage one gets. They are also called V-6 or straight 6 engines. Hopes this helps.What is a car to put it inits usualy found in sports cars and small trucks like a mustang, camaro, trans am, ranger,or s10 just to name a few. it have six cylenders and six spark plugs were as an 8 cyl had 8 spark plugs and a four cyl can eather have 4 spark plugs or 8. they get decent gas milage and they are fairly quick were as an 8 cyl is quicker but it sucks down gas and a 4 cyl is quite the oposite of an 8, 6 is like a happy medium.simply means that it has 6 combustion cylinders. most cars have 4 cylinders but some have 6, some have 8, etc...it can be a V6 (meaning that the cylinders are in a V-shape) or inline.More or less, the size of the eng.  There are three types that are in most common American cars. 4 cyl 6cyl and 8 cyli dont knoIf by what is a 6 cylinder car engine you mean what is a Chevy 6, I have always thought the 250 straight 6 that Chevy had in their 70s cars was one of the best ever.. . For the 1953 see source belowits an engine that contains 6 cylinders inside the engineThe engine in your '53 would be either a 216 or 235 cubic inch engine.  It is a straight 6, meaning that it has all 6 cylinders in a row, as opposed to a V-6, which has two banks of 3 cylinders sharing a common crankshaft and are at an angle from eachother.A car cylinder in an engine is a metal tube inside which a piston moves up and down powered by an explosive mixture such as petrol vapor and air ignited by an electric spark. This makes the crankshaft rotate and ultimately causes the wheels to turn.. . More cylinders allows for a more even spacing of the explosions, so an engine with more cylinders usually runs more smoothly.
its the same car, honda is the japanese name built in japan, and acura is the american name built in america. . but id say there might be a slight difference because of the fuel octane used in the states is different than of Japan, and therfore u get differnt horsepower figures, with Japan having the advantage as they use higher octane fuelAcura is Honda's North Americian Brand. The rest of the world just gets Honda.. So logically there should be no difference apart from the badge and any local design rules.there is no difference.A honda nsx was made only in japan i think while an acura nsx is an american sports car.  I would say both are probably the same except for the badges.Absolutely none.my guess would just be the name. acura is made by honda, so i dont know.i dont think there even IS a honda nsx.. if there is, now i knowThe look and symbol.there's no such thing as a honda nsx..at least not in america, acura a luxury brand manufactured by honda so it's the same.there is alot of things different from the two, mostly the inside
it sounds like the wires might be shorting.  check all the wires and make sure all the wire jacketing is not broken or stripped and none of the wires are touching.  If they are, either splice and remove the broken section of wiring or tape the broken piece with black electrical tape.Bad ground on right turn signalTurn Signal may be a Burned out bulb, turn it on and look front and back. Sometimes the Good Bulb Lights just does not flash, so it the one not lighting. IF that not work you have to take them out and look.. The Auto Light. Make sure it turned on, most have a switch for Manuel and automatic. IF it not that check for a Blown Fuse. IF, it not that, the timer is bad and will need replaced. Probably in the light switch itself, I just not sure.Could be because the fuse is shot, on some vehicles, there is fuse for turning light on and another one for signaling and yet they are wired to same spot. Check out both fuses. they are not located in same spot as all other fuses, in some cars they look like a small round cylinder and under the dash board. If you get it working then you can test it before you put your dash cover back on.  Its, a bi-ee-ch to get at.the bulb is most likely a double filament and one of those is burnt out.probably a short in your headlight switch, or it might be a bad ground.sounds like someone put a single element bulb into a socket where a double element bulb should be.maybe a fuse
It varies from state to state.  When I moved from Texas to Utah, Utah made me take off all my tint in order to pass inspection.  What a complete mess!some states have different laws on it. it has to be where the law if they pull you over can see in. on a kind of people shooting the cops.usually if you go ahead and remove it, the judge usually will dismiss it. if you are decent with him and not be a smart a-ss.each state is different, but most say they need to let in x% of light, and the driver needs to be able to be seen clearly from the outsidein western australia the tint  must  be less than 10% reflective the best bet is to see your local tinting shop and ask them they will know as they work with window tinting every daymost states it is #3, but check with the state patrol in tour area before you have it doneCall the police.  They know.which country are you in? in australia you need to see the driver from the outside, but the back windowns can be very dark. i think in the phillipnes you can have any darkness you want.
I don't believe they would...for exactly that reason.  Have you ever personally seen an airline with that flight number?  I didn't think so...good premise for a punchline, but it would never happen in real life.For the same reason a building would have a 13th floor.  They are gambling on the odds.While 50/50 may not seem like a good "number" for a flight, there is a reason.. . 3,4,5 or 6 thousand series flight numbers are assigned to various codeshare partners of a mainline carrier. This flight is simply flight "50" for that airline, but it is coded with a 5,000 number by their major affiliate.. . For example, "Regional Jet Airlines" flying as United Express has a flight number 50. Under Uniteds timetable, all Regional Jet Airlines flights are 5xxx numbers, so the flight becomes 5050.Probably not, I wouldn't take a flight 911, either!hahahaha. thats good. . I would take it yeah, better now than neverOnly if I am having a bad hair day.. . *hugs* ~:)Better than having a number of 5150Do Lipton employees take coffee breaks?. Can I yell "movie" in a crowded firehouse?. If a train station is where the train stops, what is a workstation?. If nothing ever sticks to Teflon, how do they make Teflon stick to the pan?. Why do they put Braille on the drive through bank machines?. In a country of free speech, why are there phone bills?. If the #2 pencil is so popular, why is it still #2?. What if the Hokey Pokey IS what its all about?. Hmmm......this not a aeroplane number its a bus number
Maglev trains are not very common, but they do exist. The tracks are electromagnets and the cars have electromagnets on the bottom. The polarity of the two have to be kept the same so that the magnetic fields repel each other, making the car float above the rail. Without friction, they should be more efficient and cheaper in the long run.. . See, e.g.: http://travel.howstuffworks.com/maglev-train.htmMagnetic levitation transport, or maglev, is a form of transportation that suspends, guides and propels vehicles via electromagnetic energy. This has advantages in terms of speed and ride comfort compared to wheeled mass transit systems - potentially, maglevs could reach velocities comparable to turboprop and jet aircraft (500 to 580 km/h) - but although the idea is decades old, technological and economic limitations have caused relatively few full-scale systems to be built. Maglev technology has minimal overlap with wheeled train technology and is not compatible with conventional railroad tracks.
Don't try it unless you have specialized tools and knowlege required. It's not a simple job.look in your different car magazine..super Chevy..and they always have several companies who do this... I would send it out to the professionals and have them make sure it is straight and then have then weld the tube in place... the professionals can set up your gears correctly, and warranty them.... make sure you know what your going to do to your engine..horse power and torque... and what type of transmission and the transmissions gears...so you can discuss with the company what gears to put in your rear end... send it out is your best bet... Good Luckpositraction ,,,get a haines manuel ,for that and its like 8.00 bucks at autozonePULL REAR COVER,CATCH OIL, DROP DRIVE SHAFT, REMOVE PINION NUT YOLK, JACK UP REAR OF CAR,INSERT JACK STANDS, REMOVE TIRES,DRUMS, GO UNDERNATH AND REMOVE PIN THAT HOLDS SPIDER GEARS, PUSH IN ON AXLES, GO UNDERNEATH REMOVE C-CLIP FROM AXLE. REMOVE AXLES. BACK UNDERNEATH, REMOVE CARRIER BOLTS, MAKE SURE YOU DONT LOSE SHIM STACKS KEEP SEPRATE DONT LOSE, DROP CENTER CARRIER KNOCK OUT PINION,RELPACE PINION CRUSH SLEVE FRONT SEAL,REBUILD CARRIER,INSATLL WITH SHIMS  CHECK LASH ADJUST SHIMS,CHECK LASH ADJUST SHIMS, INSTALL AXLESC-CLIPS,SPIDERS PIN LOWER CAR TORQUE PINION NUT ECT..by giving it a spankin . i dont know ask a mechanicdamn!! u got a nice car there!!I don't believe these were very strong units.  If you can find a later 10 bolt rear end, say from the late 80's, that would be a better rear end and you'd probably never have to worry about it again.
check your pcv valve and crankcase breathers to rule out any pressure concerns, if all this is working properly I would go back to the fuel pump as it sounds like it might just be a bad part when purchased new,also check all of your vapor return system from your pump to fuel tank or canister. you didn't mention if it had any other oil leaks but if it was caused by excessive crankcase psi it would show oil seepage from various areasoverfilling????
Gasoline! It removes EVERYTHING adhesive! Duct tape and gasoline that's all you ever need!WD40methalated sprits is the best
replace whatever is leaking and if that doesnt help put stop leak in ityou should start by finding the source of the leak. then you use your hands with the aid of spanners to replace faulty item.
use the same stuff we clean our keyboards with.. . somthing that evaperatesI would use WD-40, I just cleaned the switch on my Dakota and it worked fine.
you probably need to either remove the cover over the engine to even find them or if it is that hard for you i would take it to your local mechanicIf it's the same Zetec engine they use over here - normally 16 valve - then you need a long-reach spark-plug remover and a wrench.  Fit the remover to the wrench and turn...and as if by magic, the spark plugs come outCarefully, very carefully.  This is a small car and I believe the spark plugs are made of playdoh.. . The good news is, if you damage them, you can replace them with the "Playdoh Fun Garage"  You just jam a wad of playdoh in the spark plug maker and push really hard.
because of the weight distribution of most cars, the front brakes are designed to provide most of the stopping power. Usually this brake workload distribution is 60/40 with the rear brakes only providing 40% of the resistance.Most cars still have drum brakes in the rear. For those with discs all around.............I think maybe it's because the front brakes do most of the work when stopping, throwing more brake dust on the wheels in front.the front ones are exposed to more dirt.the reason is the amount of brake dust that accumulates on the rims and tires.the front brakes work twice as hard as the back brakes on any vehicle.what are the first brakes that have to be replaced even on a new car?you guest it the front.so they have more accumulated debris than the rear wheels do.
Believe it or not there are specific piano moving companies out there.  Let them do it and save you the headache.1 truck and 1 chain that will git-er-doneProbably 4 people. It also depends on if it is an upright spinet or a tall upright. I have a spinet upright and we can shove it around with 2 people. To really move it takes 3-4 people.
a new engine first or have your converter checked. i put on a new converter.Omit the gas.run it on natural gas (CNG, LPG, PROPANE. whatever it's called where you live)  much lower emissions.
Other than the sleeve or collar that connects the inner and outer tierods, on each side, and the big nut with cotter pin, there is no tightening. They do swivel, but there should be no play. When they arec worn out and have play in them, they need to be replaced. Its a low cost item to replace, rather than having your truck loose control while driving because one broke.you dont,if there quite lose you need to replace them....sorry...there wore out...to tighten tierods loeson the tierod from the car and loeson the bolts on the tierod and turn it to the right and and put it back on the car but be carful
Just out of curiosity, what do the instructions say? Did you know that manufacturers print those to be read, not just to wipe the drool off your chin while installing their parts?. . Seriously, didn't they come with a manual?Installation of headrest monitors is not an easy job better you call a technician for that and no more headache, okey...
idle air control motor could be sticking due to carbon build up.try cleaning with carb cleaner and see if that helps.The A/C draws alot of power from your engine, in turn lowering your rpms, and resulting in loss of power from your engine. Solution: give it a little more gas until the engine is warmed up a bit more. Or roll down the windows and leave the a/c off! It kills your gas mileage too when you run the a/c all the time.It's an electrical issue. Check your battery, alternator and distributor. Your car might be an early model and you live in a hot climate. Your might try adjusting your idle on your car.your alternator might be in trouble, or if the air conditioner is run off the serpentine belt it might need to be replaced. . . Maybe the water pump? I know when iam low on antifreeze my truck has some issues with chugging because the heat gauge goes up and it thinks it needs to shut off to save the engine or something.The AC belt may be too tight and might be sucking too much power from the crankshaft pully, depending on what kind of car it is.There is a faster idle setup for the engine when the A/C  kicks in. Sounds like this has stopped working.its the battery and&#92;or the fuel. a&#92;c takes up more power and increases fuel comsumtion. i think invest in a new car battery or get a qualified mech to look over itA/C take up alot of power, make sure that the compressor pulley is not binding, the belt isn't too tight, and the condition of your alternator and battery. You should also clean all of your battery connections for corrosion which cause resistance.  If all else fails drive really fast with all the windows open, lol.It's probably something to do with the battery or fuel.
did you rebuild the calipers when youchanged the rotors? if the calapiers stick they will casuse a knocking noise. it could also be a problem with your antilock brakes that is something altogether expensive and not easy to do.dat could mean that your engine is knocking this is not a good sign prepare yourself to be paying some major bucks or for a new carCould be a cat stuck on the tire tread.You could very likely have a loose caliper bolt or even a loose wheel!. Please have it looked at A.s.a.p.. . Good Luck. . MikeIf you just installed the new rotors, then they would need some times to become smooth.I should take the car to a dealer for checking.could be bad cv axles
It is on the right hand side of the car actually - this is because we drive on the left making overtaking much easier (try overtaking from a left hand drive position when driving on the left!).. . BTW the country is the UK or Britain not England (England is only one country within the UK/Britain)the question is, "why isn't it that way over here?" you gotta figure it's safer in collisions as your sitting away from oncoming traffic side. you'd get in and out on the sidewalk side so that's safer as well. and it's be a lot easier to get your flippin mail!thats the right not left genius. They drive on the left. I guess they choose to be the opposite of north america since we like our steering wheels on the left and we drive on the right side.Yeah, it is on the right over in england, and the reason is because of the "proper" rules of the road, you are supposed to drive on the side of the vehicle that is in the center of the road.  Don'tknow why that is, but that is how it is supposed to be.It is on the Right side in England because they drive on the left side of the road, and the driver must be near the center of the road to avoid head on collisions.. . Why they do it that way and not our way is like asking why the sky is blue and not green.As fiddlekid44 said, you put the driver near the center of the road so it's easier to keep from drifting into the opposite lane..  . BUT, why do Brits drive on the left?.  . The way the story goes is that, in the old days, gentlemen would horseback ride on the left to avoid the whip in their right hand hitting pedestrians..  . Now the question is, why the f... does everyone else drive on the right?
I think that we should just burn them anyway...they really suck!!!  Isn't there a better car out there that you might be able to afford.The engine is compacted into a smaller compartment than usual. Along with heat generated from the transmission, the cooling system(radiator in the front of the car)is somewhat inferior for the design. It invites possible overheating trouble which contributes to the whole picture. That was John DeLoren's design when he was at GM before leaving and making his Stainless Steel Coke carrier.the problem is fuel delivery. the o-ring on the fuel rail deteriorates quickly causing a fuel leak right above the exhaust manifold. the question is-why would you want one?
So that when blind drivers come up to the ATM machine they can get their money??  HA!. . I think really it's just that is only one model for ATM machines.  I don't think a company makes a separate machine for drive throughs, verses the ones you walk up to in a bank.Because they use the same ones for the walk up ones, it is cheaper to keep the braille than to make different ones. Also, I suppose a blind person could be in the backseat and use the drive up one.They have a standard format for all machines it would be more expensive to have a different design on the drive throughs than on the walk up atms and it is always possible  that I blind person could walk up to or be driven to a drive up atm window. The blind person I've gone to the bank with prefered to bank in the old fashioned way and went inside  to the teller during banking hours.Blind people need money too.Generally blind people driving need cash for future out-of-court accident settlements.Night shoppers?very good question.. mabey for a passenger foolthe question isnt why do they have brail, but what does it say...who knows maybe it says "take it inside pal"EXACTLY, SOME STATES MAKE BLIND STUDENTS TAKE DRIVER'S ED AS WELL!! DUH UH!!I think this question was meant to be funny. Some of you people really need to lighten up. Good question man.back seat or walk up.
without the proper tools, equipment and experience you will not have much luck with this.  to pull that kind of damage you need to anchor the car. which requires a frame rack or floor pots.  without the proper tools you will only make it worse.SLIDE HAMMER OR CHAIN AND A TREE
Chevy recommends 5w30 for that year and motor. I would have to agree.5w-30, should actually be on the oil cap (own one with the 4.3) but 10w-30 is ok, but the 5w-30 and 10w-30 is still a 30 weight at operating temp, while the 5w-30 has a little more cold flow ability, BUT 10w-30 is a tad more shear resistent (doesn't go out of grade as easy) I have yet to hear of a 40w-30 or a 50w-30, in this guys head, that would mean the cold cranking viscosity, would be thicker then its operating viscosity (learn more about oil man)....... I'd use a 5w-30, in a high mileage formula, these oils were not affected by the drop in additives like gf4 oils, and they tend to be at the end of they're weight, so regular 10w-30 might be a low 30 weight (10.5cst) , high mileage formula a thick 30 (12cst). . AND also, synthetic oils are compatible with all other motor oils, and seals..... why are there syn blends out there?read the owners manual.some newer vehicles take different kinds.10w40 because it gives you more protection for your rings and pistons esp in high mileage vehiclesDepends, are you going to use stanard, mix or synthetic? I always recommend syntheic. Especially if you have a later model car with higher milage.5-w30  oil is what you need, regular dino oil is fine, if you wanna be anal, you could run synthetic, but i see no need for it.... i deal with that stuff all dayIt has not much to do with the year or make of the car. More has to do with mileage! low milage requireq thinner oil, 5w30 or thinner, high milage cars require thicker oil such as 40w30, or 50w30. weather has a lot to do with it too. in colder weather you would want to use thinner oil for easy start-up. The ooposite goes here as well. The most recommended oil for regular milage/weather/user is 10w30. that is cheap too. that much is about grades. . I personally recommend Castrol GTX. It is good in price but for picky consumers it is too regular. For those I recommend Valvoline that is not reused oil. See, Castrol reuse old oil. Not that there is anything wrong with that, but it sounds better if a company uses natural oil only. That is also a bit more pricy, but different needs for different drivers and budgets.. You may also use synhtetic oil for yor Blazer, which is the most pricy oil out there (regardless of the brand) but with Synthetic oil you protect your engine better and get yourself at least 10,000 kms more between oil changes. Also you are better off to use Synthetic oil for ever after you use it once because it does not likely bond with non-synthetic oils.
Sounds like the sensitivity of the system needs to be turned up. You are going to have to hit the owners manual on how to do this.Maybe one of the door sensors is faulty, and it thinks a door has been opened when it has not.  That happened to me.
Drop shipment - A discounted rate mailing verified and accepted by an origin office, then transported by the mailer or a private (nonpostal) agent to destination entry facility. (Express Mail® and Priority Mail® drop shipments contain mailings transported by the Postal Service.)drop shipping is when you order something for a customer and have it shipped right from that company to the customer and you don't even see it except from in your catalogueDropship means that you order it from one company that acts as a middle person who in turn orders it from another company that send the product to youdropshipping is when you purchase something and then you want it shipped to a different address, for example, you buy your grandma a necklace online and you want it shipped directly to her instead of coming to you first.
are they manual or power folding mirrors.Not the glass, but the mirror itself??I think a firm push towrds the front should do it!. . I think!!!
That's characteristic of an ignition problem due to spark plugs and wires or distributor cap and rotor if your car is old enough to have a cap and rotor. If your car is nearly 10 years old and the spark plug wires have never been replaced, put a new quality set of wires on the same time you change the spark plugs. The engine shaking you describe sounds like the engine is misfiring, especially if it's worse going up hills when the engine RPMs bog down. Always start with the basic "tune-up" items to solve engine performance problems before going on to the diagnosis of other secondary emissions and computer controlled engine components.does your engine shake on accelerate only? is it a shake or a rocking feeling does the gear lever shake or swaycheck motor mount or trans mount.your wheel pressure is unbalance, try to do some wheel balancingsticky valves? is it auto? blow smoke and feel slow?It could be a motor mount .
Check engine grounds for loose connections, especially right behind the distributor (on the 4.0). I have found many a trouble there.It could possibly be the pick up coil inside the distributor or a bad coil, broken primary or secondary coil wire or bad/broken timing chain. I hope this helps. Martyhow about the battery?  is there water in the cells or maybe the kind that u have doesn't need water.  just asking..... r all the wires connected to the right stuff.  was everything bought new or was it used.  recheck because sometimes we overlook things.You hit all the easy stuff first, what you need to look for. is the crank sensor, its on top of the transmission bellhousing. it is hard to find it reads the signal , to fire the ignition module so you can spark.I know this is a DUH answer, but you never know. Did you try the fuses? Make sure theres power to the control box?. There may also be an ignition relay stuck in the on or off position that is worn out or something. Its worth checking out.
Its not too hard, but not cheap either. Remove the top and bottom steering shroud covers (may have to drop the lower kick panel). Locate the blinker switch and screws, take out the screws, unplug the wires and put in a new switch.in that year and model, i believe there is what they call a clock spring assy located UNDER the steering wheel.  if your not familiar with the job would advise letting an experianced mechanic do it.  you need a steering wheel puller and would advise a jeep maintaince manual(oem type) follow all instructions to the letter or you can get into very expensive trouble. the part is not cheap, but this unit also controls other items as well.(which will also fail as time goes by )  older style had a replaceable spring and was much cheaper and easier to repair...lot's of luck..........Buy a new switch from a Jeep dealer in your area or your local scrapyard, and fit it yourself, else see a mechanic and he will charge you $10000000000000000000000its simple. either push it back to its position manually or go see a mechanic...
you can use the pva glue but i'm not too well familiar with it and it's normal usage but i use liquid insulation for mine for putting electrical insulation on bare wires and it comes in different colors even clear and especially black so you can't see it. look for it at your local hardware store, it also stays flexible and it holds in pressure very well toouse pva glue its very flexable
with small pocket tools, and tiny hands.you shouldnt waste your money for a new exhaust for a pocket bikeDidn't you ask this question already? Remove the old one and install the new one in reverse order.Use a straw from McDonalds...
$700 is a major ripoff. Here's the breakdown on what it should cost: Decent front pads or shoes, about 30 bucks. Decent rear pads or shoes, about 30 bucks. Resurface rotors or drums if they need it, about ten bucks each. If they need to be replaced, they shouldn't be more than about 50 bucks. Even if you have the brakes done at a shop, it shouldn't be more than $300 if they just have to replace the pads or shoes and resurface the discs or drums.Some states have lemon laws, but I think mostly when you buy a used vehicle it's purchased AS IS with no warranty and that means you accept it as it is when you buy it.  . . It ususally doesn't hurt to take a couple hundred bucks to set aside and use that money to take your potential vehicle to a trustworthy mechanic of your choice and let them look it over.Did he buy the truck as is? Did he have it checked by his mechanic prior to purchase? $1500 is not a lot of money for a truck in today's market. If he bought it "as is",and for that price it is highly likely that he did, he has no recourse. There should have been a sticker on the window when he bought it, saying what if anything was covered (FTC Rule)
do a quick background check online. also you can go to your state capitol bldg. and pay approx. 20 dollars, and they can give you a quick printout.The county you got the ticket in should have a web-site. Go to the web-site and there should be a Clerk or Court section. Charges against people are public record. It works well here in FL.call them. Find out if your suspended. Chances are..if your are you will be suspended in NY and i might not show, not sure though, i know that if you go back to NY they will be sure to get you , and you will be booked into jail. Go ahead and call NY MVD and pay your FINE!
look how it hooked up and then take the new one and run it exaley how the other one was run if not it might not work.(pull clutch and don't stop).If it's less than a year old, isn't there some kind of warranty on it?  I'd take it to the dealer not so much to just replace the clutch cable but to see if something else is wrong -- sounds like it failed pretty quickly.TAKE THE TRANS COVER OFF THE RIGHT SIDE. UNDO THE CABLE TENTIONING NUT AND RUN CABLE ALL THE WAY IN. REMOVE CABLE FROM HOUSING. LOOK AND SEE THE WAY THE CABLE IS ROUTED BY THE FACTORY. DO IT THE SAME WAY. PULL THE LEVER AND LENGTHEN THE INNER CABLE REMOVE IT FROM THE LEVER. REPLACE AND ADJUST PER THE BOOK, AN EIGHT OF AN INCH FREE PLAY AT THE LEVER
usually every 10000km - 6 215 miles.. Vulcan is not high reving performance machine. Service interval is the same as your average small carThe standard rule of thumb that I go by is first change at 500 miles, second change at 1500 miles, and every 1500 after that. This is lower that what my manuals say for my shadow it says change the oil every 2500 miles. My Harley says change the oil at every 2500 unless you are running the synthetic oil then change it every 5000 miles. I usually change the Harley oil becuase i do run synthetic oil at 3000 mile intervals. Of course I change all oil at the start of each season after running the bike for a couple hudred miles to wash it down so to speak.The owners manual will give the manufacturers recommendation. The best interval will depend on your riding conditions. If the bike is used regularly & ridden far enough to fully warmup the oil on most days, you can go by a mileage schedule, about 3,000 miles would be good. If used infrequently, or shorter rides, it should be changed on time schedule, regardless of mileage. At least twice a year. Lack of warmup/low useage allows moisture to condense & acids to form in the oil. The filter is little help except for solids.check it every day!! if its starts to turn dark(er)  then by all means change the oilevery 2000 milescheck the owners manual for their recommendation. . otherwise every 1000 miles or so.
We changed our's four times (two year span) till we found out it was the coil pack that was bad.put duct tape over the lightwell sometimes after so many miles it will stay on, take it to a shop and have a computer hooked up to it, that should pin point whyTry this:. . Turn the key on (but don't start it). . Pump the break peddal as hard and as fast as you can 3 times.  You must do this as soon as you turn the key on.  If you wait a second before beginning you will fail to reset the computer.Take it to Auto Zone they will check it for something you may have missed. . . They will check it for freeI don't know if you'd want to spend the money to do it but if all else fails take it to a Chevy dealer for service.If you disconnect the battery for 15 minutes and then reconnect, that will sometimes clear out the error messages.  That will only work though if there is truely nothing wrong anymore.i ain't no car expert, but we were discussing awhile back that in chevy S10s after you hit a certain mileage it comes on frequently even if there's nothing wrote.. just check with a mechanic....They probably didn't reset the computer to remove the code. Or if you are really lucky, it is something totally different. Take it back where you got it done and tell them it's back on.if the computer trouble codes are not cleared after replacing a faulty part the light will come back on. some codes are short-term memory but more critical codes are long-term
look up how ot bleed th elines, do not take any advice for something so important.  most of the times you will need a mechanic to do such a thing.Turn the key on to the run postion but not started.  At the motor break the fuel lines loose just a little and bleed the air till you just get fuel.
Don't be intimidated by the Examiner.  Concentrate on the road speed signs and rules of the road.  Remember all the shoulder checking and don't make senior citizens or handicapped people run across the street in fear of your coming!Well, don't have a drink, that's for sure. Just practice until you are confident that you can drive well. They usually just take you around the block, anyway, and make you stop, signal, etc. It isn't that hard.They know you are nervous.  Just pant like a puppy. Go for it.. The person when you go in will give you tips if you ask first.. Stop at stop signs, pull out slowly.  Watch your speed and ask before you start what the speed limit is there.. Use your signals. Even before you pull out.  Turn that signal on to show you are going to move.. The HARDEST part is the written test.. You already know how to drive.Remember, pretty much all of us have gone through it, from the smartest (except Einstein) to the biggest bozos on the planet.. It's not that hard. Keep your head. A month from now it will all be second nature, but NEVER take it lightly!that's easy just pretend you are the only one in the car and you don't have to look at them when you drive and what ever you do do not start the car until your seat belt is on they will mark you on that and its not a good mark and remember to turn the stereo down before the instructor gets in the car
There are several way's of doing it.. First you can bore the cylinder, adding more volume increases comp.. Second you can use flat top or dome pistions deppends on application. third you can shave the heads and or deck the block.. Be very carful though, consult a machine shop or other expert, one mistake and you can end up raising the compression to high or damage the motor.one of the thing you can do is replace the piston and connecting rods. By putting a slightly larger rod you can increase the compression. if your problem is that you are loosing compression, then you most likely have a bad cylinder head valve.shaving a few mils off the head and changing the pistons and rods,  don't forget the cam and crank.
It is probably to distinguish them from the city's stop signs. Stopping at the latter is legally enforceable, while stopping at parking-lot stop signs on private land isn't.artistic differencesHOLY SHIT! I HAVE NEVER SEEN A BLUE STOP SIGN! LOL
Make sure, before you start trying to replace a clutch, that your clutch cable is adjusted correctly, not broken, and such. It sucks to replace a clutch because it is out of adjustment.I can walk you through it, but it is a long process. Please e-mail me at wildfannrp@yahoo.com for the full procedure.
GREED....plain and simple.pure GREED!!! exxon mobil topped walmart in the fortune 500, nocking them off to take first place with i think 398 billion, yes billion. you think oil is really that hight to find and porduce into gas? no just padding the pockets of the already wealthy, greedy, selfish few.because one of our main oil/gas sources is from New Orleans and since that just got hit by a hurricane it's harder to get gas from there the second is from the Iraq and Iran area and since we're at war there we can get gas as easily from there either it costs more to get it sent to us so we have to pay more to.Supply and Demand.. . Demand goes up in the Spring and Summer months because people travel more and there are higher costs due to Air Conditioning usage.. . Supply has gone down recently.  The cartel that controls a large chunk of the world's supply has decided to reduce it.GreedRetards^ it is beacause oil is becoming less common and people in order no make a profit they need to charge more, then they sell it and in order for the gas station to make a profit they must also increace prices.ask about "suply and demand"Because we are losing gas plants so we have to get it from other contries and they are charging us more so they can ship it to us.It's definitely not because most of this country thinks it makes sense to drive a gas-guzzling vehicle (e.g. a Hummer H2).
a seacock is a hole in the hull, or bottom, of the boat that has a hose connected to it so as not to sink the boat. This intake port, which is what it does, intakes the water that the boat is floating in for various uses on the boat, whether it is a live well, a salt water wash, or the cooling system for the inboard type engine. most boats have them some have more than others.Lets in sea water to a holding tank. Hense the name (Sea-Cock) A valve.I don't know what a Seacock is . but you could try my link below.A valve in the hull of a boat or ship that may be opened to let in water so as to flood a ballast tank, for example.
If the car is NEW, repairs will be free. If it's a 1995 or newer, it may be covered by the federal (EPA) emissions warranty. for details see:. . http://www.epa.gov/otaq/consumer/warr95fs.txt. . The lemon law is more complicated than that. You cannot claim it is a lemon for such a small, one time problem.That happens to our car and the auto service won't let us sell it back!!!Sell it.You can not return the car. Lemon laws vary State to State but generally speaking you need to have the same exact problem 3 times within a 90 day period of time and the dealer must be unable or refuse to fix that same problem. Never fear, however, a service engine light is almost never an engine problem. These days, it signals an emmissions control problem.If the car has a warranty they have to fix it, if not, you're pretty much screwed.  The lemon law isn't very easy to use - you have to prove that the same major problem happened with the car AFTER being fixed like 3 times or something - it's a pain to prove and it's not going to do anything for you.  (My dad's a mechanic - he told me that there are so many loopholes that you can use to get out of it that it's not even worth trying.)  Here's a possibility:  many times the check engine light comes on when you put gas in the car and don't close the cap all the way - you have to turn it until it clicks.  That's the usually culprit in a situation like this.  Try closing the cap more, if that doesn't work take it back where you got it and like I said, if it's under warranty then they have to fix it.  If there's no warranty, they aren't responsible.
How else would the Automotive Industry market their products????To sell cars?are u kidding me. theres car delerships so u can get a car.There are car dealerships, in order for different car manufacturers to sell their cars, and buyers to buy cars. It is one of the ways, how cars can be bought
If you are referring to the loan agreement, then the only way to do it is to pay the loan off and sign a lien release which must accompany the title.Your co-signer could purchase the car from you buy getting a loan from the same lending intuition that is currently holding the title. This would pay off the loan that is in your name and place a new one in the name of the co-signer.. . Another way to reinforce the first answer.
It is mainly due to aerodynamics, Station wagons or Estate Cars as they are called in UK, have an almost vertical rear window, this cause a vacuum, and this actually sucks lots of water and dirt onto the window, this happens lots less with a saloon / sedan. If you have ever driven a station wagon/estate car you will know how essential the rear wiper/washer is. I used to drive up to 50,000 miles a year in one, and that was over the last 25 years, so really do know it is essential.. In fact several saloons could make use of it, I know my wife's Pontiac Grand Am could when in a downpour, or afterwards when the rear window gets dirty, to be able to wash it clean and wipe it would be great.. As for headlamp washers, try driving in bad weather and muddy roads, then walk round to the front of the car and wipe your headlamps clean, when you get back in, they will appear almost twice as bright.well, i always thought those wipers were pretty useless, their just a perk added to make the car seem nicer/more expensive, its like why do some cars have wipers on their headlights.In certain driving situations, mirrors just don't cut it. Having your back window clear and see-through an help in one of these situations.I'm not positive, but I think it has to do with aerodynamics. My wife has a Hyundai Santa Fe, and I noticed that the road "mist" accumulates at the back window alot faster than most vehicles. I think the air flow around the vehicle "sucks" the mist from the tires onto the window.it is just to suit the looks of the car and in some cars such as the ferrari, bmws etc... the rear wiper is left out because the car looks superb without the rear wipers, it is just to suit the looks and give it a sleek designe.I wouldnt know but a great idea is to use bio-performance, it's a product design by scientist that not everyone knows about.. this product is to be added in the fuel tank it will clean the useless dirty thick oily gas in the motor. see what it does it cleans it so the motor will not have to burn more gas, in example a bike needs oil to be added on the chains to peddle smoother... this product has saved everyone i've know using it, save over 40 percent of the gas a car regularly burns, and it would prevent less polution.. for information email me at lopezjay63@yahoo.com . . at the moment i am not at my computer for the info. but i am not lying about this offer. you need 2 pills per 8 gallons 2 pills cost 5 dollars, and does not harm your car/motorcycle/truck/bus or what ever gas burning motor your using, they are so coffident that they will replace your motor at no cost. and they are licensed . . . . lopezjay63@yahoo.comGenerally, road-spray from your rear tires covers the rear window of the vehicle when there isn't a trunk.  SUVs and mini-vans are especially bad for this.  The wiper is for squeegying off the dirty mist that accumulates, not for defogging.
49 cc is waste . try a new bike. 150 cc APACHENot all carburators have the cable connected like the previous guy suggests. Some carbs are simple. Also, you won't have to remove your grips to install a throttle cable.. What is the year, make, engine size and model # of your bike.Once the tank and associated plastic is out of the way you should have a clear view of the carburetor and all of its ducting. Carefully examine you carburetor to determine how to remove the old cable. On the 400ex carburetor as well as other Hondas I have work on there is a plastic cover on the right side of the carburetor body that is held in place by two Phillips head screws. Under this access cover is the bell crank mechanism that operates the carburetor. Now all you have to do is roll up the bell crank that the cable is attached to, slide the cable out of the slot, and you are ready for the final step in removing the cable. Carefully begin to snake the cable back from the handle bar area towards the carburetor noting the way it is run so when you install the new cable it will follow the same path. Again on all the Honda carbs I have worked the cable sheath has a metal 90deg. end on it that threads into the top of the carburetor. Loosen the jam nut on the sheath and unscrew the cable guide until it is free of the carburetor. On ATV's made by different manufactures the carburetors will most likely have a different method to attach and remove the cable from the carb. In all cases it should not take much effort to determine how it is done.. .  . Time to remove the old grips. If the grips are new or not very old and you wish to save them for use at a later date an easy way to remove them without getting into a tug-o-war with your ATV is to use a blast of compressed air. Just work your blower nozzle under the grip and give a blast of air while pulling the grip and it will slide off. If you don't have compressed air nor the brute strength to make the grip see things your way the only option left is to liberate them with razor knife. Please be careful here or you might really need a thumb throttle....if you know what I mean!? Remember when buying new grips get the correct type. They are made to work with twist throttles and the right grip has a slightly larger bore to accommodate the twist sleeve.. . Phew! We are half way home! Now we start putting it back together!. . OK, so far so good. Now that everything is removed it is time to start installing the new cable assembly. Yep, you guessed it, we are going to do everything we just did in reverse. Start by attaching the new cable assembly to the carburetor body by threading the 90deg. sheath elbow to the carburetor body. I ran mine down until I could see it starting to extend past the opening on the other end. At this time I orientated the cable sheath in the correct direction and locked it down with the jam nut. Attach the new cable to the bell crank using the same method as before. Replace the side cover and reinstall all removed ducting. Just as before, if you have a different model, the cable attachment method will differ slightly. Either way if you got the old cable off you should be able to get the new one on.. . Route the new cable the same way as the old cable using the factory installed guides and fold-over tabs. The cable should be hanging in position and ready for the twist housing to be installed. Now that the cable is routed and the carburetor has been reassembled you could reinstall the tank and its plastic fairings but the 'smart' mechanic will make sure that all is well before closing her up. It blows to have to remove the tank a second time for a minor adjustment. You be the judge of your mechanical abilities and then proceed as required.. . At this point we will make sure that the twist sleeve will fit over the bars and rotate smoothly. You may have to remove some paint from the area that is directly under the twist sleeve to allow it to rotate smoothly. My installation did not require me to remove any paint but if I did have to perform this chore my tool of choice would be my 4inch mini grinder with a sanding disk. Use what you have. Sandpaper by hand would be a better choice then your 8inch,two men and a boy industrial grinder with a 50 grit tige
nobody knowsSee the $3.00 jump today? 4/21/06. Premium gas in my area is over $4.00 gal.. It won't be long - better stock up. LOLi think that i would be by the end of the year like x-mas timeProbably a year or soUs lucky farmers still get it for 1.75 a gallon. Why? We buy it in bulk generally 200-400 gallons at a time!I hope Never but this summer it will for sure. well just think they raised the cigarette prices so ppl will stop smoking and now they are raising gas prices so ppl will buy more fuel affentate cars and trucks so it will go up don't worryHopefully never. But if it does it'll be when those greedy OPEC countries decide it.as soon as the greedy gov. make it that high.
I think it's a bit ridiculous that Bush just now (today) is taking steps toward the situation. What about for the past year? Amazing.because bush's policies affect world wide oil prices, and petrol has always been higher (at least in the UK) cos it has so much tax on itThey are foolish and have to have someone to blame.. Because in America today there are alot of people in a "it's all about me" stage.I,I,I, me,me,me is what causes. it.They don't care about anyone but themselves much less what is going on in other countries.Also there is more tax on gas in other countries.. I'm not trying to be mean just answering your question.these are not strictly american companies. the companies that bush and cheney have both been associated with in the past have international financial holdings. add to that the us dependency on oil and the interaction between our economy and our ability to contribute constructively in a global economy and you end up with multi- national corporations with close ties to the president and vice president that are ARTIFICIALLY inflating prices to bolster profit.. last year all major petrol companies in the world reported record high stockholder profits. meanwhile prices soar...
I just recently saw a commercial for NASCAR University on Speedvision. They actually started a school program for NASCAR racing. Check NASCAR.comGo to driving school.  But, usually it's about who you know.  You have to be well connected to get on a team.  It is usually a family thing.you have to start somewhere then work your way up. some of em start at midgits and sprint cars...or even modifieds.
Buy a new battery.  Either get a tech to help you, or look it up in the little book/computer that is always available wherever you go to buy a battery.. . Open the hood of your car.. . Find the battery.  Remove the red cable connected to the battery.  You will probably need a wrench.. . Remove the black cable connected to the battery.. . If the battery is strapped into place, remove the strap.. . Lift the battery out of place.. . Put the new battery in place.. . Strap it in, if necessary.. . Connect the black cable to the "-" terminal and tighten with a wrench if necessary.. . Connect the red cable to the "+" terminal and tighten with a wrench if necessary.. . Close the hood.. . Pat yourself on the back for a job well-done.. . . Most new batteries will have enough of a charge on them to start the car, but not much else.  When you start the car for the first time, be sure to drive around for about half an hour to build up a charge.. . Take the old battery to the place where you bought your new battery from so they can properly dispose of it (and probably give you money for the "core deposit").carefully.1,Disconnect the negative wire first . 2, Remove the fastening bracket of the battery. 3,Now disconnect the positive wire. 4,Carefully remove the old battery (Be aware of Acid). 5,Install the new battery . 6, Dry acid & maintenance free battery is recommended. 7, Refit the fastening bracket of the battery. 8, Connect the positive wire first. 9, now connect the negative wire. Job done. Start your Jeep and enjoyit's a forum of fellow jeep owners...they can help. . http://www.jeepsunlimited.com/forums/showthread.php?p=5850527Honey this is what I do I do to the nearest Advance auto and have them put it on for me.You can ususally go to garages also just in cause there's some junk on the cables.buy a new one and change itLook in the chiltons manual, you can find them down at your auto zone or checker auto parts.  Make sure you include the year too, because some models are different.. . http://www.chiltonsonline.com/If you dont have radio codes connect both batteries via  jumper leads and make sure the car is always connected to a battery with power. Also dont leave your ignition keys in , sometimes the damn doors lock as part of the resetting proccess.Disconnect the Negative(ground(black wire)), disconnect the positive (hot(red wire)), if equipped and/or in use, unscrew the battery tie down, and remove the battery. Then, reverse the process to install the new battery.. . Not to be condescending, just not sure of your mechanical skills: The battery is located under the hood, and should be on the driver's side of the under hood compartment. You can open the hood by lifting and moving aside the hood latches - they look like "T"'s and are on either side of the hood.
Old enough to spell properly!Go to the source website I left.  Select your state and follow instructions.
It is a coutesy to have the slower drivers drive on the right hand side of the road to give the faster drivers a fst lane and not get stuck behind the slow ones.They had to pick one lane or the other.  If the left lane was slow and the right lane fast, everyone would be speeding on exit and entrance ramps...)(Because it is!. . The middle lanes are used for the cars that are going all straight and near the top limit.. . and the right lane is for the cars who are about to exit the stree/highway or entering it.. . and for the ppl who just drive slow.SLOWER TRAFFIC KEEP RIGHT . NOT ALL DRIVE TO CONSERVE FUEL. IF YA CAN'T RUN WITH THE BIG DOGS STAY ON THE PORCHThat's not true! In countries where they drive on the left side of the road, it is the right lane which is the fastest!Your driving on the wrong side of the road, come to the UK and take a look how we do it!the right lane is for slow traffic had there not been a slow lane you would not  be able to enter traffic or leave traffic  or have a flat tire or disabled car ect......the lane has its purposeIn UK, Australia or Japan is left lane slow:) But it's beacuse it's allow to pass slower car only from left side.Because in most states slow traffic must merge to the right lane. The left lane is disnated for passing, but most ppl just stay in that lane. Even Granny, when she's making her Sunday drive 5mph below the speed limit, seems to prefer the left lane or sometimes both.i guess that's because its the lane everybody uses to enter or exit the expressway or freeway whatever.It is primarily used  for turniing off into side streets, supermarkets, malls, parallel parking, merginging lanes, and general exiting. All which require you too slow down in order to make the turn.I guess, the right line is for the heavy trucks and heavy age too.. The left line for the light cars and light age too.. The middle lain for ladies.what country are we taking though?. in the uk the right lane is the fast one unless theres a jam obviously.. the question you should be asking is-in  atraffic jam why is my lane always the slowest?it isnt.. . it differs from country to country.. . however, a slow lane is usually priority for slow moving vehicles such as trucks who will slow down traffic if they were to be allowed to travel freely. it is an offense, if not taboo, in most countries for slow moving vehicles to travel on  lanes other than the slowest one.. . quite clearly, u do not have much road experience.
Sounds to me that you need a wiring diagram of your car.  You also need a basic understanding of alarm systems.  With these items you can bypass the alarm system and deactivate it.  The Link below should help get you started.  You can also search the web for other sites.  Don't forget the library has books also, try their automotive section.. . Good Luckthat is Soo funny when i imagine it! did u try disabling the alarm, it should be in the manual, if it was installed after the manufacture, just get it un-installed shouldn't cost u much1-800-POP A LOCKa base ball bat
Very carefully!Older vehicles that used Geneators can easily be retrofited for an alternator.  Ask you Auto Zone/ Checker Parts counter person for the proper amp? in a 12 volt alternator.
I work for an onlin booking agent and a guest must have a photo ID to board a plane if they are not a child also there name on there ticket must match there name on the ticket no nicknames.You need a boarding pass and an ID. International flights want to see a passport.  Flights within the US you need either a passport or driver's license and a boarding pass.PHOTO IDMost likely, his student ID if he's a student, social security, driver's liscence, credit card, and/or passport.  . . Basically anything legal to identify him.  Most airlines ask for two forms of ID, other's just your ID.. . But any of the above are good to board a plane.  . . DON'T FORGET THE PLANE TICKET!passport
http://boston.conman.org/2003/02/08/toyota.fuse.jpgstandard fuses for lights/switches/horn etc. look like this....http://uk.search.yahoo.com/search/images?fr=FP-tab-img-t&ei=ISO-8859-1&p=car+fuseA small plastic rectangle, about as wide as your thumb, with two metal prongs on one side.  On the opposite end will be a number, which signifies the amount of current (in Amps) that it is rated for.  The plastic comes in different colors, also signifying the current rating.What he said.In addition to what the person above me said:. http://www.allproducts.com.tw/manufacture2/sunrise/p01.jpgThere are 3 kinds.. . Glass fuses are round cylinders with metal caps on each end.. . Blade fuses are thin and the metal contacts look like 2 fangs hanging down.. . Larger engine fuses are square and of different sizes and the contacts are underneath the fuse.
on the front of the engine beneath the exhaust manifold. Its pretty simple. The 3.4 litre dohc six is no harder then a regular 3.1.autozone, they will do it for you
its to remind u that the door is open and that u should not start driving. so keep your doors shut and enjoy the roadIt usually only beeps when you left the keys in the ignition or left your lights on. Otherwise it shouldnt beep.
I highly recomment one. Many of my friends have scions with the bumper guard and it doesn't change the look of the scion in a bad way at all. it still looks good with it on.gayDon't know, but you can probably find one at this site.It looks like a giant retainer.
Once the engine is started, the altenator takes over and begins replacing the power you drained from the battery to start your car.  It also helps when yu turn lots of stuff on in the car by supplying the additional power needed.Alternator, the vehicle must be running thoughthe alternator, without that, your car will not keep a charge, then the voltage regulator kicks in after thatalternator. . One way I have learned to test the alternator is(this may be dangerous, so don't try it, I have may just have been lucky so far)...  start the car and take hot post battery terminal off. If the car dies, its the alternator, if it keeps running, its the battery.The energizer bunny, what else would you. like to know ?the alternater.The Alternator.  It is run via a belt that your engine turns.
Some white smoke coming out the tail pipe is normal. It is actually steam that is coming out and the reason it does that is because the catalytic converter is actually doing its job in oxidizing the poisonous gases that come out. So its turning hydro carbons into water and carbon monoxide into carbon dioxide. Hope I answered your question but if you want to play it safe take to your local repair shop for an inspection.Maybee you should not even own a car!!!!It's probably normal.. . "Question: 1995 BMW 525i. My BMW is always giving off white smoke. I noticed it does not overheat or anything like that. The outside temperature is 38 deg F. All the other cars are running fine. Sometimes I smell coolant inside the car but have been unable to find a wet spot in the car. Help.. . Answer: White smoke when first started is normal. If white smoke continues you have an internal coolant leak, i.e., cracked head/blown head gasket. Black smoke is caused by a rich fuel condition. Blue smoke is caused by oil consumption. The smell of coolant inside your car is caused by a leaking heater core."its a very good Chance that you have a blow-en head gasket. looking at big dollars to repair. White smoke means their is coolant in the combustion chamber. or if you live in a cold and damp area then its normal. in that case its just condensation.White smoke is a strong indicator of water or moisture in your block.sounds like the valve seals are no good. Have it checked because it shouldn't do it if you just has valve seals replaced. You're still getting a leak somewhere.
Yes, check with the department of motor vehicles.I can't be sure because I don't live in Michigan, but I have found stats for bike ownership for the state of Utah by looking in the department of motor vehicles web site. It is a different site for each state.  I didn't spend a lot of time but check out the site below, it will at least get you started.Try a crawler type search engine like dogpile and search on "motorcycle accident statistics Michigan" or maybe add Livingston County on the next search. You might also have some luck with the County Clerk.
I'm sorry to tell you but..You will need to go to a Honda dealer and have a new master key made..I own a 2003 honda civic..I recieved Two master keys with it when i bought it... The valet key will only work on Doors and Trunk..the master key has a built in computer chip in it,that is reason it cost so muchyour valet key only locks your glove compartment and trunk...so the valet people can't break in
Go to your state's Dept. of Transportation or Motor Vehicles website for more info.Each state has different requirements for vehicle dealers. Check with your state motor vehicle office.
Increase its ability to flow air both in and out.. . With that many miles, cleaning the back side of the throttle plate will improve low speed response and fuel mileage.Bolt on power - your budget is your only limit.. Recommend exhaust mods - extractors and larger pipes, intake alterations - get the engine breathing better.. You could investigate the Turbo option.. Many companies offer aftermarket ECU's or piggyback plug-ins which alter performance with a driver switchable stage function.. Ask yourself  - what do you need out of it..... maybe its not really a suitable car for your needs. Investigate the costs, maybe a vehicle upgrade is a cheaper and more reliable option than modifications. Cost-effectiveness vs resale value.
well actualy if you want to know if the whole car is matching numbers then you need to look at more then just the vin and engine that would just tell if its the original engine, but the rear diferential has #s stamped on it ,the transmission has #s on it and outher parts also,ther are even diferent body panels with #s,you'r best bet would be to find a apraisor, i know it would cost you a lil cash but they will check all nessesary numbers and let you know how original it is.In most classics the VIN was stamped onto the car and onto the engine block.  I some older chevys, if you find one unmolested, you can find a "build sheet" under the rear seat.  Just remember, without a written guarentee, buyer beware!therre are a number of reference manuals available to check but the most telling is the engine number on the right side(as you sit in car)cylinder head mounting pad( just in front of where the cylinder head mates to the block) the first couple of numbers and letters are the engine type designation the last six are supposed to match the vin number of the car . if they dont it is not a numbers matching car.
Are you saying they are on all the time? If so you are either riding the brake peddle (foot is resting constantly on the brake) or the switch below that the peddle trips is out of adjustment or stuck in the on position.switch on the pedal stuck--under the dash, it's like a pushbutton--the pedal releases the button when you mash the brakesthe switch near the brake pedal has probably broken.Everyone else has addressed the most common cause of constant brake lights (brake switch) and I would check that first. If that isn't broke then you are looking at a short to ground somewhere before the switch causing the brake lights to be on all the time. I have only seen that once but it is a possibility.
You can, you will need interfaces and adaptors though. You can add a sub box/amp buy tapping into your speaker wires for example.b/c your wiring for your old stereo uses the amp while the wirng in the new one doesn't bypass the amp you have to either bypass the car amp manually, which is quite fun,not, or i know that they make a bypass harness for anything but you have to go to an audio shop to order one. and bose ain't that great.the reason is because there are amps already in your car and the radio puts out only a tiny amount of electric and the amps do the rest. If you were to hook a regular head unit to the inputs on the stock amps you would fry them instantly. it is possible to change the head unit but it is expensive and also a pain in the a$$ to get all the wiring out and new wires ran.
Because it costs the company who makes the keypads the same amount as if they didn't put them on there.  The same keypads are used in cash machines in grocery stores, malls, and other places blind people might use.  So why not just make them all the same if they cost the same amount of money?Not all atm's are drive up. But the machines are all the same.It's cheaper for the manufacturer to make them all the same.The same reason they put braille on the restroom doors in McDonald's!Braille is a code that blind people use. There are a lot of blind people in our society, so comes as an essential for these people. This way, they can still use the ATM's without asking anyone for help.The law makes them ...believe me if its not there, even at the drive in atm sombody would sue and win.I almost got in deep trouble with the po-po for walking up to a drive up ATM.. so IDK why blind men can..Possible reasons:. A blind man could walk up to the ATM. A blind man could be a passanger in a car. To keep from getting sued by a blind manAnswer: Lawyers...Lots of them.Some people walk up to the ATM.  It's some non-discrimination thing.In case a blind man decides to do a walk through?
For the blind guy riding in the back seat.  Duh!don't know since most blind folks don't drive, correct? that's a good one!!ATM manufactuers just use the standard key pads on all their machines.  Why have two different types of key pads to stock and track in the inventory when one will suffice?  I've heared this question asked many times.Thats one of the best questions and one of the scariest.. . Something to make you go HMMMMMM or Get off the sidewalks LOL
1) Pull the open end of the grip away from the handlebars. Stick a blow gun in the open end. Using the high pressure from an air commpresser, work the grip off.. 2) Stick a long screw driver in the open end and spray contact/brake cleaner.. 3) Cut them off.if you want to reuse them try warming them up with a hairdryer or warm water and ease them back with a flatbladed screwdriver and squirt a bit of washing up liquid,  detergent in to the gap. Then work them off.
I am not familiar with this tractor but should be same as any. Loosen one of the lines going to the injectors and turn the engine over until you get fuel then tighten. Might be necessary to do this to all of the injectors.Besides priming the injector lines, you may need to check the pump itself and see if there is a place to let the air out. Some pumps have two places, one on the bottom section and one on the top section. All the ones I have seen take a 5/16" wrench to loosen.
Hydrocarbons is what causes pollution.  That is what is emitted from the tailpipe of the car.Cars cause auto pollution.  You get rid of it by riding your bike.
Tighten the tensioner pulley.most serpentine belts on domestic cars have an auto tensioner you can't tighten the belt. if it is making noise then check your belt for cracks or it may have streatched past the point that the tensioner can adjust for. also check for bad bearing in the pulleys and pulley alignment
cuz it's a peice of fuckingg shite!Not being a gear head, I have no ideaspark plugs and wires! poss. dirty maf sensor. its not the 02.Timeing chain you need to leave up to the pros u ahve have to drop out a lot of shit in you car it slocated in side your block by the pistons and the o2 sencor is located on the exhaust system of you car or the manafold. If u need more help let me know message me nauticaboy69t@yahoo.comget rid now!!!!!!!. . . its time to buy a SEAT IBIZA CUPRA SPORT 2.00 GTI mk 2try your spark plug wires... I had a ford probe once that did the same thing, turned out one of the plug wires was coming loose while driving it... I replaced them and it drove fine after that...probably is O2 sensor autozone has the part and the tool reasonable price
You can try those flat nuts and use a thicker screw to bolt it.  If this contues you will have to put a bracket on it shaped like and LWithout more knowledge of the construction the only thing that comes to mind (other than checking you installed it properly) is to pack the kit out with foam (either pre-formed or DIY foam).. . The wobble suggests you do not have sufficient support though ... are you using the right kit for your vehicle or are you improvising?
Water pump. If the coolant isn't circulating through the system then the engine will overheat.You could put a colder thermostat in it.. Is the radiator actually suitable for the vehicle (big truck - big engine needs big radiator).. Add electric thermo fans.. Put extra oil in the viscous fan clutch.. Is it actually overheating or is the temperature guage too sensitive?. Possiblity of head cracks........ As previously mentioned is the water pump working efficiently?. Sounds like a wikid machine!your radiator is probably dirty or obstructed, try powerwashing it at the car wash or get a flush kit and put new fluid in it.
Some students charge a flat fee, some split the cost 50/50.  Work this out before you travel.It would be good to give the fellow student some money for gas and parking. You could also treat them to lunch and/or dinner and get to know each other and then you also get a friend out of the deal. Discuss it with them to see how they would like to work it out.i would simply offer him to pay for gas money and parking as well. . but the way car-pooling normally works is that, if you are going to be doing it for a while, you take turns driving each other and dont have to pay each other for anything.
Go to junkyard . Find car that is the same make and model as yours with manual cranks.. Take parts from that car. You'll need the crank mechanism inside the door and possibly the glass too since the mechanisms may be completely different.. You'll probably also want door panels if possible.. . Take your car door panel apart and remove all electrical stuff and replace.Why would you want to do that? Your window better be broke or something. I suggest getting a new car.The easiest way would be going to the junk yard and getting another ... cuz you will need a new door panel also anyways..
is that north or south of where ur starting from, usally u need to leave 2.5 hours to get there, now if traffic is really bad, just pack u a tent and leave the day before, it works for meTraffic will more than likely be horrible, especially in the Sepulveda Pass and at the 101/405. 5 PM sounds like a good time to leave.
Petrol engines have a throttle butterfly which restricts air flow into the engine and controls engine speed, the engine draws the air into the cylinders past this butterfly and this creates a vacuum due to the restriction not allowing enough air to enter the intake manifold during low engine speeds.. At high engine speeds with a wide open throttle there is no vacuum in the intake manifold as there is minimal restriction.. A diesel engine has no throttle butterfly or restriction to air flow, so NO vacuum is created in the intake manifold, this is due to a diesel engine's speed being controlled by the amount of diesel fuel entering the cylinder for a given amount of air. So a diesel engine requires an external vacuum pump to create the vacuum for operation of brake boosters etc.The crank/cam shaft does not make quite enough vacuum to operate the brake system. That is the need for vacuum pumpI drive a Volkswagen Golf diesel and its brakes are the same as gasoline cars.  Heavy trucks use air brakes due to the heavy loads that they stop.The brake system is independent of the engine. A vacuum boost just assists in the braking power. If you have a vacuum boost it will assist you in braking, if you don't have one it just means the car was light enough to not need one. It has nothing to do with the engine type.
There is a turn signal flasher that has gone bad.they definately sound brokenTail lights and parking lights have 2 filaments in them. If the bright filament burns out (which usually occurs first) the taillights will work but the blinkers will not flash. That is true for the taillights and the front parking lights. If bulbs are OK, it would be a bad socket (where the bulbs are plugged in to).The second brand new car I purchased was  Dodge Neon when they were pretty popular, and I always had problems with the lights...I do recall them having a Recall on my model and that taking care of it.because you have a dodge neonyou have a bad turn signal switch... . when the brakes are applied over the turn signals, the turn signal switch interrupts the brake light feed... in your case, it's interrupted at all times...
A couple of different things you could do.. Go to your Chevy dealership parts dept and ask to see thier book on it.. Go to the local library, they may have it.. Put an ad out on CL for someone else who has the same vehicle you do. Ask them to come by so you can take a look. Don't forget to offer a beer or two.I need to know if it is 2 barrel or 4, does transmission have a vaccum, distributor has vaccum advance, I can then answer your question.
Because the new beetles or so ugly, they need to put flowers on the dash to divert the attentionBecause its their car, so therefore they can do whatever they want with it.the cars actually have a pre-made vase, if you will, with fake flowers in them. maybe they forget to take them out, maybe they like them, or maybe they are just hippiesI had a "73 bug that I chopped into a "Baja Bug" when I was 16 (about 25 years ago). There were no flowers on the dash of that bad bug!. Had four daylighters on the roof though.They are known as Beetles /Bugs . goes with flowers .Comes with a place for flowers. So it is a trend.LOLOLOLO I always wondered the same thing its  sooooooooo UGLY!!!!! lololThey come with a flower holder.their the "new hippies"..whoopie lol
Bring The Car To Any Dodge Dealership And They Can Make The Correct Key By Using You Vin Number To Look Up What Your Car Will Require.Depending on the vehicle the key may come with a computer chip and a requires set up by a Chrysler dealer. If you have a standard non computer key most large hardware stores can duplicate without a code.go to a dealer and take your vin # unless the switch has been replaced they can make you one
This is due to the extremes in temperatures that the asphalt goes through on a daily basis. As the sun heats up the road the asphalt will expand and create these "stretchmarks". As the temperature drops the asphalt will contract closing the gaps. The roads are designed to do this at certain points in it's construction. If not, then the whole road will break up in huge sections and then you'll need a 4x4 to get to where you're going.if youre talking about the grooves on the side of the road it is to tell you when you are veering off the side of the road. Also... if someone knods off it could wake them up when you drive over them.Please explain or include a photo.... or should this have been filed under jokes?
You cannot usually see it since its payable only at maturity of the policy which may 25 years (or the maturity of your choice). As a quick calculation you can use Rs 50-75 per Rs 1000 of Insured amount (Sum Assured)You can collect a statement from any LIC branch. the statement will show you bonuses added to your policy.
Rpm stands for revolutions per minute. It would jerk because you would have bad gasoline in your tankrpm is the revolutions per minute of an engine. it is how many times the crank shaft turns 360 degrees in one minute.. a vehicle could jerk for any number of reasons, its unhappy, tired, hungry.. . do a tune up to it, adjust the timing if possible, and check the trannsmissionRevolutions Per Minute (That's of the crankshaft).  The car would jerk if you popped the clutch.Rotations per Minute.  When does the vehicle jerk; driving, braking?  Can you submit a question with a little more info?iamamidnitoker  is almost right on, except rpm's don't indicate 1 rotation of the crankshaft, but 1 full cycle of the 4 stroke engine. (Intake, Compression, Power, Exhaust) 1 full cycle of all 4 strokes is 1 revolution. Your vehicle could jerk for many reasons. If its a standard trans. letting the clutch out when the engine rpm's are too low, poor fuel delivery to the engine, engine timing out, not good spark to ignite the fuel etc.I think RPM stands for Rotations Per Minute
vw jetta diesel. 50mpg, 600 miles per tank sticker price of 9,999Toyota Prius (hybrid, but a little pricey if you buy new). . Hyundai Accent for non-hybridHybrids are only cheaper in the log run ( like after you drive 60,000 miles or more) because they cost more initially, so it depends on how long you keep the car & how much you drive. I think the best overall value to save gas is the Honda Civic.For a list of the cars that have the best fuel economy check out http://www.all-about-car-selection.com/fuel_economy.htmlMotorcyclesToyota?Try the Suzuki Swift or the new Smart car.Brand new Gas powered without being a hybrid - . Chevy Aveo or Toyota Echo. Both get close to 45 MPG. . Desiel Powered - . Volkswagen Jetta or Beatle. Both getting 50+MPG. . Hybrind Powered -. Prius or Civic. Getting 60+ MPG. . Just for fun. THE ALL TIME WORST VEHICLE IN GASS MILEAGE. . FORD EXCURSION  5 MPG City (if you were lucky)Daihatsu with 3 cylinder engineA hybrid.....
word of mouth, yellow pages, compare warranty's and rates. Be sure to use 3M Tint. Professional shop charges profession rates for a superior and legal job. If it's not legal there liable, get it in writing.Just buy the tint your self and do it! its simple!be sure that the tint is not illegal first. this depends on where you live. look into the places that install radios or places the install windshields or glass.
remove tire with tire machine, use valve stem tool to pull out old and insert new. inflate tire. :) or take it to a shop.Go to a tire shop, they'll do it for you, costs $5.00 or less.in theory it isn't all that difficult, in practice take it to a tire shop and let the people who have the equipment to do the job handle it.First you should remove the tire from the wheel, it makes it easier to get to. Remove the old valve stem from the wheel. The easist way to do this is to use a knife and cut the old valve stem off. Place the new valve stem inside the hole going from the inside of the wheel. Them simply pull the valve stem into place. You may need to use a pair of pliers to do this.remove tire from car. (or what not). let out all air. grab stem with plyers and pull. break down the tire ( this is tougher than expected most of the time) on site i use what i have . for exampel place a 2x4 or such on tire and drive up on it with a nother vehical. or use a jack on the tire close to the rim or spend the money on a tire hamer and have someone show you how to use it. when you have tire broke down push the bead away from the rim place new valve stem in hole and pull with plyers. becarefull or you will damage the stem. . if you try Good luckThe tire must be off the rim . The old one is pulled out with a valve stem remover tool and the new one is inserted. through the back and pulled in with the same tool.You take the tire to a place like Belle Tire. They fixed mine for free...
A lot of small cars don't have power steering. If the car is moving it should be easy to steer. This car should not weigh enough to need pS.Power steering really isn't necessary.I drove cars without power steering, and they steer ok. It just that people have become "soft". They need all the convienences to make living and doing things easier.Making power steering optional makes the car more inexpensive to buy. As the car is 9 years old, most likely not worth the expense of adding it now.the dx model is the lowest model for all honda cars. it dont have power locks or power windows, beside turning at slow speeds your power steering dont work any other times. plus look on the bright side, one lest thing to go wrong with itsome car makers did not put power steering on because it was less expinsive you probly have a base modal no power any thingnot enough room for the power steering on that carpower steering is an optional for some manufactures especialy in later 80s and 90s and u might not have bought one with that optionSomebody ordered the cheapest car possible.  And then you bought it.
I myself am one that likes to do installations myself.  With that, I would let a professional take care of it.  Unless you have a service manual with wiring diagram for your vehicle.If you let a pro do it, not very difficult. BUT - with newer Dodge products, if you have an ignition kill (they key has a large oval top and costs $75 to reproduce) the aftermarket keyless entry won't work with it.
you have to have a lawyer go to court and have it esponged off your record. phone book, yahoo yellow pages..try contacting a magazine in the uk called truck and driver. they helped a driver get off with a rta when a car went under his trailer. turns out the car driver was at fault for the accident but the police wanted to do him for it. worth a shot bud.I would get with OOIDA!
Some aggressive drivers drive that way to take out their frustrations from jobs and personal life. Another large segment drives aggressively out of a misguided sense of competition. And some of the aggressive driving can be attributed to society norms.It USED to be that people could exibit their REAL personality behind the wheel without fear of retribution. These days, it's best to keep yourself under control, what with armed and dangerous nut cases runnung around looking for ANY excuse to attack.Because they're road possesive, nuts, and in a hurry. Just ignore them. If they still go after you, out of anger, aim for their gas tank or radiator.i dunno y people r so aggressive i guess they think goin faster is better. im not sure but i think stop firing when they stop movin b/c if u empty the entire mag then it would cost a lot if there r more than one person which u know there will be so it would save ya a little money but when ur in jail then it wont matter so ur choice . have a nice dayReport all such bad drivers to the Highway Patrol or police.  If necessary, carry a high powered rifle with scope (preferably an SKS with hard nosed bullets), especially for big 18 wheelers who want to run you off the road.  Aim for the cab when caught between a rock & a hard place & just give it to the driver who's trying to ram you or drive you off the road.  If I had my druthers, I'd also carry a spare bolt action 300 H & H magnum rifle so I could blast that sucker.  The bullet would go from one end of the 18 wheeler to the other.  Write or e-mail lawmakers for tougher laws against speeding & running people off the road.  Get other people to sign petitions with you.  There is strength in numbers.because people drive in the left hand lane without passing other people. rule of thumb no matter how fast you are going, if someone is behind you move over and let them pass.not everyone is aggressive behind the wheel. its normally just the stressed out peopleI think it's because no one cares about their fellow man anymore.  The idea isn't to help someone to get to their location safely, it's to hinder them as much as possible.  People want to drive 5-10 miles under the speed limit and not get out of your way when you want to pass, until you actually start to pass, then it's their job to speed up and get in your way again.. . It's either human nature or it's because everyone is brain dead due to radiation all the ^(*^&*% cell phones are zapping into their heads while they're driving.. . If they're on a cell phone...definately empty the entire magazine into their brain pan.
Make sure all the door jam switches are getting pushed in all the way. Open each door one by one and push the switch and see if the light turns off. . . Other than that, have you checked to make sure that your panel dim switch isn't all the way down(meaning make sure the panel lights aren't at their brightest).Here is a picture of the door jam switch: http://www.rockauto.com/ref/Motorcraft/Detail.html?SW5195.jpg . . On some cars closing the door pushes the button on the switch into a rubber bumper. Over time that rubber bumper gets a permanent dimple in it and no longer pushes the button in when the door closes so the lights stay on.  Sometimes the rubber bumper can be pulled out and reinserted backwards to solve the problem or with a dab of silicone to fill in the dimple.Could be the door switch also it may be that the headlight switch is turned too far to the left (it should rotate to set the brightness of your dash lights) Or is there a switch at the base or on either side of the the dome light its self?  All those should be looked at first.Get a Toyota Truck...Or maybe it is mechanically stuck.Sounds like teh relay is broken, or not making a firm connection.
Because the plan will be too heavy...Obviously asked by someone who has never lifted a flight data recorder.  They are literally built to be bullet proof.  If a Boeing 777 were built to that standard I would guess it could weigh as much as a small Navy vessel.i guess because the plane wouldn't be able to fly if it is made of the same material as the black box's.. . i've asked the same question myself before.It's probably too heavy to build the whole plane out of it, it won't fly.Too heavy and you need very powerful engines to fly the plane hence very huge fuel consumption,not economical to maintenanceEven if the plane can made out of that material, and even if it's able to fly with that weight. I'm pretty sure if it crashes, all the passengers are still going to die. Because the plane could be totally in-shape after the crash, but the passengers inside the plane will suffer all kinds of concussions INSIDE that plane. And that has NOTHING to do with the body strength of the plane itself, because passengers would still fly around inside the plane and smash at each other with their momentum. If they're wearing seatbelts, they might all get torn in half, since they still have the tendancy to move forward even if the plane stops. Sorry it sounds kind of scary, but it's true. Haha.The plane will be too heavy and too expensive.I've heard fifteen other COMEDIANS ask the same thing. You're all funny people...A black box has several different layers that prevent damage from impact and fire to teh rocorder, but like everybody else says, that would be way to expensive and way to heavy to fly. An airplane has to overcome witght with life and thrust to fly, and it would be way too uneconomical to do that. In aviation they build planes as light at practicable.
By law... Slower traffic keep right.... . Merging traffic usually occurs on the right side, so the traffic also needs to be slower on that side to let in and out traffic.because it is called the slow laneBecause a long time ago it was illeagl to pass on the right.. So faster trafic always pasted on the left, making it the. fast lane.. and because of entering and exiting trafic.Because it is the law, "slower traffic keep right" and people merge into the right lane.Because if some idiot comes up the off ramp you have to be ready to avoid them.Slower cars are to stay on the right so faster cars can pass on the left.That's why it's called the slow lane? Used to enter/exit get up to speed!!~:()=
Volvo's aren't the only ones.  Many cars are manufactured this way for safety reasons.  Statistically, they're involved in less accidents.Safety...it makes the vehicle more noticeable. It's not just Volvos either.there like that by GM safetyIt is a Swedish thing they are  very strict on road safety. I used to drive Saab's they had daylights too. I think daylights are a tremendous idea and I am very surprised that they have not been made compulsory in all countries.in Sweden it is the law. All cars must keep their lights on at all timesNot al volvo's have this though, on most volvo's there is a way to disable it (a small switch somewhere)volvo started the trend to increase safety during the daytimethey are called daytime running lights and it is for safety. thats why motorcycles have their lights on all the timemaybe they have those light sensitive ones,where it can tell if its dark or overcast the lights come on!volvo are the safest built cars in the worlddrive lights a lot of cars have specific 'daytime' or drive lights but volvos use the same.. mine does too and i drive a chevy malibu.. it annoys me and im driving the thing!! haha
I would check the "Coolant Level Sensor" first if the cooling system is full of anti-freeze and it is not overheating or showing any signs of leaking! If the sensor has gone bad it will turn the "Low Coolant Light" on, but the system will remain full and functional.Have you tried flushing the system?  Also, check your thermostat.  Get youself either a Chilton book or Haynes book for your make/model/year.. . Most Auto part chains carry these books or you can usually get them at the larger bookstores.  If they don't have it they can certainly order what you need.. . These books give you step by step instructions, with illustrations, on just about everything you can do/replace on your car.Don't forget to bleed the coolant system. There are two bleed valves (small brass fittings near upper hose housing and black fitting near water pump) read manual. near on this engine if V6 and I believe one for the 4cyl. If not bled, it will cause the engine light to come on due to an air bubble in the system and could cause overheating.if your coolant pump is leaking on that engine, you will see a long track on the hood liner. The pmp is behnd the pulley on the top front of the engine. Just remove the serp belt and the pulley (4 bolts), and there is 6 or 7 8mm bolts on the pump. Pretty simple operation.
check with your dealer. or you can probably go to the manufacturer's website or contact the manufacturer. some cars even say if they are compatible on them.Pour it in there and find out
do you mean the ignition lock cyl?take apart the column then below the key cylinder there is a button put your key in press the button then the cylinder will fall outThe steering wheel does not have to be removed on the 1998 s-10 take off the top and bottom molding you will need a e 4 torx bit to remove the bolts that hold the swich in . This is a difficult job for a do it your selfer might consider a repair shop .
Your right its not because of the president....but you know what everyone may not believe in our troops being over there but it sure has kept the SOB's from coming over here Bush is only human stop and ask yourself what would you do? Its not that easy..... He has to make decisions that effect the US and that's alot of pressure, i give him props for all he does and you cant say he hasn't done some good for us, If we would have just minded our business after 9/11 this would have been 200% worse, we may have not even been here...Think about it............When the hurricanes hit they completely knocked out all or most of the gulfs oil rigs.The question you should be asking is how come gasoline is so CHEAP!. . We spend very little for gasoline compared to the other fluids we purchase. . Do realize that we pay.... coffee at starbucks ($40/gallon) . beer ($20/gallon). paint ($15/gallon) . cooking oil ($12/gallon). gatorade ($6/gallon) . soda ($3/gallon). Milk ($2.86/gallon). Orange Juice ($2.75/gallon). Bottled Water ($2/gallon). . Gas at $2.89/gallon is cheap compared to what they pay in Europe, we've got all these other fluids that cost more than gasoline, is gasoline worth so much less to people than these other fluids.president bushSummer months on the way.The government says it is because of the oil refineries not totally up and running following the hurricanes...  I don't believe it though.. . I find the timing funny.  Prices were dropping, they'd predicted no increases this summer for a change.  Then President Bush didn't get his way with the whole port sale and prices started skyrocketing.  That's my opinion.Yep - let's all blame it on Prseident Bush.  He has a personal hot line to all the oil companies.. . How about supply and demand???. . They have it and we need it.  Has anyone noticed that when the media starts talking about the price of gas going up.....it does.  I guess the media just knows everything right?  Or do the oil companies take advantage of the media and have the outlook that "at least we will expect it now" and raise it just because they can?Didn't you hear we are addicted to OilGas or rather petroleum is a natural resource. It is not found in plentiful on the earth's surface as a result of which it is in the hands of a few countries namely O.P.E.C who regulate the price. In today's world with the number of cars (especially guzzlers like SUVs & MUVs) zooming up the demand of petroleum is sky rocketing. As the increased demand can not be made by the supplier the result is the shortage in petroleum products & price migrating northwards. Some countries like China, India, U.S.A with large energy requirements are generating further by competition in energy buying which is further increasing the price of petroleum products. Apart from this many Governments put taxes on petroleum which also increase the end price.The price of gas should be illegal. Last quarter was exon/mobils most profitable. What's up with that.because we are willing to pay whatever price they set and the oil companies know that and are greedy.  I would like to see everyone in the united states not buy gas for one day.  That would make a statement.  But alas, we won't do that.B-cuz of bush. why else?Because the gas companies want more money.bcz u cant live with out it and u cant produce it artificially in a economical way nor   sufficient quantity of it is produced by god(nature)LOL There area a lot of conspiracy theories here and little knowledge.. 1. Out of fuel by 2015? Preposterous, where did you all get this stuff?. 2. Brand name bottled water costs more per gallon than fuel so is it really that expensive?. 3. Fuel is cheap in the USA compared to most countries.the World does not have an infinite supply of oil, even if we conserve estimates say the world will be completely out of gas by 2015.. . The price will never go down substantially.. . Hope you have an efficient car.Its because one country on this planet uses a lot of it ,. goes to war with other countries to get more of it ,Drives large cars and will not enter into international agreements on Greenhouse gas emmissions
This is not a job you should be doing if you do not have any manuals or experience. Sounds like you lack both. SorryHere it is.. Rocker arms to 20 ft lbs.Head bolts to 65 ft lbs.Torque head bolts in three steps,15-20-30.
Couple of reasons,  there isn't the demand as stated in some of the other responses (thank GM in the 70's with bad diesels leaving a bad taste in the US comsumer's mouth).  Also, the higher levels of sulphur in the US diesel (lower requirements for refining) means that all things being equal, a diesel version of the same vehicle usually puts out 100x or more particulate emissions than a gasoline version of the same vehicle and therefore can't often meet the high standards for emissions in states like California, New York and others that have very stringent emissions limits.  Hope this helps.. . Kenthe us government has its money invested in gasoline so why do you think hybrids are just starting to come out, because bush just invested in a hybrid companylow demand and our diesel fuel has way too much sulfur in itNot enough demand in the U.S.(except commercial vehicles)  Australia gets them. Asia , Europe & Africa get them.
Try using 3M's Super 77 spray adhesive, it works great.  You can find it at a good auto parts supply store, art or office supply store, or the link below:"Luminous" uses the same product I was going to mention. Only problem is if your backing still has foam residue, it will not hold for long. Many fabric stores sell new headliner material in similiar factory colors and it would be worth the effort and money to do it right with new material if you plan on keeping the car. The 3M stuff will work great for the time being though!!!contact Erlewine Guitars- He is an expert on vintage repairs. I am a guitar collector myself and I bought the book "Guitar Player Repair Guide". It is very useful. Also, you can net up and search out "luthiers" . 'guitar repair" or similar sites. good luck
It's surprising everyone forgot to tell the most obvious point you have remember when checking the engine oil level - you have to measure it when the engine is hot and not when it is cold. Run the car for a couple of miles, stop it on a level ground - get safety gloves(dont burn yourself), pull out dipstick-if the oil mark is between the two lines, no problem-if it lower than the mark nearer to the dipstick tip, then u need a top up. If oil is black and grimy - change oil.Use the dip stick. Check on a level surface. Not on a driveway or slope. Pull out the dip stick wipe it with a paper towel and put it back into the engine and pull it back out without dragging up the sides. there usually are marks on the stick letting you know the oil level.Beckihrh  summed it all up-exactly what was said and ur good to go!Take the dipstick out of the oil fill tube located in the engine (position may vary by model or location in the engine). Wipe the oil off and place it back in. Take the dipstick back out and check the oil level. You should have no trouble looking at the notched levels on the dipstick. One more thing, the car should be on an evenly-level surface. I meant a flat surface. I hope this helps.take the stick out,wipe it off, stick it back in the oil,pull it out and readTry useing the oil level dipstick, dipstick. Just kidding LOL.............warm the engine up.  cut it off and alot to sit for a minut.  Pull the dip stick out, wipe and reinstall.  Pull the dipstick out again, make note of the level, wipe and reinstall.If you have an oil leak and it quits, you need oil.First of all, you obviously need to be parked on a flat level surface, with the engine running. A lot of people make the mistake of always checking it with the engine off, and although usually this doesn't hurt anything, sometimes it is just that little difference of too much or too little that can cause complications in engine performance. Now that you have done that, pop the hood open (lol, some people need the instructions), and pull out the oil dipstick. Wipe it clean with a rag and re-insert all the way (lol perverts!) Pull it back out, and wa-la, correct oil level reading. Not so hard.Most cars come with a dipstick. On the dip stick it should have the levels high, low etc. Now if your oil is not brown like honey it needs to change
call the leasing office.Go to a lawyer and discuss it, he will tell you all the steps, and things that you have to do.You need to assume the lease, with the leasing company. (that means you have to qualify credit wise to put it into your name) The other alternative is for your sister to have the car registered in her name in your new state of residence.
It might be the tie rod is worn and about ready to fall apart.  At the very least your tire will wear unevenly; at the worst you could end up dead.  You better get to a mechanic as soon as possible. Although if it's new, that's unlikely... maybe they left out a few bolts when it was assembled.  Get it to the mechanic anyway.bearing is going out-  I'm willing to bet fifty bucks!Maybe a sway bar end. Take it back for inspection. Don't trust me!It could be the axle. I would take it back to the dealer especially if it's still under warrentyIt could ba a number of things.. . Check your Power Steering Fluid level.. . Check your steering links for corrosion, wear and lack of lubrication.. . Could be Wheel Bearing problems.. . Could be your suspension system (Shocks, struts)and/or loose links.. . When you turn the wheel, it could be hitting something.
I have three for sale. What specifications are you looking for? I have a 680 foot T-2 Tanker with functioning bunker oil boiler and two 14000 watt gens. I also have two diesel/electric Faulkner's one is a 1976 re-surface, 630 foot, and the other one was built in 1984 by the Croes Ship yard.WHAT.....ARE YOU CRAZY  AN OIL TANKER? why not buy a yhatt that has everything you need in it? in a yahtt you can have everything from a fireplace a swiming pool shower a nice bead.....etc so why not buy one of these because even if you have all the money in the world you cant buy an oil tanker  because you need a licence to drive this HUGE HUNK OF METAL and did i not mention it can be 30-65 FEET LONG AND 25-37 FEET WIDE so i dont know where you will park it. any way just go with a yahtt!!!!!!!!!!!!!  because it is less cheap an oil tanker can cost up to a billion dolars!!!hmm....well, go take your money to the oil tanker store, pick one out you like, and hand the money to the cashier, and take the keys....and drive away....or i guess its sail away ehEven if you bought a tanker, the government and shipping monopolies would prevent you from using it. Remember John DeLorean, who built the stainless steel cars in direct competition with the ruling automakers? They shut him down by putting about 20 pounds of cocaine in his trunk and then telling the pigs about it. Result---No more competition.Why not buy a fishing boat? At least in wont be all nasty with oil just nasty fish...lolhave lots of money, anything can be done with enough moneyyou could by an oil fieldgoogle oil tankers, or purchasing oil tankers... or something like that...... its gonna be ALOT of money.... i mean in the high millions, mabey even low billions.....
I believe that it's the difference of temperature between the glass in the windshield and the air surrounding it.it's called condensation..  when there is moisture in the are and it cools down the air can not hold all the water in it.. so it will turn into fog on windows..Your windshield is colder than the outside air, and colder air cannot contain as much water (humidity) as warmer air. Therefore, it condenses and gets the glass foggy.It is because the moisture present in the air inside the car, when comes in contact with the windshield, precipitates and forms a fine layer of miniscule drops that make the windshield foggy.When the hot moist Air hits the cold windshield, the air cools and thus can't hold as much moisture, so it deposits it on the windshield.Because inside the car is humidity and the window is cold so the humidity becomes water when gets colderIT IS CALLED CONDENSATION. BASICALLY HOT AIR AND A COLD SURFACE MEET AND CONDENSATE. THAT IS THE SAME PRINCIPAL APPLIED TO WHY THUNDERSTORMS HAPPEN. COLD AIR MEETS HOT AIR .i think it's the same reason y soda cans get wet when u put them on the counter fresh from the fridge.  but, i do not know the reason except that it has sumthin 2 do with difference in temp.  i also know that i like coke.  and 7up.  and lemonade, but that's not soda.  i don't like root beer.  now i remember! it's called condensation.  it's when the air like does the opposite of evaporate or something.  oh yeah!  it goes from air to liquid when the temp changes!Warm air, with all its molecules moving around more quickly, is less dense than cold air, and can hold more moisture. There's a lot of moisture inside your car from your breath, so  when that air hits the cold windshield, the moisture condenses out. That's why turning on the cold, but very dry, A/C makes the fog go away, and why you don't get it when it's hot out, unless it's really, really humid...like in a rainstorm.Pretty much what she said. It is the change in temperature  of the outside of the vehicle to the inside of the vehicle. Also, the humidity of the air (such as rain or snow) will make your windows fog up if you do not have the heat on in your vehicle. Breathing in a cold vehicle can also cause your windows to fog up.tattoo's right... it's due to the air outside being cold, and the air inside being warmed up by you being in it!  Open the windows, put the cold air on, and it equalizes the air temps, thus fog disappears! tada ! magicthe difference in the temperatures between the hot inside of the window and the cold outside causes water vapor to condense forming a fog on the windshieldBeacuse of the humidity.. Inside of car a bit warmer than outside environment, no air movement so fogs form.The windshield is chilled by the cold air outside, especially while driving.  Since the air inside the car gradually becomes more and more humid due to the driver's and passengers' breaths releasing water into the air, the water condenses onto the windshield making it foggy.body temp.. . . . . and because your girlfriend farts quietly - then denies it
You may have an electrical problem. Could also be a fuse issue. Go to a auto shop to get it checked out.U just need a new carThe problem will be with the tailgate earth you will have to make a new one also clean all electical connections in boot. as someone else said it could be the fuse box but that was mainly a problem on earlier modals and affected the car far more than a fog light. it will be the earth tho.get over it buy a new car
Take the Aveo, for example, it's similar to a rebadged Daewoo Kalos, which is sold overseas. It's the only Daewoo car with Chevrolet badging. Does that answer your question?Because Chevrolet bought Daewoo. Chevrolet didn't have the time to change the names and the shape of some models.because chevrolet have bought out daewooDaewoo is owned by GM.  Since they don't have any good small car designs, they just decided to rebadge Daewoo to try to fool the chevy diehard to buy them.  My suggestion: don't buy GM cars if you have to, buy their trucks instead which is far more reliable and dependable.
Tennessee used the system of the biggest co. got the smallest number and the smallest co. got the largest number. They no longer use that system, they just use random numbers.Depends on your state.yeah - we would need to know the state to break it down for you - search google for your state's DMV website -should be there.  Good Luck
The most probable cause of water pump failure is a leaking shaft seal. If you look closely at a new water pump at the auto parts store, you'll see a small weep hole directly underneath the housing where the shaft exits through the seal in the front of the pump. That hole is there to let any coolant that leaks past the seal drain to the ground under the car if the seal were ever to fail. Typically, when a water pump seal first starts to leak, you'll notice some coolant dripping on the ground under the pump when you shut a hot engine down. That's because the coolant temperature and pressure tends to rise once you've stopped moving along the highway and then the coolant fan finally turns off after engine shut down. When the engine's cool, you can look up under the water pump at the weep hole and see tell-tale signs of coolant having leaked from the hole because it leaves a white residue around the hole. Eventually when the seal deteriorates enough, volumes of coolant can come dumping out of the weep hole and you've waited too long to replace the pump.. Another water pump failure mode is when the pump vanes internal to the pump are partially digested by corrosion in the cooling system and the pump cannot pump enough coolant around the cooling system at road speeds to keep up with the heat load. Then the temperature gage will rise eventually into the overheat range while your driving along the highway. Of course other cooling system failures can produce the same symptoms, such as a plugged radiator or bad thermostat. Many times water pumps are replaced when a timing belt or chain is replaced to save labor costs if the pump were to fail soon after the belt or chain is replaced.MOST WATER PUMPS ARE IN THE FAN SO JUST LOOK BEHIND THE FAN AND YOU WILL SEE IT LEAKING,ALSO LOOK ON THE GROUND UNDER THE CAR JUST BELOW THE FAN. AFTER A WHILE YOU WILL HERE IT AND THEN YOUR CAR OVERHEATSIs it leaking? Is coolant moving through the system?If you have a temp gauge on your dashboard, then that will tell you. Otherwise, you may hear some "bubbling" noises under the hood. Bubbling noises that would otherwise sound like water boiling in a pan on the stove.with the engine COLD put a coolant tester on the radiator, basically it is a pump to pressurize the cooling system. Most systems operate at 15 psi, pump it to 15 psi and wait for a pressure drop, if there is a drop in pressure, you will see fluid comming out of that area.water will be leaking and ur temp gauge will go up and then will overheatMost water pumps have a small hole in the casting directly above or (more common) below where the input shaft runs through the water pump. This hole in the casting is called a weep hole. A small amount of anti-freeze may be seen leaking from this weep hole. If it is the pump is bad. Water pumps may also squeek or chader (audio noise). The easiest way to find this type of failure is to remove the water pump drive belt and turn the water pump by hand to see if the water pump bearing turns freely. A water pump should turn with very little resistance and very smoothly.
It can caouse accdeints??. . (plzz rate as best answer)not illegal every where just where posted. the reason is that most cars will end up crossing 2 lanes of traffic and going really slow.  The most places it is illegal is because the person making the u turn will not be able to perform the turn with out slowing and causing oncoming traffic to dodge, and it is in an area where there is a lot of traffic moving at fairly high speedu can crash. There have been trafic jams. And its the lawU turns are not illegal unless you do them at a no u turn intersection or while a light is red. Who ever told you that all u turns are illegal is a retard.
you cant make the muffler louder!stick out your head out of your window when you drive and go "vroom vroom" in a really loud voice.  make sure you stop doing this when you shut off the engine or you will look really stupid.cut holes in the muffler, or cut the muffler offwhy do you kids make your  car sound like my fart?Small penis?
You can buy fabric patches for these kinds of things pretty cheap anywhere, auto stores, wal-mart, sewing stores. And probably will only cost ya about 5-10 bucks.You can get the seat recovered. There are company's who specialise in that.
look at the last 4 didgets in the VIN munber generally that is the production #I think like rusty, the last 4 digits in the Vin# are regular production numbers!!~:()=Actually, unfortunately, the VIN won't tell you which one it is.  The last 6 digits of the VIN tell you the sequence number for ALL Monte Carlos made for that series.  What you'll need to do is get with a Monte Carlo car club and have them verify the VIN to tell you the sequence based on their own VIN numbers.  You may also be able to contact GM for assistance--for special edition cars you'll usually find that manufacturers are more willing to assist you.use the vin number
well back in the day, drivers of stage coaches would pull to the right of the oncoming stage coach so they could observe the wheels on their respective coaches (the drivers sat on the left side of the coaches) as they passed one another. that way they could avoid hitting one another and as the automobile came into play (the horseless carriage) the driver side was put on the left side out of habit as stated above to observe those wheels. that's why we Americans drive on the right side of the road.because it wanted to fit in with canada n mexico...and guatemala... brazil, argentina, ddduhh its like ywo whole continentsBecause if I drove on the left side, I might cause a head-on crash!It is the correct way.  The European way is the totally messed up way, but they are always drunk so it makes sense.Because that is the law.It's kind of like playing the game of chicken, every time another car passes you going the opposite direction, without having to be in the same lane. LOLbecause it's the "right" thing to do! . muahahahhahRead Dr. J and replace "might" for WILL. Try it yourself if you don't believe us.America wanted to be different.
Generally because the left shoulder on a divided highway is always paved, and the right shoulder may not be. An unpaved shoulder is called a 'soft shoulder'.because they are not always paved so it is hard to control you car on it because of holes and what not also if a person has to use it they are normally going at a high rate of speed so that makes it even hardermaybe because there is normally a concrete slab as a divider..
The compressed nitrogen is used to ensure the X dimension is within limits for a particular strut.  Since the hydraulic fluid doesn't compress the nitrogen keeps the strut from bottoming out.The "gas" is really nitrogen and is compressible.  When the aircraft lands it acts as a "spring" and allows a similar motion like that of a suspension in an automobile.  It works as an absorption because aircraft landing gear do not have springs or a mechanical means to return it to a neutral state.. . It is also used to raise and lower the aircraft during inspections when the landing gear must be checked without jacking the aircraft.
If the car has an automatic transmission, put it in neutral, and carefully stop using the parking brake.  Pull off to the side of the road.  If the car has a manual transmission, downshift, and use the engine to slow the car.  Stop using the parking brake.Use the emergency brake, and look for a safe place to head, if you are in a lot of traffic.scream as loud as you can "help me" or "jump out the window".if u r driving and suddenly, brakes go out, then try to pull hand-brake, otherwise shift down will also help u slowing down ur car.Turn the ignition off but whatever you do don't take the key out as the steering will lock! The car will eventually slow down.Automatic or standard? In an automatic try your parking brake, if it doesn't work get to the shoulder of the road let the car slow as much as possible and turn off the key with the car in gear; depending on your speed you may shread your tranny, but your car should stop. In a manual, downshift until the cars slows, use your parking brake and if the parking brake doesn't work, push in the clutch, turn off the key, put the tranny in gear and slowly release the clutch, the car will stop.yell oh sh*t, oh sh*t until the car stops. that's what i would do.  seriously when my brakes went out i was just trying to find a clear path so i didnt hit anything while i pumped the brakes like a mad man and downshifted the trans. (lost brakes on the highway pinhole in front brake line)Get them fixed before you drive it again.PRAY!!!!get them fixed...in the mean time and only a small amount of time use your emergency breaksActually this happened to my brother a wheel off of a semi flew off and smashed the front of the vehicle he was driving crushing the brake cylinder so he down shifted and pushed the emergency brake while pulling over to the side of the road. It was almost worst because the cars in front of him saw what happened and were slowing down and didn't realize he didn't have brakes. If it ever happens you should also put your emergency flashers on.Depends on the situation and location.  If you mean while driving down a local street, try pumping the brakes, let off the gas, shift into a lower gear, use the emergency brake, use the curb to help slow down.  Last choice, find something to hit, that will be the least damaging to life and then the car.  This could include putting the car into reverse.  A destroyed transmission or car is better than losing a life.
Air freshner foot strawberryBlack Furry Dice , what else?I have a purple dreamcatcher and a fluffy feathery wristband wrapped around the top. Oh and 1 car freshener, purple, lavender!Nothing!!  It can be a distraction.
wrong section for this question. motor heads dont care.Because of Bush!!!! *flipping him off*Because women are not equally represented in any government in the world and until they understand that and people (men and women both) decide to do something about it there will always be an unbalance and therefore a struggle for power and control amongst men.  Women have an ability to balance things that men have always fought each other over; land, money, hunting grounds, women, etc.  About that, if men would start realizing that women are not property to be fought over, traded, raped and bought, there would be a heck of a lot less to fight each other about. Except maybe who gets the last beer in the case.
Take it out of the car, add some CLR & hot water let it soak, rinse and repeat.  Or just get another one from the junkyard!Take it out and run lots of high-pressure water through it backward (bottom to top). You may have to use a radiator flush to soften whatever's clogging it up. If this doesn't work, a radiator shop can possibly clean it out, but it may be cheaper to replace it.do you mean clogged. If so you need to drain and flush the cooling system. You can get a kit to do it yourself at most auto part stores.Are you referring to the outside of the radiator - the fins? they usually clog with grass seeds or bugs. If you remove the radiator and gently bang it on the ground much rubbish can be dislodged, the use of compressed air can dislodge most of the remainder, blow it from both sides. You can attempt this while its still in the vehicle but its not as effective.. If your talking about rubbish caught inside the radiator (the tubes) then removing the radiator and "back flushing" it with water and forcing compressed air through it can clear some blockages but its usually time for the tanks to be removed by a professional and the core "wired".. If its only "mayo" (an oil/water combination) which is blocking the radiator due to a head gasket or other failure then kerosene and water run through the cooling system can break this doiwn but its a messy job.
there are a few springs on the carb depends on which one popped off each spring has it own function some keepthings open some keep em closed if it was with the throttle cable then it probly kept the gas at a steady idle so it pushes ouout ward so it will go back on where it came off sometimes it means somthing is messed up on the carb if it came off cuz most springs go back on the same place the came off pretty easy just try to refer to a motorized bike hand book and or owners manuel. best of luck to you?
Go to http://www.mycarstats.com and see what other owners of your year and model car have complaints about. Sometimes there will be manufacturer's recalls and Technical Service Bulletins (TSB) published by the car manufacturer. Also check:. http://www-odi.nhtsa.dot.gov/home.cfm.... If you find that it is a common problem on your vehicle, then it might be better to take the car to a dealer to repair it, because they'll already know what needs to be done and may help pay for some of the cost in some cases.If you hear a knocking sound when you turn your wheels all the way to one side, then it's possible your CV joints are going bad.. . Explain the problem more for a better answer.BAll Joints are famous for this, if not ignore it. When the lower or uppper control arm comes off youll know. Check and make sure upper control arm adjuster cam bolts are tight and not moving.Not real familiar with this Truck. IF, it a 4-wheel drive, it your Front Drive Axles (CV Axles). Most times is the Outer Universal Joints. Jack it up, put on jack stands and grab the Axles and see which one act loose. May have someone turn the wheels as you try to move the Axles.more than likely a "half shaft" aslo called a "CV axle". . . BUT this depends on if it is 4WD or RWD. Im gussing it is a 4WD but not sure. If it is a RWD then it could be the ball joints.. . Hope this helpedYou need ball joints.
Same here, they don't make it, they get a oil vendor to make it.... Though I wouldn't put hydrocracked castrol syntec in the synthetic category (they won the lawsuit to sell it as a syn), mobil one, amsoil, redline, royal purple are all good synthetic oils to use....any 4 stroke oil will do. Yamalube is just more expensive because of the name.Yamalube is a synthetic motor oil, same as Castrol Syntech Amsoil or any other synthetic brand. The only difference is that Yamaha had one of the company's put it in a bottle with their name on it!
Look on your tires. You'll see numbers like 185/16R14 or 195/65R15.. . (Don't you wish people would read the whole question...). The size of the hub caps you need is based on the number after the R. So if it was R14, that means you have 14" rims and you'll need 14" hubcaps, If it's R15, that means you have 15" rims and you'll need 15" hubcaps, etc...Owners manual. Sidewall of tire. Any good tire dealer. Nizwa's suggested websiteIf you need hub caps the measure the diameter of the rim. If you need new tires the size should be writen on the sidewall. ie (185/60-14)Look on the side wall of the tire.this will answar your question. http://www.tirechain.com/images/tire-size.jpg
It bond with moisture to help it move on thru the system, without damaging the engine. However it only will help with very small amounts of water. If a large quantity of water has gotten into the tank, you will probably have to drain it and let it dry before refilling. All gas will have some water in it. Most gas has additives to do the same thing as fuel line antifreeze.How much water are you talking about?  If someone has put water in your tank, you might have to drop the tank and remove the water.  On some cars you can enter the tank thru the vent line, and pump the water out.  In some cases, the water might have entered your exhaust system.  Which means you have to open your exhaust sys to warm the engine to operating temperature.  Once the car is running you can then reconnect your exhaust and blow the water out of it.. . Good Luckif the car is running roughly at low fuel levels, it's more likely due to sediment in the tank than water.  the easy answer would be to stop letting your tank get that low (this goes for any car), but you'll still have to deal with the bad fuel pump issue sooner or later.  i recommend running some fuel system cleaner and a little bit of alcohol through your next 4 or 5 fuel tanks.  hopefully this can clean your pump out enough that you won't have to worry about it until you get rid of the car!Antifreeze will not remove water from your gas tank, it does boost octane and help the car run while the water in your tank is used up as you drive.
CALL J.B. HUNT TRUCKING. THEY OFFER TRAINING,HELP WITH LEGALS DOT PHYSICALS AND JOB PLACEMENT. GOOD LUCK SOILDER !Here it is:. It's good that you have internet access. The best way to get yourself into a driving position is to make the industry do all of the work for you. This is especially true since you have such a high demand for truck drivers. There is no reason to go to contact a whole bunch of truck driving schools to get your class a cdl. Just let someone do all of the legwork for you who has access to hundreds of trucking companies at their disposal.. . Many times trucking companies will pay for your school for you so that you don't have to shell out all of that cash to get your class a cdl. This is a route that many people take.. . Here is a list of trucking schools in California: . http://www.bigrigjobs.com/Truck_Driver_Resources/Truck_Driving_School/CA.html. . Here is a resource for finding truck driving jobs in California: . http://www.bigrigjobs.com/Local_Trucking_Jobs/CA.html. . Here is an application to fill out so that you can apply for a truck driver job. These people will match your criteria to the trucking company who is hiring people like you. This way you won't waste a whole bunch of time filling out tons of applications and talking to bunches of recruiters. Just fill out the application honestly and they'll match your wants to trucking company needs.. http://www.bigrigjobs.com/Truck_Driving_Jobs/Truck_Driver_Application.htmlTo apply for a commercial permit, you will need to:. . - Visit a DMV office (make an appointment for faster service) . - Complete application form DL 44 (An original DL 44 form must be submitted. Copies will not be accepted.) . - Give a thumb print . - Have your picture taken . - Provide verification of your social security number. It will be verified with the Social Security Administration while you are in the office. . - Verify your birth date and legal presence (you may use your California driver license) . - Pay the application fee for a 5-year license . - Pass a vision exam . - Submit a completed Medical Examination Report form DL 51 (A legible photocopy of the completed DL51 is acceptable.). Effective October 1, 2004, DMV will accept only a Medical Examination Report (DL 51) with a revision date of 2/2004 or later, or a current medical form (containing the new blood pressure guidelines) approved by the Federal Highway Administration or the Federal Aviation Administration. . - Pass the traffic laws and sign tests for the class of vehicle you will drive. You have three chances to pass the test.Getting the license is the easy part. If your thinking you are going to get out of the service and jump in a truck, you may be in for a rude awakening. Problem is you need to have at least one year experence before anyone will hire you as a driver. How do I get a year if no one will hire me? You have to go to work for a larger company, one that is self insured. They will hire you, as a traine for 3 to 400 a week for 4 to 8 weeks. During this time you MAY get home once, but don't count on it. After your training period you will likely become a second seat in a team. Again, gone for several weeks at a time. In 8 months you will become first seat on a team and make a few more cents more on the mile. Get through a year with a clean driving record and you can go to work almost anywhere. Any chance of getting your experence while in the service?. . Ever hear the saying "Trucking ain't for Sissies"
because if you are a prov motorbiker, you would be alone. If you are a prov driver, you have to have an experienced driver with you. Well, that's the UK rules anyway. Don't know about other countries.It is restricted in a car to a 1.3ltr engine, mainly because of the insurance. If you put a learner driver on a 1.8 the insurance costs would be astronomical
I agree with the mechanic.There are stops bolted in the tracks on both upper and lower ends of ths tracks. Limit switches in the sunroof stop it.                        31yrs as an autoworker for Gen. Motors. 10 yrs. in the glass adj. windshield, and backlite /rear hatch assy. and installI guess they are both right, BUT I think you wanted to know What tells it to turn the motor off. Obviously the window will stop at the end of the track but how dose the motor know to stop and not burn up...this is done by circuit breakers usually and on some high end and newer cars is done buy a module. when the motor gets stoped this causes a high amp circuit that will flip the circuit breaker and turn the motor off. thus ending the window down cycle. and resets after a few seconds when the circuit cools so to speak.. . Master ASE L1in most cases the window just reaches the end of the track witch will stop the window. in some cases there may be a limit switch such as in roof windows. if your window keeps going down check the track.
Buses typically run 20-30.  There are a ton of buses that run from Chinatown and also the Greyhounds that run from Port Authority in NYC.. . Trains are more expensive, closer to 70-100.  Amtrack or whichever train you pick probably has the information in more detail.Amtrak (NO C) is more reliable and comfortable than a bus... It'll cost a bit, but its worth it.. . Its the only choice due to where you are heading. There's a commuter agency gap south of Providence.
Hook batteries in series. positive to negative.. .   One negative to ground, postive to next battery negative,.  That battery positive to your component that needs 24VDCuse a series/paralell switch available at most tractor/ trailer shops. note for proper battery life the batterys will need to be swapped back and forth periodicly. [battery in "a" position gets over charged , battery in "b" position undercharged.] one last word of warning 24 volts burns wires and circuitry twice as fast as 12 volts.Series: voltage is added and current stays the same. Parallel: Current is added and Voltage stays the same. . put both power supplies in series and you will get twice the voltage with the same current capacity.
get some dawn dish liquid, a bucket of water, a tire scrubber and a shop vac . get the mat  damp and put a little bit of dawn on it scrub it keep it nice and wet when your scrubbing than use the shop vac to suck up the water and repeat till cleansome dish detergent and some elbow greesea mixture of laundry soap and water
LMAO!  That is so true!. . I don't know if it is this way everywhere, but there are a lot of them at Best Buy, too.Because they are an equal opportunity employer.y u got sumthin against them or sumthin?not where i live in new york, it might be where you live because ive lived all over and been to many dmvs and not noticed anything like thatBecause the government prefers blacks and women to white men. Here it is all women at the Bureau of Motor Vehicles. I live in southern Indiana.Because some ppl think they are too good for that kind of work.But somebody's got to do the job.Some ppl have families to feed and will do whatever it takes to do that.Others are more concerned with prestige.OH NOOOOO WHAT WILL MY FRIENDS AND NEIGHBORS THINK??????????!!!!!!!!!because they are minorities, they have preference to get hired.
It took my friend about 18 months.  He got it about 9 months ago.If you're not too picky, it will shorten the wait time.. We found a silver package 7 that we could have bought on the spot.  I wanted a blue package 7, and waited one month for it.. My husband's boss was very picky (exterior color, interior color, package) and ended up waiting 9 months.. By the way, it was WELL worth the wait - we are very happy!
WOMEN, you mean?. . why is it that you feel the need to ask such a sexist question?The same way men kmow.. They do it and watch other people do it.Technical Schoolfirst of all this is a very sexist question, but to answer it properly every person that knows anything about a car has an intrest. depending on how intrested they are in the matter the more knowlege they will want to learn. so like men and women alike it comes down to the intrest.By autodidac / someone teach them.there dad's showed them or went to school.The same way men learn, by watching other people work on cars or reading books about it.  Although I don't know everything about cars, that's how I learned.watching other people and asking lots of questions!Hands on experience!cause their smartim sure alot of them learned pretty much the same way men did.... maybe read a book or somethingAuto class or shop as some call it.
Estimates of reserve the equivalent of 5  to 18,000 billion barrels of oil.. Current oil consumption is about 60 billion barrels a year.. If we go at the current rate, we'll run out in 80 to at most 300 years.I don't know offhand of the estimates as to the oil supply left. I have heard that there are fields of natural gas to keep us supplied for a long time. (There is supposed to be a major field in the Dallas/Fort Worth area.). . (ever since the prices at the pump went up, i've been running on empty) ;) (sorry, i couldn't resist)There is no definite answer.No sarcasm!  But I live for sarcasm!  . Well okay.  My answer is that we can't even afford to burn all the fossil fuel we know about, because it would cause too much global warming.  . . The earth does keep generating it, but at a rate about one hundred millionth of what we are using.
it really depends on its condition.  there is a kelly blue book for classic cars which can give you a vague idea.www.nada.com has a classic car guide.. also, old car price guide from krause publications out of Iola Wisconsin is very good.mutch?what does it look like?
Most newer alternators are internally regulated. It just needs a battery voltage to excit it.In my experience's the ignition swith is usually the culprit if a battery will not charge and the alternator is putting out current at the source. I wouldn't even attempt to do what you are suggesting!
My husband went down at over 100km/hr., slide on pavement, then fit gravel before he stopped.  He was wearing full body armour except only had jeans on.  Everything held up perfectly but because of the jeans he took the top of his knee off and was off work for 6 months.  If he'd had armoured pants on he would have walked away, literally no problem.  So I'd say it's invaluable.Yes it works, and is very effective. Knox is a very good brand, and some of the stuff put out by Heine Gericke in Gernmany is good too. You can walk away from accidents that previously would have meant a trip to hospital.Try jumping off a chair backwards and landing on your back on a house brick.   Your terninal speed will be less than five mile per hour.  . . When the the pain has subsided and the tears have dried up calculate the hurt by a factor of 10.   You will then have an indication of sliding backward into a kerb / car or whatever at about 50 mile per hour.. . Whilst the bruising heals you can start saving for some body armour.   Which won't make you bullet proof but might just enable you to feed yourself and wipe your own ass if ever you should have a bike crash.. . 5kN or 50kN it all hurts.I would think if you were hit by a car or even hit a car at stand still you would be torn up
Get a Buddy and go for it!  See Link Below:. . Take your time, Good Luckyou have literally diassemble the bottom of the car. you got to take off the whole drivers side wheel then the front axel then lift the motor then remove the sway bar then fight like hell to pull the tranny out. atleast thats what i had to do on my 90 topaz and its just a smaller version. it suked, i'd just bite the bullet and pay somebody to do it for you.Well yes you do have to take apart the bottom of the car.  Support the eng (I used 3 inc pipe) remove the cradle. Unbolt anything in the way then pull the trans. as normal.. Check out autozone.com
if u have a scanner handy, u can hook it up and it will check the sensors and tell you whats wrong.  but is that adapter cut off?  u could go to the junk yard an cut the 1 off you need an put it in your car.  thn run the test.1994 was year they used EEC 4 ... Uses connector under the hood. You can buy a tester for about $30-40 for it at walmart but is nothing more than a LED and a book. . My guess is he forgot to hook something back up.. look for unplugged connectors under hood and by transmission as I think both are related and may be the VSS on the transmission not plugged in (or the transmission connector if a newer style transmission). . Pull the codes yourself using one of these methods:. http://www.troublecodes.net/Ford/I can't tell you everything you need to know but I think I can get you started in a direction that will get you there with the least expense. Because your pal didn't put the connection to your new engine's computer into your car (which means he didn't actually finish the job), AutoZone can't connect to it and read out the engine error codes from the computer to find out if anything's wrong. So you have to use a different strategy.. . The first thing to do is look under the hood and find the main fuse/relay box. Take off the cover and look inside the cover for a diagram that shows where fuses are located. Find the EFI fuse. There is also an EFI relay, so be sure you have the EFI fuse. With the ignition off, pull the EFI fuse out of its holder with a pair of needle nose pliers (very gently; don't pinch hard). After a minute, push the fuse back into place. Start the engine and the Check Engine light will turn off. If your pal is right and there is nothing wrong with the engine, the Check Engine light will STAY off when you drive the car. If he is wrong, the light will come back on after a few days of driving. I think from your description of how the car is running that there is something wrong. Since AutoZone can't read the codes for you, you have to use another way to read them out. If you take your car to a dealer's service shop to get it done, they will likely charge you an hour's labor for a few minutes of work. Instead, you can read it out yourself by short circuiting two wires in a connector under the hood and then turning the ignition key to on (but without starting the car). The error codes will cause the Check Engine light to flash and you count the flashes to get the code numbers. For your car I don't know where that connector is or what wires to short, but you can find out by asking questions in an Internet forum or possibly by going to a library and looking up your car's info in the Chilton repair manual for your car. If you use the Internet, try something like "Check Engine Light" and you will get to a forum where you can ask your questions. After you have read out the error codes, go back to AutoZone and show them the codes. They will tell you what they mean for free. Then you will know if your pal was right in saying there is nothing wrong. If there is something wrong, he should fix it himself or get it done at his expense. Luck.first of all if you rcar has a v6 the autozone guy will not find a hook up under the hood,v6 cars have obd2 only v8 cars had eec4,u need to take to manufacturer for proper diag. if in houston area i would be glad to check it for,good luckThe check engine light and the OD light staying on are MIL's or malfunction indicator lights. there is something wrong and simply clearing the computer will not fix the problem. it sounds like your friend does not have a lot of electrical knowledge even though he may be able to swap parts. there are several sensors, relays, circuits etc. that can cause the check engine light to come on or stay on and the OD light staying on is a MIL for the transmission or a sensor on the trans so your best bet is to go to a shop and pay the diag fee which is usually between about 60 to 90 dollars and have a professional tell you what to do to fix your vehicle. This will be cheaper than buying parts that autozone wants to sell you and not give you a guarantee that it will fix your problem.sounds like overdrive light was disconnected when you swapped motor, this may cause both lights to stay on. look for plug not plugged in, or came loose on tranny.DIDN'T FIX IT RIGHT TAKE IT TO A DEALERSHIP
You have to buy carb cleaner. Be sure you are careful not to break your gaskets, use the cleaner and a rag to wipe out gunk, use a guitar string to poke through your jets, and reassemble. do not turn any screws at all except for the ones to take off the float bowls. I only reccomend you do this if you cannot afford to get it done proffessionally.Try a product called SeaFoam.  I know Auto Zone sells it.   Great stuff, it cleans the entire fuel system.It should not need cleaning.  . However, you could add a half bottle of fuel system cleaner to a full tank of gas or remove the carb and spray it with carb cleaner.itake the carb apart and use a tooth brush and petrolI remember Motorcycle Consumer News did an excellent article on this.  Google MCN for website.
your intake gasket is bad,I would suggest a top half overhaul.Bad fuel pump diaphragm is one prospect. If it won't run and hasn't run after re-assembly it could be that the rings have allowed fuel past them. This will happen while you are trying to start it over and over. Your distributor timing may not be correct. Check that and the fuel pump, that's about the only way gasoline will enter your crankcase.Its not the intake gasket... if its set too rich, this may gas foul the plugs, and get into the oil past the rings, same as bad timing. If its overflowing, if this is a carb'd engine, the float could have stuck or inlet needle seat is missing or needle.Not enough info here but may be your vehicle is running way to reach. Is there black smoke coming out the tail pipe?its probably a blown head gasket or it could be bad rings ether way engine should be rebuilt
lycol, vacum, wash it. Febreeze, Kaboom.febreeze it. It worked for my mom in her hyundaiIf it is soaked into the pad, and it is likely that it is, you will have to replace the pad. Not that big of a job, and I would do it anyway. Milk in the carpet pad + nice hot, sunny day + windows rolled up + 8 hours in a parking lot = a rough trip home!It is something called "AIR FRESHNER" u know like GLEN20
The oil turns to sludge. This usually happens if you don't drive your car enough. A car should be driven at least 30 miles a day on the freeway. In city drving all the time will cause sludging.That's when the oil is past the point that it needs to be changed. It starts to turn to sludge, and doesn't lubricate as good as it should...
It is currently GM, but Toyota could easily take that title this year if there sales continue to trump GM. . . Corrections made!i know ford is the #1 seller for trucks, but i don't know about ranking...It is not Daimler-Chrysler. It is GM.  Although their current financial crisis is leading towards them being overtaken by Toyota.
check your gasoline pressure regulator some times thats the problem,or otherwise computer, you have check engine on? your engine runs rough? or maybe the cycle on your fuel injectors is too wideYou have broken piston rings, or a hole in the top of a piston. If you have blow by, the rings are shot. But I would lean toward the first statement. Run a compression check on all cylinders. If below 100 psi, your engine is shot, done for . A good reading 160+psi per cylinder.. An engine with fuel in the crankcase, can blow up. One cup of vaporized gas is equal to 3 sticks of Dynamite. Could be someone put it there?Sounds like an ignition problem. Check your spark plugs for spark.cause it's a '95, and this is now '06, the car is way passed it's prime!you have blow by going through your piston rings.  Your piston rings are worn out.check for vacuum leak with hood open at throttle top,. 90* turn at top has leak all the time! just rubber.... pull vacuum line to fuel psi regulator. if gas comes out as you crank it / run engine, you need a $ 80 fuel rail regulator. :o) if not, hook up a fuel psi gauge to the filter and use a tech scope ( like a doctor's stethascope). to listen to each fuel injector, 1 or 2 may " leak " as the fuel pressure will drop after each key cycle. have autozone or murry's scan your pcm for oxygen sensor codes or misfire codes. you may just need a good tune up with coil pack and 2 or 4 oxygen sensors. worst thing is you drive too far and melt down a $1000 set of catalitic converters! ouch...
True roller timing chains are made from high quality steel and have a roller on every link, reducing friction, increasing performance & economy. Conventional chains don't. If you want peace of mind, spend the extra few dollars and get a good timing chain (cloyes or similar) & a new high volume oil pump.The names are different.cheap will do just fine  true roller is usually a double chain with needle bearings in the links but if you arent going to spend alot of money rebuilding or want to i should say the cheap set will work just fineyou would never know the difference.
If you don't like the answer the mechanic gives you then go to another shop, also try researching about your cars problems on line first if you know that correct parts when talking to the mechanic then they are more likely to take you serious.. I like to work on my own car and don't mind getting greasy, the more you know the better off you are.Sorry to say that, but I thnk it will hep if you bring a guy along :-(well to be honest you have to know alil bit about cars for a male mechanic to listen to you.i mean male mechanics got the idea that most female s dont know anything about a car and in part is true.i personally have taken my wife outside 2 explain to her what this and that does just so she know if sumthin happens that she has an idea what it is.im not sayin u should run out and b a mechanic but have a guy show you around the car.and the next time you go to the mechanic look at him dead in the face and say this whats wrong.fix or tell me who can.Since I have had experience in being taken to the tune of over $1000 by a mechanic...the only solution I can think of is what I have done since...take a male friend with you. Sad, but true...mechanics listen then...and I have had no problem since.i am a mechanic by trade and i always take females seriously when they are telling me about their cars .... i know that a lot of them don't know a lot about cars and i understand that .. that's why i listen to what they are telling me and i try to explain what is going on with their car thee best i can .. sometimes you just have to get the mechanic to go on a test-drive with you ...Well, you have to pay attention to his "boy's problems", seriously, then he can focus on yours. Trying to make fun on this, but life is full of surprises, and even if this is not a proper solution, it gets good results most of the time. All women are beautifull and most of the mans vulnerably on this, and you should get advantage of this, even when is  about to solve your car's problems. Beeing a woman you may turn it on  advantage. Its enough to smile and pretend available and he will listen good. Evreybody will be happy ! Good luck.bring a man.One: find a good mechanic. Two: be as descriptive as possible. Three: if that does not work find another mechanic. . I'm a mechanic by trade, sometimes the problem does not show itself easily. A GOOD professional mechanic should listen to each customer's problem. I've had men tell what the problem was & how to fix it & they were way wrong. Yoou may not know cars, but you do know your car.do some research about your car then you will know what problem is what and know the mechanic will not rip you offbring a man with youHonestly Take a guy with you.   . .       My friend is a reporter and is known well in the local area so we had my wife and I do a sting operation last year.  I sent my wife into a MIDAS  shop to get her car fixed.  They advised her that she needed $1800 worth of work.   So I took the exact same car in the next week asked the guy what was wrong with it and he told me it needed a radiator hose it would cost $50 to repair,  our Friend then confronted the Midas shop which is now closed...Go buy a Haynes manual about your particular model of car.  They are about $12-$15 and available at most auto parts stores. At the beginning of the book you can choose the problem you car is having, and then you are referred to what the possible problems are and how to fix it. Pick up a few terms out of this book and a few options of what your problems are or might be. Pointing out a particular part (the manuals have pictures) to the mechanic will also show that you have a pretty good idea of what you're talking about.  You might even discover it's something minor that you can even fix.  If nothing else, the mechanic will know that you have a few ideas of what the problem is and will have to think twice about taking advantage of you.  F.Y.I. mechanics take advantage of men from time to time too.try to talk to a female mechanic about it/talk to the receptionist (if its a girl) and then have her pass the info along.  if that's not an option - you should just bring a guy, its sad that thats our last option, but you gotta get your car taken care of.if it is a good mechanic - just ask him if he has time  to look at your car - he will look at you and ask you some questions as to what is is that it is not running right - then answer his questions - wait for him to ask a question - then just answer the question.  Then he will book an appointment, or look at it right away... but most likely he will have you bring the car back at a certain time.If its a hard to describe problem then you have to come up with a good description. Things like "its making a funny noise" or "it sounds funny" doesnt tell him much at all and if he doesnt hear anything unusual he may not take you seriously. You don't have to know anything about how cars work to be able to explain whats not working right.. You drive it everyday so you know what its doing differently from before. Some engine problems that don't cause the Check Engine light to come on can be very hard to diagnose, especially if the mechanic isn't very good ;). And theres nothing wrong with going to another mechanic, but I always caution women, especially those who don't know as much about cars, to find a mechanic that is trusted. Theres plenty of people out there who will take advantage of your lack of knowledgeas a mechanic for the last 15 years,just walk in have a serious look on your face,tell i repeat tell them you need someone to look at your car now.not tomorrow,but now,don't smile at them don't say hi.keep a serious look on your face the whole time.it will work,any time you act like you know more than them is how you will get them to take you seriouslyTake a man with you next time you visit the garage. I know this isn't the most politically correct answer, but it's probably the most realistic.A lot of men in the car business are about 30 or 40 years behind the times when it comes to gender relations...used car salesman are the WORST!  Some suggestions:. 1.) look for a female mechanic (they do exist). 2.) if you don't like the way you're treated at a shop, take your business elsewhere and let the owner know. 3.) take someone along with you who has some good general automotive knowledge- a female friend or relative who can hold her own in a conversation with a mechanic, or your dad, uncle, brother, or boyfriend. 4.) DON'T give any shop where you are not shown respect your business - unless of course you have a new car and must go thru the dealer for service, and in that case, write a letter of complaint to the owner if you are not being listened to. Good luck, sister.you have to find a trustworthy mechanic
There is a switch on the trans that is called A SAFTY INTERLOCK SWITCH. This switch is a safty device that allows it to starrt in park. If it starts in only neutral then it is likly the switch is out of adjustmentSounds like a bad or misadjusted transmission position sensor (park/neutral switch). . I normally get 50 bucks for that diagnosis.you may need to ajust the trans cable or linkagestart it in neutral.i would trythe neutral safety swith its on your steering column and it tell the transmission that it is safe to start which would be in neutral or park its a cheap part and takes a couple of minutes to replaceSimple starter switch on your transmission...you can try manually adjusting your shifter or get someone qualified to do it...shouldn't cost much.. . Good luck
Find the worst part of town, park the car at an angle, leave the door open and come back the next morning.  Guraunteed it will be gone.Just unscrew the screws there its outEasy. You need to small nails. . remove the front              now you see on each site two                 .                               holles.. put nails in the holles. press the nails hard. the radio will come out. watch out for the electra and the atenen.go to a pro
I love it!!! In fact I am getting ford tattooed on me!American car commercials are always painful. Ford has some really bad onces, as does chevy. They're always so stereotypically patriotic, there are usually people in rodeos,baseball, apple pie, etc. all that garbage.. . the only thing worse are japanese car commercials made for american audiences.Send them an e-mail......pretty sure they aren't going to care, but hey if you get it off your chest who cares...maybe you will feel better anyways :)not following you...but if you don't like it, look up Ford Motor Company on the internet, email em or call them.LOL...let me know and I will be happy to sign the petition or complaint!!!ford.comPhysically painful??????. I'm sorry but that is something that doesn't happen watching a commercial. Anyways, the best thing to do is to wait for the commercials to go off the Air or write an E-Mail to the company stating the nature of your problem. Good Luck!
Get some sticky remover made with oranges.use paint thinners if you want to remove the paint as well.. . . a hair dryer to remove the decal and then go back over with a Citrus based cleaner.. . wash and wax the car afterwards to remove the film, hope that the paint didnt fade that much under the decalm and to protect the bare paint.get some acetone from the car supply storerubbing alcohol gets the sticky crap offSometimes a little heat from a hairdryer or heat gun will help.Go to your local hardware store and pick up some Goo Be Gone. With a a little hard rubbing, it'll wipe it right off.use paint thinners to soften the adhesive. but be careful not to get any on any other part of the car.
Nissan Maxima. My 1997 has 220,000kms and it and its never had any problems. It gets about 30mpg on the highway yet it has a 190hp V6.94 MITS, ECLPSE
most newer cars (newer than 20 years old or so) will have a plastic tank located near the radiator.  They will be marked with "coolant" and have high and low lines.  . You still should change your coolant fluid as recommended by your mfg.Simple - but be careful. . . First, make sure your car has been turned off for at least an hour - VERY important. Coolant gets hot, and will bubble and spray out when you open the cap if you don't wait too long. . . Second, check your 'coolant resevoir', it'll be a small plastic container under your hood, probably filled with green fluid (definitely not blue, thats windshield washer fluid).  It should have a "full" or "hot/cold" mark. You can add it in that container, or you can take off the cap of your radiator and add it there. Pour it *slowly*, it will bubble and take some time.for ever car it is different you have to look at your car's manual it will give you pic. of where it is and how to open it
class I hitch, 1500 lbs.. . class II, 3500 lbs, but that's pushing it.Disconnect the bumper, tie a rope to said bumper, hold arm out the window while holding the other end of the rope and there you go.I'd say roughly 56 lbs.Assuming it's your standard 4-cylinder Accord, the towing capacity should be about 1000 lbs with a 100 lb towing hitch.  If you are going to tow anything with this vehicle, I would recommend having a transmission fluid cooler installed.  A cooler will help minimize the extra wear on your transmission, and should cost anywhere from $50-$250 depending on whether you can install it yourself.50 lbs max
They dont go by the kind of car, they go by the size of tire that is stamped on the sides of them. Napa, . Autozone, Kragen, Les Schwab, any parts store or tire shop should have them.It's not the car, it's the tire size. Usually written around the tire rim.look at the tyre dimmensions: something like 205/55/R16 which means 205 mm in width, 55 mm in tyre height and 16 inches inner tyre diameter (rim size). the chains ussualy come with dimmensions.look at the tire size
you want to install an mp to a factory stereo, wel you have to know if the car stereo has floating ground or common ground and what the speaker colors are and then how to connect the two... . . I dont recommend it... but you will need to do alot more homework...why would you want to do that? you want to buy some sweet subs then hook them up to your car stereo and hook the amp to the subs.people say you cant use a stock stereo, but thats wrong. i have done it in all three cars i have owned. heres what you do:. . power to amp:. positve-stright to pos on battery. remote-any 12v ignition swithed (acc. or radio fuse works). ground-stright to neg on battery . . speaker signal to amp:. attach speaker wire to the speakers in the back dash, then run that to the high input leads on the amp. its going to be 2 sets of 2 wires and a ground (a pos and neg for each speaker) then the ground simply can be hooked to the ground you already have conneted up to the amp.. . finally wires to the box:. use a good size speaker wire. simply run from the amp to the box. you'll have a pos and neg for each speaker. i like to use enough wire so i can still pull the box out the car without dissconneting.. . tunnig or setting the gain:. turn your radio all the way up till it sounds a little distorted, back it down a little. leave the radio at this level and do the same with the gain on the amp.. . hope this helps, you can email me at ledcustoms@yahooif you instal a power full enoff amp you can easly blow the factory speakers, or set them on fire like i did, just drop the 200 bucks on ebay and buy new speakers subs ,tweets.thats easy get some rca that you can buy at radio shack or cut some  then run a power wire to were you are installing it to then run a remote from your fuse box the after you have the rca use your rear speaker for the subnever hook the ground strait to the NEG of the battery always ground it to the chassis. and you would have to look in the owners manual to see if the head unit has RCA outs unless you have a really old school amp
I agree with dementors... also to prove that they're REAL MEN  who can afford to drive an ugly, dangerous to others, gas-wasting, piece of crap.. To impress other monkeys who want to be jackasses too. To show everyone that they're true red-blooded Americans who support any wars for oil overseas.. Ok, maybe i'm going to far... someone slap me.beats me, they are nothing but an overpriced stationwagon.They buy hummers because they are lonely.  The amout of gas it takes to ride over to the bad part of town dosn't matter to them.  And how does a hummer waste energy?  You just sit there the hooker does all the work.  They don't waste money because they are cheaper than sex or taking a slut to dinner and a movie.. . So why not buy a hummer?Because the government will give the rich business owners a wonderful tax write off if you purchase one. Typically on an $80K vehicle, the government will allow you to instantly write off $68K (no joke) off. So it would be like driving around in an $80K vehicle that you only had to pay $12K for.To make up for their small penis size.PROBABLY BECAUSE THEY ARE VERY RICH, AND TRY TO BUY EXPENSIVE THINGS TO BLOW THEIR MONEY ON.SPS.... Small Penis Syndromewoah woah! the original hummer is bad ass! as for the H2 or H3 i could do without. living in the desert i would love to drive a humer around for the sheer fact that i could truly go anywhere. the H2 is truly an over priced suberban it sits on the same frame and suspension. the H3 is a pice of crap that seriously need to be droped off a cliff. it makes you wonder what the hell were they thinking when they made that thing?probably because they like them ; )THERE IS A $50000 FULL PRICE TAX CREDIT THAT HAS BEEN AVAILABLE SO THAT THE HUMMER CAN BE WRITTEN OFF AS A LEGITIMATE BUSINESS EXPENSE!!!SO THE CAR IS VIRTUALLY FREE TO THE BUSINESS PEOPLE THAT BUY THEM....NO BREAK IF YOUR TAX BURDEN DOESN'T EXCEED THAT LEVEL THOUGH!!!!THE HUMMER ISN'T WHAT IT USED TO BE THOUGH!!IT'S ALL BUILT ON A SUBURBAN FRAME NOW AND IT'S LOST MUCH OF IT'S ACTUAL CROSS-COUNTRY ,4-WHEELING,OFF-TRAIL CREDENTIALS THAT IT ONCE COULD CLAIM....BEING ON OFFSHOOT OF A 4-WHEEL DRIVE ,COMBAT-TESTED FIGHTING MACHINE....IN MY HUMBLE OPINION AS A DESIGNER AND ARTIST ;IT DOES EVEN LOOK AS GOOD AS THE EARLIER AND MORE AUTHENIC HYBRID!!!!!!!!SO IF YOU WANT A NICER LOOKING HUMMER GET THE SUBURBAN!!!!SAME VEHICLE!!!Because they're rich and lonely and buying a hummer is the only way they have a chance of getting someone in the bed.I believe people get them to use them as a status symbol. Showing they have the money. Just like the Rappers/Singers of today.. Why buy a $250,000 gold ring... Because they can!Hummers look good, they are big and powerful, and they are a very prestigious vehicle.If they bought the military version with the split Axel it would be understandable as it would make a great 4 wheeler for very rough country but to buy the civilian version that's on the market now they gotta have more money than sense.because thats the only way they will ever get one
Bigbobby find a professional so as to sprice up your sound system to major heights you might install it by yourself but you wont get the best sound output. So you might as well seek professional assistance.its pretty easy.. . you'll need an amp, and an amp wiring kit.. . the kit will have:. . audio video cables that connect from your head unit to your amp.. . power lead. . ground cable.. . connecting it all is quite easy, run the power cable from your battery down one side of your car and run the AV cables from the back of your head unit down the other side of the car, this will stop any interference and feedback.. . from there, hook up your speakers, if you're hooking up a sub you'll need to bridge and cross over the output, which is easy with some av cables.. . here is a great link. . http://www.caraudiohelp.com/how_to_install_a_car_amp/how_to_install_a_car_amp.htmIt's kinda hard to explain the whole thing. Follow the schematic that came with it! You should have:. Power in (+). Ground (-). remote (blue wire). RCA's for input. 4 terminals for output to your speakers.. You are going to have to run power from your battery to the amp.
There is no reset for the battery light the light being on means that the computer still thinks that their is a problem with the charging system. The battery light will be on anytime that the key is on and the engine is not running the other thing that it could be is the ipcI am not actually sure on how to reset the batter light, but I do have some good advice.. . If you were to call your local GM Dealership and ask to talk to service, I think they would be able to connect you with a mechanic, or some individual who does know how. . . It could be once of two things. A, it could be a simple fix meaning that all would have to do is remove a fuse or something to that effect. Or, it could be B, something that would require a manufacturer tool to fix.. . I am by no means a GMC expert, yet I do spend much time in the automotive industry in various dealerships, etc.. . I hope that I was of some help to you.. . . GWH. gwhtools@yahoo.comA guy I work with got his batt replaced at a dealership. They said they had ta go through a whole series of things to reset the whole system. Start the truck and run the a/c for like 30 seconds, then shut the truck off, and repeat like that with every thing else. I'd call the dealer first to make sure tho. BTW, he has a 2000 chevy silverado 2500.take off the positive batery termanal for about 1 minut and replace it back on.unhook the positive battery terminal for about 10 minutes that will reset the computer and the light should go out.
The Honda jazz was just introduced to North America a couple of days ago. Here it is known as the Honda Fit. The Mazda 6 is a great car in terms of handling but it is starting to look dated. The Honda Jazz/Fit has been getting great reviews and it looks like it's worth the money.Honda Jazz is an amazing vehicle. FANTASTAIC REALIBALITY!!!. FANTASTIC INTERIOR!!! The mazda 6 is good but nowhere near as good.. . Honda Jazz-http://www.topgear.com/drives/B5/A0/. . Mazda 6-http://www.topgear.com/drives/C6/C1/
Stive to be top salesman in your dealership,don't count your money until the end of the month,be honest with your customer,follow up,and go to work to work.you do the above and you'll be #1.Good selling.Get the price of gas down.liehi.  u could have fliers that say that ur having a big sale, when its not a very big sale at all. or say buy a car and get free air  freshner with it.well first you need to learn how to speak the right way. You don't SALE a car, you SELL a carI like people who are straight forward, and don't lie to me.  If you don't know the answer to a question, say that you will research it and get back to them...then actually do it so that you will know for next time.  I would rather lose a sale being honest than gain one by lying.pull some sleaze...talk smooth, brush your hair, and most importantly...look your customer in the eye and lieBe honest, highlight the vehicles best attributes. Earn the customers attention and trust. Point out that the cares have value. Read your customer's needs and point them in the right direction. You're more likely to sell something if your customer is happy!if you want to SELL more cars you should learn how to communicate betterYou should look confident and really sell the car...with positive feedback on the car, interesting features etc. and don't forget to lie a little, every salesman has to lie one time or another.Learn enough about the car to honestly and intelligently answer your customer's questions. That's what I look for.. . Believe in your product. When BMWs were first marketed in the US a friend wanted to become a BMW dealer. I told him I would quit my job and work for him because the BMW was a product I could be happy selling. My point: you should believe in your product or sell somethinhg elseHave your friends all come in and buy cars so you get the commission then once you have the commission have them return the cars and get their money back.....Take a coarse on marketing. in your case you need marketing mavin'sLower prices always work for mewhatever you do, don't be honest! you'll break the car salesman's code!Offer Free Gas for a year!you should know your a salesmansell good cars.  i mean seriously, a good product will sell itself.Stop selling GM and Ford cars.... Start selling Hondas or Toyotas...I think that the key to selling cars is probably to be honest about what you are selling rather than saying a car is good if you know there are faults. Also advertise on ebay giving a full and honest description of your vehicles!All Salesmen lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie. So yeah, there you go. Just lie more than the other's.Most successful sales people will tell you that sales is about building relationships. But as the nature of your job is about selling to people that may not trust you right off, you'll require a lot of perseverence.. . But aside from any gimmics, I'd say listen to your customer, look them in the eye, ask and remember their names spouse and kids included. Ask them about their interests and get them to talk about themselves. The more they open up and see you as a person, the better your chances will be. And if you can address their problems (financing, credit, payments, trade-ins, etc.) you'll probably get a sale.. . Know that statistically somewhere in the neighborhood of 3 out of 4 customers will walk before deciding what they want to do. Be sure you do the best you can to get their info, follow up and create repeat business.. . Finally, don't treat a customer like a mark, treat 'em like a person.If they enjoy the experience, they may refer friend and family, give out business cards, have toys for their kids!since the gas prices are a hot topic try to bring up gas in the conversation telling them that this or bthat car can save u gas money or this is more fuel efficent
a secured loan is one that is secured against something you own,eg your house.so if you don't pay the loan amount, the finance company can take the money out of the security. you generally get a better rate than on an unsecured loan but to be fair, it won't make that much difference on relatively small amounts.A secured loan is a loan that is 'secured' with collateral if you are not able to pay it back.  For example, if you use your car as collateral for a secured loan, the bank or person who gave you the loan can take you car if you do not pay the loan back in full.A secure loan is when the loan has a guarantee that if you don't pay,a co-signer or etc.
your tires could be out of balance, could have a flat spot in them, could be cupped out due to lack of rotation/ bad shocks or struts, your tires also could be separated, causing an our of round and possibly blowout situation.  Your alignment could be off, or there could be some parts under the front end that could need to be replaced.  If it is shaking while you hit the brakes, then your disc brake rotors could be warped and need to be turned or replaced. that's about all i could think of off the top of my headIt could be something as "simple" as having just filled your fuel tank with bad gas, to being out of alignment, the drive shaft, u-joint.  Also, have a mechanic check the vacuum lines, spark plugs and wires.  Go get at least a couple of opinions so you can better avoid getting ripped off.  Have someone come along with you, if you can.  . Take care.could be alignment, steering , basically anything. what seems to be wrong with the car/truck? need more infomaybe a motor mount  if not that  sumthing is wrong internallyrealign you steering/wheelssounds like your engine is out of tune causing your motor to shake if your referring to the motor not functioning properly it could not possibly be your tyres if it were your tyres the shaking would come and go at certain exceleration speedstwo people boning in the backseatIf the engine is not functioning properly and it is shaking, that usually indicates an engine misfire.  An engine misfire is usually caused by: faulty spark plugs and/or spark plug wires, faulty/clogged fuel injectors, or a mechanical problem in one or more cylinders such as a burned exhaust valve, blown head gasket, cracked piston, etc.  Without seeing the car in person, it's hard to get any more specific than this.it is misfiring meaning all the cylinders are not working it could be anything from fouled spark plugs, bad wires, clogged fuel injector, or rarely low compression in a cylinder, a tuneup should cure the problem as they put t on an engine scanner firstyou need to check your brake pads, and allign your stearing wheel and allignment. then if it still shakes its your engine which you need to take in. is it an older vehicle? if it is go to a hole in the wall shop(avoid dealerships) they will treat you good and get what u need quick. i work at a dealership and we make u pay for everything!! lil shops dont. good luckYour tires may be bad or need aligned
here is 21 other answers to look through.... . I guess the concept of a SEARCH is beyond you.... . . http://answers.yahoo.com/search/search_result;_ylt=AlEpgCX60pzL4WWEtp3NU3YnzKIX?p=how+can+i+start+a+bussiness&scope=bestanswer&mc=&tab=0&asktime=&prate=&st=1To start a business, I would like to suggest look for the needs of your area and focus on that. . Then you need investment funds, and license.. If you are able to have access to allot of money look into a franchise. or just start selling your goods at garage sales and public markets. Do wellFirst, be a little more specific on what kind of biz you  are trying to start. DUH!study d market, find out what ur abilities are and then look for loans.
Because the left lane is for faster moving traffic, and there are some slow moving individuals in the right lane. I don't have a problem with big rigs, they roll fast enough to keep me out of a ticket. The left hand lane ain't called the "hammer lane" for nothing.In some places they are, but not enough.  I think big trucks cause 85% of the traffic jams in Houston!!
nothingthey landed, collected some rocks, shot some golf balls, had a blast, and came home!  Yay!The rocket was struck by lightning a few seconds after it lifted off, which caused a lot of the electrical and computer systems to go haywire for a few seconds, but they all reset themselves and away they went on a pretty much normal trip to the moon and back.hiy by lighteningShortly after lift-off from Cape Canaveral, the Saturn V rocket body was hit by a bolt of upper-atmosphere lightning. The CM's instruments momentarily went off-line and Mission Control lost the telemetry feeds from the spacecraft for several seconds. When ground control regained telemetry lock with the spacecraft, the feeds were garbled and reported incomplete and possibly inaccurate information. EECOM John Aaron thought that the garbled telemetry might be caused by a malfunction in the launch vehicle's Signal Condition Equipment, since the SCE controlled the spacecraft's electrical power measurements and would have automatically gone off-line in response to the kind of disruption to the spacecraft's electrical systems that a lightning strike would cause. onrad actually landed Intrepid 580 feet short of Pete's Parking Lot because the planned landing point looked rougher than anticipated during the final approach to touchdown. The planned landing point was a little under 1180 feet from Surveyor 3, a distance that was chosen to eliminate the possibility of lunar dust. Conrad and Bean removed pieces of the Surveyor 3, to be taken back to Earth for analysis, and took two Moon-walks lasting just under four hours each. They collected rocks and set up equipment that took measurements of the Moon's seismicity, solar wind flux and magnetic field, and relayed the measurements to Earth.Meanwhile Gordon, on board the Yankee Clipper in lunar orbit, took multispectral photographs of the surface.. The lunar plaque attached to the descent stage of Intrepid is unique in that unlike the other lunar plaques, it (a) did not have a depiction of the Earth, and (b) it was textured differently (the other plaques had black lettering on polished stainless steel while the Apollo 12 plaque had the lettering in polished stainless steel while the background was brushed flat).
The same reason that we use them on many other vessels.... Red light in the cabin doesn't "desensitise" your eyes as badly as normal "white" light. So, if you have to leave the nice, warm, dry, cabin and go out on deck, you don't need to stand out there in the freezing rain and wait for your night-vision to return, before you can see anything.a red light doesn't mess up your night vision as bad as white light doesspectrum .. the red light preserves the night vision, does not dialate pupils, leaving submariners without vision when lights lower.You not only use a red light on a sub but anywhere a white light would impair your vision at a very critical time.  Aircraft cockpits would be a good example.Same as the others. It doesn't mess up your night visionThe red light is used to condition your eyes to see at night, when in the red light and going into the darkness of night your pupils in your eyes don't have to make a very big adjustment, therefore "instant night vision". It also does not carry as far into darkness as white light, therefore less detectable.
The "Trooper" nameplate was used in North America, specifically US and Canada. Elsewhere in the world, like Japan and other Asian markets it was known and the "Bighorn"price and even though it seems impossible, cheaper parts...they were sold in different markets.  one is an import
haha, u must be egyptian! those cars in my opinion are the most reliable, but i don't think they still make them! probably ur best bet is to get it old, but watch out, those things have been walkin around for more than 20 yrs now!I'm not being facetious, but WHY would you want one?Have you searched ebay?hi im not sure they are rare i think most were riten off lol. . my dad used 2 hav 1 or it mite of been the 126 not sure but it was the sporting model but the speedo went up to 100 mph and it easly went off the clock great litle car aparently it was such a fun car 2 drive but he rote of in iceBuy one .lol, why egiption? they are italian cars.. . Although, a word of warning, the italians, as smart as they are, forgot to rust proof their older fiats, e.g the 124.. . steve
This battery is in a diffent place than most batterys.  You have to take the LF tire off and then the splash sheild at the front.  There is your battery.  From there you should be able to figure the rest out.. . Toddunhook the red cable first then the black. you should have two long bolts on each side that have a nut at the top remove the nuts from each bolt and it should slide out
The difference is, coolant is the liquid that curculates through your engine and radiator to cool the engine. Anti freeze is a component of most but not all coolants.Diesel engines use a special antifreeze called Dow Therm. Suzuki motorcycle engines use oil in their engine cooling systems in some of their road bikes like the Intruder line. Auto motive antifreeze must not be put in your cooling system by itself.It is made to be mixed with water to work properly.I usually mix it 50/50 which will protect from freezing to -40 F.It's the same thing dude!They are the same thing. It just does two jobs. It keeps the engine cool in the summer, thus coolant. It keeps he engine from freezing in cold weather, thus antifreeze.While your at the store getting your coolant and antifreeze, dont forget to get your headlight fluid, get a new radiater belt.. . THEY ARE THE SAME THING!!!! im a girl and i knew that!!just make sure whatever you're using says "for automobile use".  It should be Ethylene Glycol.  Some people say coolant and others say antifreeze.  Go with the chemical name:   you can't go wrong.There is no difference. It is the same substance. It has two different names because it does two different things for your car. It cools it when it's running. And in the winter, it is specially designed not to freeze. If it froze your engine block and radiator would split open.Coolant IS the more proper term.  Ethylene glycol and, more recently propylene glycol do both perform as anti-freeze, but only when the temperature is below 32 degrees F.. . But whenever your engine is up to operating temperature the mixture in the cooling system performs as coolant.  The obvious task is to cool the engine and carry the heat to the radiator.  But another overlooked function of either of the glycols is to help raise the boiling point of the water.  Remember in science class...anything added to water like that will lower freezing point and also raise boiling point as well.  The pressure cap on the radiator keeps the pressure at from 7 to 15 p. s. i. which increases the boiling point as well.  That way all your water will not boil away quickly."Coolant" is the liquid in the radiator.  It may be pure water, pure antifreeze, or, more commonly, a mixture of the two.. . "Antifreeze" is something added to water to lower its freezing point.  For cars and trucks, it is almost always the liquid ethylene glycol.
heres a page that may help you> . . http://www.lincolnvscadillac.com/tech/. Good luckremove all the spark plug wires from the spark plugs. (mark them or make sure you have a service manual so you can put them back in the correct firing order. . take a brush or compressed air and clean all the junk from around the spark plugs, (you don't want it falling into the engine when you pull the plugs). . remove the plugs iwth a spark plug socket.  you might need a tune up kit.  that includes a ratchet with a special elbow you need to get at some of the hard to get at plugs. . just be careful you don't break a plug off inside the block.  make sure the bolt part of the plug is well seated in the socket. . installation is the reverse of removal.  if you need more hlep working on that old ford visit www.ford-trucks.com.  ltos of guys there will help your friends lincoln. . good luckif you have never changed plugs before don't be foolish to try it on a car like this that don't belong to you.  Believe it or not you can screw things up and there are things in the way you have to move my advice is practice on a older more BASIC car.open the hood and look to the lower left and right of the engine, you will see 4 wires on each side evenly spaced down the sides coming from the upper front of the engine. they will have boots on them, disconnect them one at a time from the side of the engine by simply pulling on them, be careful not to burn yourself on the hot exhaust manifolds. every time you disconnect one, you will see the spark plug below it. you need to use a deep 5/8ths socket to remove them, counter-clockwise is loosen. DO ONE AT A TIME TO AVOID CONFUSING WIRE LOCATIONS. once you remove one you can insert a new one and connect the wire to the top of it etc... if you think its too hard then just take it in to a shop, it will probably be cheap. some of the spark plugs may be very difficult to even see, much less remove without special tools.
After you knock out the baffles you will probably have re-jet the carburetor because of the increased flow of exhaust gases. More air out means more air in and the possibility of a lean condition that may burn pistons and valves.2 points for me.. sorry i can't answerDepends on what bike you have of course but most can be drilled out with a hole saw. I have a Yamaha VStar 1100 and that is exactly what I did. Much improvement over stock sound.
Here in Tacoma, Wash. the base pay is around $50,000- $55,000 annually.  Plus overtime and full benefits.. . Apply at your local city sewer departmentThe pay is shitty, and you need many. hours of cesspool swimming lessons,. I'd look for another line of work.
Get the law from the DMV, ask to see written proof.  Then go back to the insurance company and ask to see the manager if you need to.  Ask them how they expect to insure new drivers if the law requires them to get insurance before the drivers license.i've never had a dui so i don't know but why on earth would you need ins. to get a driver's license?when i went to get my licence all i had to have was a family member's car with insurance that went along with it.. or even a friend's car.. as long as that person comes to the dmv with you i think u can get it..  im almost positive.. cuz u have to take the test again so u would have to have a car with u.. an dhow would u get there if u dont have a licence?? some one had to drive u to the dmv .. so take a friend or family member.. and make sure they have insirance and registration and take ur test,.. im almost positive that will workYour answer came from a clerk who doesn't know her ass from a whole in the ground. you were givin wrong advice. You only need proof of insurance when registering a car.. . Turn postal on her/himdo you have to have SR 22 insurance??. . I know you can get insurance like that without having a vehicle in your name.. your insurance agency should be able to give you something that states that you ahve ins.. you might have to have the SR 22.. since you had a DUI.. i dont know. if all else fails ask your local DMV what they suggest..
before i would go through removing the dash,i would try wiggling the switch that dims the dash.sometimes it will get a dead spot in it.if that does'nt help,then bite the bullet and tear down the dash.Pop the dash bezel around the gauges, take the screws out of the cluster. Change the buld.The lights are behind the instrument panel. You are going to have to remove part of your dash to get to it.Get a Chilton or Haynes book from pep boys or auto zone. This will help.(thumb through the book first to double check its in there)
Buy "back" such as in your own? Or buy from someone else who's totalled theirs?. . Here in Ohio, if it's our own that we total, it's already ours, so you can do with it what you will (unless you still owe money on it--if that's the case, you should probably talk to the company who has your loan). . .  If it's someone else's, you can usually purchase it for junk price like at a junkyard or from the person themselves, but it's still going to be titled as "junk" or "totalled" and not driveable (even if it IS "driveable"). . . You could probably register it to drive after that if you would have it fixed to the point where it could pass an inspection and be titled as a regular car, but I can't say for sure on that part.if your ins. paid you for the wreck than they now own the car. you need to contact them for their policy, usually you need to sighn a paper that you wont hold them responsible for the quality or condition of the vehicle.if the tow yard still has the car they may sell it to you, usually for scrap value depending on what state you live in they may be able to charge you more or in some states they can only charge you what they have in it,so call the wrecking yard and ask..they wont lie to you the fine isnt worth it!!IF IT WAS TOTALED AND THE INSURANCE PAID OFF THE CAR YOU WILL NEED TO CALL THEM.  IF THE BANK IT WAS FINANCED THROUGH WAS PAID ALL IT WAS DUE THEM THEN IT CAN BE SOLD THROUGH THE BANK.  IF A SALVAGE YARD HAS IT GOOD LUCK CAUSE ONCE THEY BUY A TOTALED CAR THEY USUALLY DOUBLE THE PRICE TO MAKE THERE MONEY OFF OF IT.   BUT MOST LIKELY THE BANK OR INSURANCE CO. WILL STILL HAVE IT IF THE WRECK WASN'T TO LONG AGO  LESS THEN 2 MONTHS.
It is unlikely that you will be able to get it dismissed (unless you contest it, and the police officer fails to show for the hearing, which happens sometimes, especially in larger cities.). . Otherwise it is just your word against the officer's and you have more motive to be wrong than he does.Just say that your getting ready to go to the military....lol I've gotten out of some tickets because of that!!!..well the military id helps too..but still you bring it up...they look at you differently!  serious!BE A MAN; Pay the ticket
????????????. That doesn't make sense.Your question doesn't make any sense.. Can you rephrase it and post it again?you report it too the police and dmvLet me guess, You meant to say, "Why did my car get itself into a drunk driving accident?" My answer, you shouldn't give alcohol to a car!totaly dudeWhat happened?could you repeat that in English, please?What in the world are you asking???????????????????????What?are you serious? you need to do some major clarification on that one....you have awesome grammar! Maybe you hit someone?your car was accident cuz it was bored... duh!You have a mild concussion. Whatever you do, don't go to sleep.Is that a question????????????????????????????????????????????????????????. ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????. ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????. ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????. ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????. ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????. ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????. ?. . ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????. ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????. ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????. ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????. ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????. ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????That's nice. I have a suggestion for some summer reading. Try a grammar book.could you repeat that please?  i have no idea what you are asking...
Depends on the motor. On some you do have to take the mount off. these are such a pain in the butt. Your best bet is to get a manual for  the car (online or print) and go from there. It'll be money well spent.Look for the idler pulley, then get a half inch ratchet use it to take the pressure off of the belt, slide the belt off of one of the pulleys and then out of the engine bay. Do the reverse to put the new one on.  **Make sure your belt diagram is still on the hood or near the radiator for reference when you re-install.well it depends on the motor mount on the front of the engine but you will probablly have to take it off before you can get the belt off and then use the belt tensioner to release tnesion and rerout it the same way it comes off.. note* always use a block of wood under the oilpan when you have to jack the motor up before you loosen then motor mount. the block of wood is to protect the oil  pan.
the steering wheel tilts so you can set it to a spot that is more comfortable when you drive, it is really nice to have i will never get a car with out one.  i have set mine once and never move it but it is still nice to have because sometimes someone else drives my car and they are able to move it so they are more comfortableTilt wheel means you can pull a lever on the steering column, and adjust the steering wheel up or down to make it more comfortable for you to drive, and easier for you to get in and out of the car, by tilting the steering wheel up.It means that there is a lever on the steering column that allows you to move the steering wheel up or down.The steering wheel is adjustable for the comfort of the driver. Could be a manual lever or an electrical switch for the adjustmentIt means that the steering wheel Will tilt up and down to fit the driver.
the president guy of hyundai or somebody got charged of bribery and some scnadling stuff..im not sure. basically if hes guilty..he has to go to prison for life.i don't know what you are talking about bro
i often wonder the same thing.  maybe if you rear-end them, they will pay more attentionmaybe because he is so close to it, that he doens't notice it, but the people behind them will notice it.Sometimes the signals just are not placed well enough for a person in the first car to see it.. . Or that person can see the last one on the previous green still crossing and is waiting for them to clear...Funny, it's probably those people who panic when they see the light turn yellow and then they come to a stop directly under the traffic light and so they cant even see the dang thing.  People driving and talking on the cell phones drives me crazy (sorry for the pun).  It's amazing what people feel the need to do while they are driving.Because they are too busy talking on their cell phone.some places have sensors that they use to relieve traffic or so i've heardbecause they didnt fly through the yellow?. perhaps a pickle fell off of their big mac?. . actually, the person was last to see the green light because it changed to yellow as they came up to the light,therefore they are first to see the red (also yellow)To see if ur horny
This is a backwards country.Welcome to America,where free means you pay!!!because thats just the way it isSame reason we ship stuff by car and send cargo on ships.  Whatever that reason may be..... hahaBecause if we parked on the parkway we'd get hit!
I'll take a guess that you don't have access to an air compressor tank. Use the long screw driver trick with contact cleaner.Cut em off (carefully). Spray hairspray in the new grips right before installing. It acts as a lube when installing and a glue when dry.use soap or crc lube and they will slide of if that dosnt work try a little heatMate I would normally go the sharp blade and screwdriver routine and buy new grips but it sounds like you want to use the old grip.try putting it in hot water [boiling] when it softens try twisting it off.Hope its not glued.Just cut the left one off...Its on with super glue..Some times you can use water pump plyers and twist them to break the grip of the super glue..I have also used a razor knife to cut them off. When you put the new one on make sure you scuff up the handlebar before re applying the glue and puting the handle bar grip on. Also sometimes you can pry a screw driver under the grip and squert WD-40 under there to help ease it off..If your not saveing it just cut the Bastard off.Forget air pressure & NO GREASE-Razor them off (carefull on plastic twist grips on throttle) or jam long skinny screwdriver inside & spray contact cleaner in while twisting back & forth. Gasgacinch is good for replacing-contact cleaner cuts it. USA Honda mechanic.Gain access to a workshop air-line. If the old grip does not have a small hole in the "blocked" end then drill one. Get someone to block the other end of the bar, place the air-line nozzle in the small hole in the grip and blow. This will inflate the grip and it can be pulled off easily. If the grip is glued this process may not work and it may need to be cut off. To fit the new ones put a tiny smear of grease (NOT TOO MUCH) in the open end, block off the opposite end of the bar to which you are fitting the grip, put the greased end of the grip over the end of the bar and inflate as before and at the same time push the grip on. Repeat for the other grip. I've done it this way many times.twist and pull
if your car has a 60/40 rear folding seat that's your answer depending on the yr there may be a manual latch inside witch is standard equip now. why not the key is the reason obvious does the lock assembly loOK ok at a glance eg.is there rust inside the tumbler, spray some rust inhibitor in on the tumblers and work the key back and forth ..don't break the key!!!! check the fuse panel for a blown fuse location and description can be found on cover or in owners manual finally as in most mechanical issues a detailed account of exactly whats happening will give the person (mech)your soliciting advice from a better chance at diagnosing the issue with minimal guess work for instance when did it start what were the conditions at the time eg. did someone slam into your trunk with a bulldozer lolCheck the fuse that opperates your electronic trunk openning feature.I have the same problem but with the bonnet of my car - looks like we have to call in the professionals, and that's gonna cost!Blowtorch.yhea, whatever the 13 year of experience guy said, or just freaking jack that crap up with a flat head screwdriver.
I'm sure that the crew chief changes are still being felt throughout the team.  Remember that last year he swapped with Michael Waltrip and everything was set back at zero.. Plus, its still not impossible for him to win 6 races this year.  There are 28 weeks left (Tony Stewart won 5 races over 7 weeks in 2005).  And this week they're at Talladega, Dale Jr's best track.There are a ton of factors in winning a race.  Jr is doing just fine right now.  There are changes in the team makeup and of course the constant rule changes from nascar.  Jr will make the chase this year.  We're headed to 'Dega this week - look for him to do well on the restrictor plate races.  There's a long way to go in the season, don 't count him out.CALM DOWN...THERE'S HOW MANY RACES LEFT????? WE'VE GOT PLENTY OF TIME. BESIDES, I'D RATHER SEE JR BE CONSISTENT THAN GET ALL THESE WINS...I'D RATHER HAVE A CHAMPIONSHIP.I really love Jr. but he sure ain't his daddy!!
If the fan does not shut off after a few minutes, please check the relay, it may be bad.  A common problem for all electrical fans.  If you fan runs on a belt, then it should be off as soon as your shut off the vehicle.it will shut off after a few minutes it is just cooling off your car- settle down!It should shut off eventually, . If it stuck on continueously for more than 5 minutes, you've got a fan relay that's stuck.. . Replace the fan's relay.Tose fans are electric, and tied to engine temp, not to the mechanical link withthe motor (like in the old days). This is a good sign, unless it runs for hours.YOU PROBABLY HAVE A BAD RELAYthat is the radiator fan which is controlled by temperature it will run till the temp reaches a certain point preventing overheating after you turn off the engineIf your vehicle is a Chevy & it has reached the temp of 220 then the fan will continue to run even after you turn your car off until the engine cools down enough.Depends on the car but it could be that the fan relay is stuck open.
All you need is the correct wiring harness, which you should be able to purchase where you bought the receiver.  Then it's just a question of getting the old one out.  Visit a Nissan dealership and ask them if you can borrow their tool for popping out the stock radio.a car kit and a wire harnessget wire harness form best buy of circuit city also take the black or word grain trim form around the heat radio and you should see some screws easy to do
that's how polluted where we live in.. . go to the countryside and you won't have that kind of problem.. . less pollution = less dirt on your carBecause you live on a dirt road.It's this dirty air we have due to smog.You wash your car?  Why?Maybe it is pollenwell how long has it been since you seen rain because in Fla we have none and it is very dusty down here.it open up the pores of the paint due to the warmth and the friction, the metal is charged with electricity and the dust in the air sticks to it. dry the car with a silicone wiper blade instead to reduce the charge. or go for a drive to get the water offCause that's life. You hate it but you gotta live with it.Just get a license plate that says "PIGPEN."wind... if it's dusty your car will get dusty tooprobably pollen... i have the same problem and it drives me nuts!!static electricity. as you rub the car clean it becomes charged and dust and pollen are then attracted.I live in Georgia and mine is covered w/pollen cause it's spring.First of all, are you waxing your car?  I know it sounds weird, but if you wax, it really does keep your car shinier and cleaner (if you don't get all the wax off, it will leave a sort of dusty residue). Second, are the trees in bloom where you are?  There's been lots of pollen in the air that would look like dust when it landed on your car.. Finally, are you sure you washed your car really well?  I had to wash my boyfriend's car twice the other day because he had not waxed in a very long time.  Even though I scrubbed very hard, the car will still covered with black dirt.  The second wash and a lot of scrubbing finally removed it and the car looks great now.
All cars can go in a figure eight if there's enough space.Finding a driver capable in driving in a figure 8!. All cars can make many shapes as long as you have the space....with two left tiresany car can go in a figure eight, if you steer it that way, what are your really asking for?what is a figure eight?. are u talking about a 8 sec car in the quarter mileWithout a driver, I am hoping? Right? Well the answer to that would be a counter weight mounted on the stearing wheel, that would reach one side of a measured distance or turn, and would use the kinetic energy of the car to shift the weight back and forth from each side, causing the car to turn in different directions at the appropriate time. Another theory would be a belt/pulley configuration powered by an internal motor, that would pull on belts to turn the wheel when set on a correct program.
The chasis is essentially the frame of the car.  The body, engine and transmission are all bolted to the chasis.  A chasis is typically lubricated at all of the locations where something is bolted to it.  The main purpose is to prevent noises such as squeeks from coming from your car while you drive.the part the car body sits on is called the chassis.. the big metal structure that holds wheels and engine in place... lube goes all around nuts/bolts & joints to stop rubbing...
1. the Federal Government and State Governments keep adding more and more taxes on the gasoline.. . 2. The price of crude oil keeps going up for a lot of reasons.. . 3 Environmental Wackos that stop the drilling everywhere in the US that has thousands of years supply of oil in the ground.in nc the government keeps raising gas taxes thats why its so high here.People who want to make money sell the gas.. . If people who wanted to give you the best deal on gas sold it, the price would be much lower.. . I personally don't like the situation.  Since gas prices influence the price of all material products that are shiped by truck, I think the government should control fuel costs in some way.Well for one thing countries where there is oil such as Venezuela and Middle Easter countries (where 65% of the world oil just happens to be at) we dont get along with these countries so they control how much oil they want to give us and oil prices. OPEC people also has something to do with controlling high gas prices and yes it is greed. Also there is a shortage of gas in the world. We only have about 7% of the worlds oil and some of thats in Alaska but environmental people such as the EPA or Greenpeace want to protect the natural wilderness and wildlife in Alaska so no body can drill there. Last time I checked gas is up to $70 a barrel so thats a record high. So between greed, hatred, a shortage of oil, and some environmental hippies gas prices are high. Thats why we need to find alternatives to crude oil. Its not going to last forever and we could possibly run out by 2009. I personally feel like somebody needs to take action by trying to lower gas prices are finding alternatives to crude oil.since katrina struck, some of the oil refineries have broken, causing high gas prices. But they're fixing it and it'll go down.GREED, nothing more than pure simple GREED.The price of crude oil is going up.. . For the next year I wont mind, then i'm going to be messed up $3-4 a gallon by the time I can driveI agree with the GREED answer.  I think we should look to alternatives.  someday the gas will run outOil is a non-constant resource. . . We will run out soon and demand is still high for it.. . Prices will continue to rise until the end.Mr. Chili just gave the best anwser you will get, exactly what i was going to say.because people are using the possible war with iran as an exuse to get more money for their product which sucks since the u.s. only gets about 25 percent of their only from the middle eastBecause of Bush and his war against Iraq.  Fighting for oil, gas, etc...  When we all have hybrid vehicals, no more war for oil and gas.
There are books of vehicles laws that you are supposed to know, They are free to look up anywhere, the courthouse, library and such. even online in most states.. You arent going to get out of it and by trying to do so will cause yourself more and bigger finesis it a fixet ticket if it is then all you have to do is put the license plates on it and go to the police station and have it signed off.  By the way when you get your drivers licens you are saying that you will adhear and know all the vehicle codes of your state CA has over 2000.  If your car is brand new they you should have had something in the window from the dealer that counts as a licens plate other than that you have to have the realy ones on.  You just lost $49Best thing I can say is, take it to court. When I say court, I'm not taking about the typical court that you see on TV. You should have some stub or ticket stating a phone number you can call to see if you can 'challenge' the fee and possibly get it 'discounted'. Call the phone number on the ticket and see if this is possible.Dale S is correct, check the city ordnance,but i don't see any way of getting out of it, as all city ordnance's in each state are different.
oil gets thinner when it's hot and easier gets sucked into cylinders through worn piston rings and valve guides / seals. Tty thicker oil, or specail anti-smoke additives that make the oil thicker, this may help a little.. If not, the engine needs to be rebuilt.old / burned valves or the oil just doesnt convert into smoke until the pipes get warmed up and hot enough.If it is a white smoke, it is most likely the head gasket. Coolant is getting into the combustion chambers, and you are seeing it through the exhaust. This will usually only show up on a warm motor!worn valve seats or burnt valvesit needs new rings on the pistons
Depends on if ya want a temperary power or if ya want 24/7 power. For a temp. power, try using nos or racing fuel. And for a 24/7 and depending on how much more power you want try anyone of these: supercharger/turbocharger (duel or single setup), bigger exhaust (duel setup if possible), upgrade your air intake, and use a bigger carberator (duel if you want more power).Hypertech Programmer, FlowMaster Exhaust, or a Cold Air Intake.. Gm makes 2 different kit now for the Cobalts to add horsepower. Check w/your local Dealer.a smaller supercharger pully will speed up the impellars in the sc itself and push more air into the motor, but they can only spin so fast and put out so much air, so be carefull, also, when spining the sc faster, it heats air more, and hot air isnt good for power, so a larger intercooler can somewhat offset this, the ecotecs are good motors but they can be broken just like any other, so tune away but dont break it!!headers,massive air flow intake,ram air flow,exhaust,inter coolers,etc....
Are you in the UK or America? Rules are slightly differentIf you're an instrument rated pilot, then it's easy and you already know how.  If you're not an instrument rated pilot, then you have no business being in IMC conditions in the first place.. . If the only multi-engine aircraft you have ever seen is on Microsoft Flight Simulator, then use the tutorial to learn how to fly in instrument conditions.How can i pilot a multi [engine] aircraft in imc condition[s]?. . 1) Get a pilots license with a multi-engine rating.. 2) Take off into cloudy weather.. 3) Maneuver the aicraft by referance to insturments while in clouds.. . . As stated already, if you aren't rated you have no business flying in actual conditions!
Call the Nissan Company ( they have a 1-800 # ) and ask them to send you one, tell them you did not get one with your car.service manual or owner's manual?  . . if service manual, go to the library.follow this link. http://www.autozone.com/servlet/UiBroker?UseCase=RG001&UserAction=processMake&Parameters=086
"flare craft" are actually ground-effect vehicles, or "Cushion-craft"...  they depend on a large, semi-stable cushion of air, under the body of the vehicle, generated by a large wing.  The vehicle "rides" on the cushion, anything up to 10 ft off the surface and needs very little energy to keep it up there, once it's established, so they could be a very efficint means of transport if developed for other than military means - they're mainly seen in an anti-submarine role in Eastern Eruope, last time I heardworks great.
It's pretty easy, you'll just disconnect the current one and then reconnect the new one.  If you're worried about being electrocuted, have somebody hold the connectors if that makes you feel safer.  As long as you're not touching both terminals on the battery, there's no chance of you getting electrocuted.. . Also, make sure you put the positive back on the positive and the negative back on the negative.1,Disconnect the negative wire first . 2, Remove the fastening bracket of the battery. 3,Now disconnect the positive wire. 4,Carefully remove the old battery (Be aware of Acid). 5,Install the new battery . 6, Dry acid & maintenance free battery is recommended. 7, Refit the fastening bracket of the battery. 8, Connect the positive wire first. 9, now connect the negative wire. Job done. Start your car and enjoyEASY!!. . Make sure your keys are out of the ignition... . open bonnet... . Find battery.... . Undo nuts on either side of the battery (there should be a lond bit of metal over the top of your battery). . Lift long piece of metal sitting on top of the battery... . unscrew nut on the negative side first (the black coloured wire or the one thats uncovered) and remove clamp.... . Lift plastic red cover off the other side undo nut on there (make sure the negative connector is not touch the battery or you). . take out battery and reverse the process to put the other one in..first its hard to get electicuted by a car batt.. . 1)get under the hood,locate batt.. 2)unhook the negative first. 3)then the possitive. 4)then put the new batt.in. 5)hook the possitive(red)to the +. 6)hook the negative(black)to the -
1.Get Someone to blow it off with a bazooka. 2. Go to IraQ and call osama a stupid weiner head. 3. Jump off a really tall 10 story building head first. 4. Take a sledgehammer 2 it. . DO NOT REALLY TRY THIS AT HOME, OR ANYWHERE FOR THAT MATTERGo to a parts store and buy a manual for your car for about $16.00(HAYNES) it'll tell you how to do it.they're NOT ALL THE SAME.Don't wear a Bush t-shirt to Iraq! Good Luck!Head off of a car, truck, motorcycle?unscrew ita car or the /head above your sholders
Other than the obvious (smoke, noise) the best thing to do is to have a compression test done on the vehicle. When there is a problem with wear, it will show up as a loss of compression in one or more cylinders.loss of power bad gas mileage  smoke when you first start it up... everything starts going bad ...Smoke, engine rattling, hard starting, loss of power, and lack of acceleration.. Smoke would be most noticible. If the engine smokes, it can lead to costly repair.Decrease power. white puffy smoke while running. ticking from the engine while running. stumble in the idle
Because the trucking industry does a lot of lobbying. They have the money to fight truck regulations. That's why you can see trucks blowing black smoke into the air, yet us car drivers have to get emissions and inspections every year.Diesel fuel does not produce harmful emissions (although the soot is unpleasant).New cars don't need one eitheri dont know
Lincoln discontinued the auto dim lights back in the early 1990's so I don't think your 1999 has auto dim lights.  But check your owners manual to be sure.Are you asking about the auto headlight feature that turns your headlights on when it is dark and then off when the car is turned off. The auto headlight feature is standard in lincoln town cars the automatic feature will be a slide switch on the bottom of the rear view mirror or on the headlight switch on the left side of the dash you can turn it to the left for the auto feature if there is not a symbol on the left side of the off position it is not in the headlight switch. hope this helps i personally love the auto feature you never have to worry about leaving your headlights on and not being able to start your vehicle.
Check the wiring to the lights and also check something called a Backup/Neutral safety switch. Also look at any shifting switches on the tranny.I have the same problem with my '96, and am still trying to figure it out.  From what I have read, it could be your neutral safety switch.  It seems like they are known for wearing out over time.  The good news is that it looks like it is something that can be cleaned out, and reinstalled.  Good luck, and let me know if it helps.. Cheers!. Timberpunk1, Check the fuse. 2, Check the wiring connecting socket of the reverse light switch (located out side the gear box.). 3, Check the Reverse light switch or sensor. 4,Replace the sensor if necessaryloose wire or blown fuse would be a good guess.the sensor on the transmission is bad. Take it to your local mechanic, and have them replace it for you.could be any of the aboveCheck the wiring connections. It's probably lose wires. Or a blown fuse!!!. . Mastettech I didn't think about that!!
Every car rental place is different.  I do know that all or MOST car rental places require that you have a credit card in your name.  You need to contact the different car rental places and ask them.How much more what? The price to rent, does not change with your age. You should have full coverage insurance, a valid driver license, and a major credit card, other than that, the price will be the same.try calling the car companies yourself!Enterprise charges 10 extra dollars a day.  i'm not sure about other places.
teleportationI get to work in a 4x4 jeep.In his plowIn his four wheel drive vehicle during the summer and winter. If a big snow storm is anticipated, they sometimes take the snow plow home with them.He goes to work before it starts snowing. Don't you ever watch the news before a snow storm. They are already putting down de-icer hours before the snow starts.He plows his way there. or  He drives. ??
Amish don't ride in cars even as passengers (there is an exception, but I won't get into that). There are many other groups of people who tend to dress similarly to the Amish you were probably confuxing them with.There horses are on a coffee break or thy are on strike for more haycause the can't ride there buggy's in a long ride to the store to buy foodAmish people do not ride in cars.  You are thinking of  the Mennonites who do ride in cars.I would guess they believe in them, they just don't own them? ~:()=Why cant you navigate an Amish website, they dont believe in buttons.if they're driving they're probably Mennonite not Amish.
The principal of the sterile cockpit is for flightcrew to concentrate on critical phases of operation of aircraft. Important time are when taxiing, taking-off and landing. The idea of the sterile cockpit, is to remove all influences that might distract the pilots, after all, its a pretty poor show if we can't keep it together for the first ten minutes and last five!There is a chemical in the Pilot and First Officer's seat on many airlines that secreet into the genitalia of those who sit in them. This is to hinder the sperm count and therefore reduce the chances that they will produce more pilots. In the event that a flight crew arrives that has had their full dosage of this amazing chemical, then the cockpit is deemed "sterile".. . . This is not true, but incredibly brilliant. Sterile Cockpit means that the only people in the cockpit are the ones that need to be there. Captain, F.O., and F.E. if they aren't extinct yet.In 1981 the FAA enacted FAR 121.542 and FAR 135.100 to help curb the number of these accidents. Commonly known as the "sterile cockpit rule", these regulations specifically prohibit crew member performance of non-essential duties or activities while the aircraft is involved in taxi, takeoff, landing, and all other flight operations conducted below 10,000 feet MSL, except cruise flight.
are you sure you went to a drivers school?If you paid for drivers education and you didn't get it AND attended the classes, I would suggest asking for you money back. Personally, I think you could have checked the school out by asking former students about the courses. If they would not give you references of former students, I wouldn't have enrolled..something fishy going on. Is this a DMV licensed school? If you attended classes, and IF you paid attention, then there should have been driver's training in vehicles. IF you didn't get any of this, a simple report to the DMV will end that school's life. I suggest you choose another driving school and check out the references. If all is good, then go back to the new school and learn to drive. Once you have passed the course, go to the DMV, pass the written and driver's exam and you will get a license...assuming you are old enough to drive, that is.hmm, go to another school ??? They should provide lessons, both theory and practice
rumor has it that gas will be over 3 bucks a gallon within the next 30 days and we will not see it below 3 a gallon againThey will continue rising infinitely. The prices of gas are only rising because of inflation. If you compare the price of gas to the price 10 years ago, the change will be equal to that of everything else affected by inflation.$5 by end of summerWhat ever Bush wants them to be, or Chaney, Bush sold Pens-oil and Chaney bought it. There doing this cause they have just opened up a company to sell electric cars and are selling the stocks. When enough stocks are sold to the right people then the products will be on the market.i would say through the roof, but i dont think the oil industry has a roof for gas prices, I.E. Record quarterly profits.To infinity and beyond as long as our idiot President and his ilk in Congress continue to do nothing about it.  Also, everyone needs to quit buying gas-hogging cars like SUVs.close to 3.50 this summerI think they're supposed to be over three dollars by the summer.
If it's happening in your own garage, you can get a small inflated rubber thing that hangs from the ceiling in your garage. This acts as a bumber in between two cars!Park at the far end of the parking lot where no other cars are and take up two spaces.
you can pull the #4 fuse or take out the bulb.  There are kits out there that were made specifically for this problem.. here's a link to one of them.. good luckremove the fuse ?Behind your glove box is the fuse cluster.  Remove the fuse marked 'door defeat' on the corresponding map. I think that's what its called.  I'm a little too lazy to go out and look, sorry, but don't worry, you'll figure it out.  ps..99=TJJust an FYI yj's are 87-95 (you have a tj 97-2006). . The new 07+ wrangler with be the JK, not to be confused with J/Kthere should be a button in the body near the hinge points that depresses when the door closes. easiest thing to do is put a peice of clear packaging tape over the button to hold it down. this will turn off the lights just as if the door was closed.
See howstuffworks.comGas and Air are injected into a cylynder chamber.  The cymber is then lit on fire with a spark (spark plug).  The cylynder chamber then expands pushing the cyclinder....which turns the crankshaft which in turn turns the transmission which in turn turns the axle which in turn turns the wheels.fuel is burned providing combustion energy. . . this energy alongside with other complicated things turn a shaft (called a crankshaft) . . the crankshaft will then rotate other thingsThis is a big question, so here goes.. . There are 3 completely different kinds of engines..    1)  Gas Internal Combustion Engines.        A)  4 Stroke.        B)  2 Stroke.    2)  Diesel Internal Combustion Engines.        A)  4 Stroke.        B)  2 Stroke.    3)  Gas Turbine, Jet, and Rocket engines.. . I don't know which one you want to discuss, so I will adddress the Gasonline engines.. .    First of all, a stroke is one movement of the piston ie. from top of the cylinder to bottom is one stroke.  The distance is controlled by the "Throw" of the crank shaft and the length of the cylinder wall.  So have I lost you yet?  . .    Think of a bicycle pedel, the "Crank" has a pedel on each side.  The distance from the center of the crank to the center of the bolt holding the pedel on is. the "Throw."  The "Stroke" is twice the length of the throw, or from the top of one pedel to the bottom of the other pedel. The word "Top" means that the piston itself is as close to the cylinder head as it can get. . .    A crank shaft has the same feature except your foot goes on the bicycle pedel and the piston goes on top of the crank shaft.  It is connected from the crank shaft to the piston by means of a "Connecting rod". .    4 Strokes,  the first stroke of a 4 "Cycle" engine draws an air mixture into the cylinder.  Sometimes the cylinder is called the combustion chamber.  So, by means of an "Intake valve" which opens on the intake stroke, the piston travels from the top to the bottom and draws air into the cylinder.  This is called the intake stroke.  Then the crank shaft because it is turning reverses direction of the piston so that it travels up from the bottom, to the top.  The intake valve closes before the piston is pushed up causing "Compression" of the air taken in from the intake stroke.  This is called the "Compression Stroke". .    Some where between the beginning of the intake stroke and the end of the compression stroke, fuel is introduced to the cylinder, either by carberation, or fuel injection system.  It depends on how the engine was designed.  Modern engines are fuel injected.  It produces more efficient operation for both power and economy.. .    So now we have completed the Intake, and the Compression strokes.  At a point determined by the design of the engine, the spark plug fires.  This correlation between the compression stroke and the spark plug now days is controlled usually by a computer.  When the piston reaches a point of 6 to 0 Degrees Before Top Dead Center(TDC)the spark plug ignites the fuel air mixture and causes an explosion inside the "Combustion Chamber."  Thus the term, "Internal Combustion Engine.". . Don't worry about the degrees Top Dead Center, or TDC.. . When the fuel/air mixture ignites, the explosion pushes the piston back down.  This is the 3rd stroke.  It is called the "Power Stroke", Then the piston comes back up, while an "Exhaust Valve" is open and pushes the exhaust fumes, debris etc out through the exhaust system.. . So now we have . .    1)  Intake  Stroke .    2)  Compression  Stroke .    3)  Power Stroke .    4)  Exhaust Stroke. .    These are the workings of a 4 Stroke engine.  These strokes are the same for a gasoline engine as for a diesel engine.. .    The major difference between the two engines are, the compression ratios on the compression stroke, the ignition methods, and the type of fuel used to run the engine.. . This is the best I can do on a short discussion.  Encyclopedia's and the internet show really good descriptions of how these engines work.  Look under "How Stuff Works, Engines". . Hope I have helped you.gasoline goes through a fuel injector or carburator and when the spark pluge are electrically ignited, it causes a small explosion and the piston moves up. then that sets off a chain reaction of gears and rod movements which are guided by the steering wheel. the gas pedal regulates the amount of gasoline into the engine,therby controlling the speed of the car
Hi, I'm russian and speak russian.. Vaz is not a word, maybe it was "vas" which is a form of the word "you" when talking to respectable people, people you do not know and adults. "Vaza" means "vase" (eg, with flowers, lol).. Hope it hepls!it's the same as zav...only backwards.
RTFM....Read The Fu(king ManualAll u got to do is take it apart not to hard to fix. i have one tho but im selling it dont like honda that much and it got old real quick but thats my fault i guessIf you are not a mechanic and do not have enough tools first of all I would strongly recommend you to take your car in your nearest Honda dealership workshop or someone who specialise on honda vehicles.It is a bit complicated job  for the first timer. .   . If you are in australia and member of  NRMA or RACQ or RAWA I would better sugest you to call them and take assistance.
call a locksmithPop a Lock works well but you can also call the dealership and they should be able to get you a key code or even make one for you. either way it will cost between $25 and $50on some models you can remove the door lock and take it to a locksmith. remove the door panel completely using a screw driver on the individual spring tabs , remove all screws out of door handles. take your time
Not so difficult - just like any other modern car. The problems begin when you remove the head and find it is warped. Then it gets expensive!quite a bit invoved in changing ur head in a bma, it would be better and cheaper to by a second hand motor
The best radar detector ever made comes factory installed in every vehicle. It's called a speedometer.Ask the nearest cop, they keep theirs updated with the money they get from speeders with older detectors.  Do the limit and enjoy the ride.Valentine V1 is the worlds best!!! It's expensive but well worth it!!! It practically make you invisible to the police radar. But the price is definitly worth it considering it will cost you more if you get caught and pay for the ticket, driving school, lawyer, and not to mention Insurance!!! And Valentine has a GUARANTEE with their product!!!! Check them out!!!
Probably just need to get the sensor reset. I had a car that always did that, nothing was wrong other than a faulty sensor.Oxygen sensor getting burned out.  take it to Autozone and have them check it real quick...it's freeI recently had something simlar happen to my vehicle.  It was as simple as, not putting my gas cap on all the way.  What happens is the air gets into the tank and sends something to the sensor.  This causes the check engine light to come on.  They will still have to readjust the sensor to turn it off.  But, in my case, it was nothing major.  Do have a certified mechanic check it out.  But always remember to check and make sure your gas cap is on all the way.  GOOD LUCK!Your car may need a tune up. There are many reasons for check engine light coming on. Your best bet would be to go to Autozone or Advanced Auto and ask them to check out the trouble code. They will do this for free and you will know for sure the reason.
how many horses can u get in a jeep ?? O.oAsk a mechanic or look for a Jeep enthusiasts' organization.There are a ton of Jeep stores that sell performance part online... do a search of "Jeep AND performance"try only using the premium gas and keep changing your air filterUse a high quality oil. This will help lubricate better. If u want 2 go crazy add fuel injection.go to a ferrari and ask for an enzo engine and put it in the jeepMost people want more horse power, they don't try to get rid of it. But how about investing in a pile of hay?!Cold air intake and a cat back exhaust are the best bang for the buck. www.summit.com is the best place to start. A good tune up will help too. Do you want to tow or just general performance?you can do cold air intake, exhaust, computer programer or chip. these are usually the only things you can do to a inline six if thats what you got but if its a v8 i dont know what you can do thats simple but there are a lot more things.. . oh and for the first hand full of ppl that answered to this question you guys are dumb get a brain and do all of us a favor and dont answer questions with dumb answers. if you dont know what to put DONT ANSWER!cancel the fuel injection and mount a 4-barrel performance carburator,also use headers instead of regular mufflers...you also could change the angle of the camshaft,but it would seriously cause your engine to fall apart sooner...Focus on your intake, and your exhaust.   These two are fairly simple and somewhat cheap upgrades that will allow you to get 15+ HP.  Headers,Cold Air Intake, more free flowing exhaust, clean out your throttle body of any carbon deposits that would slow down air flow, new plugs, better wires, better coil, and the list goes on......open the doors - they will leave on their ownI'm wondering how he got horses in there in the first place.you dont want them to leave thats more horse power!!!!!!!Get rid of the pulley driven fan and replace with a electrical operate fan and not forgeting to solder a temperature sensor and relay on the water side(radiator)If you really need to go faster change to a smaller wheel and rim size and that also lower the whole car. Cheap and efficient.no need to go for high performance part ,how fast can your jeep go???have a bigger engine.first you can start off with a catback exhaust, upgrade your firing system(spark plugs, wires, ignition coil), you can add a turbo charger which helps with air intake, and you could hone your bores in the engine.  check out www.advanceautoparts.com for cheap performance parts and upgrades.Better air intake aways help, If you need more after that id suggest to get better exhaust and maby replace some of your pistonsIt depends on how crazy you want to get.  First steps are cold air intake, better flowing exaust.  From there you can add a performance chip and/or rebuild the motor with a stroker kit and higher compression pistons.  The sky is the limit.
to use an analogy.. . Port is like a city. Terminal is like the suburbA port is a large area, such as New York Harbor, or the Port of Houston.  A terminal is a dock or group of docks owned and operated by a company or entity that a ship will tie up to in order to discharge or load cargo.
What you are referring to is a tail code.  It does not indicate a unit, it does indicate a base, in this case Pope AFB.  Tail codes can be searched at the site listed below.Usually the tail letters in the US Air Force's aircraft means which base they are stationed at. But, aircraft since 9-11 have been scattered around the country. Do a search on line and see what you get and let us know.
Gorilla Glue -- it's a brand -- you can get it at Target, Wal-Mart, any of those sorts of stores.  My mirror broke off, too and my dad told me about Gorilla Glue.  It really worked!Go to any auto parts dealer they have one of this glue thing for it. its about like $2.99. Comes with cleaner read Instruction before you use.u have several choices to make. you can get a mechanic to fix it, get a new car, get help from a neighbor, or u can always use the option of applying glue....well it could work.if its just came off the windshield use an epoxy tho glue it back onwith mirror adhesive
The best thing to do first is to decide who you want to repair your vehicle. Have your car there when the appraiser comes to see it. Then the appraiser and the body shop can decide together the cost of the repair. It's a lot easier that way for you as you are not in the middle.show them your higher estimates and say you can't get it done for that amount.you could get several estimates from different shops or dealers that you would want to fix it and after he/she gives you there estimate you can usually come up w/happy medium for both you and adjuster. if have full coverage demand useing new parts instead of used from junkyard,most full coverage HAS to do this at your request,most people dont know this and ins. co. doesnt want you to know. this will jack up est. high and then pick where you want it fixedthe shop can submit a supliment to the appraisers estimate when addional damage is found
You may be able to get some of the salt up with a damp sponge and plain water, or use a carpet cleaner like you would use to spot clean carpets in your home. Once the carpets are dry, invest in some rubber floor mats to protect your carpets from further damage.Try carpet cleaner (the stuff they sell in autoparts stores).. Or, you can try some lemon juice on a sponge.  Its an acid, the salt is an alkali.salt hey? or u mean a salty white liquid??
Perhaps because it heats the (engine) block?  Just a guess........In very cold conditions you can use a block heater to warm the engine block a bit before driving.Lubrication viscosity will be improved as will engine endurance and you will have heat to top it off.The engine of a car is known as the 'engine block', it is usually cast, more or less, out of solid metal.  I imagine a block heater is to warm it up prior to starting up on exceptionally cold days.........It heats the block so that the oil stays warm in the winter and flows to the moving parts faster when you start it up.Cause it keeps the engine 'Block' warm!a block heater keeps the radiator coolant warm which in return heats the blockIt heats the engine block.Diesel engines are very difficult to start when it is cold. The block heater plugs in and keeps it warm so when you go to start it it fires right up.because it is designed to keep your engine block warm so the oil will flow correctly.. only used for vehicles in low temperatures for extended periods.
With an a/c recovery machine. Without one the fines are up to 25K if you get caught. Regardless of what type, it must be recovered properly.First you have to have a quality vacuum pump that costs maybe $250. And then you have to obey the EPA rules for recycling refrigerants. It might be better to take it to a shop that has the recycling machine. Also, if it's R12 freon, you can't buy it without a license.
Shelby got it right.  Just make sure that whether you have a manual car or an automatic you step on the brakes while doing it! Sometimes, people do it when the engine gets below the 1 mark... sorry I don't know the proper terms for these but I'm female and all I know is how to drive the car. Someone just told me to do that so that the engine wouldn't die down.Yeah really, why?  . In either case, you need to be in neutral to rev the engine.. With a manual, take it out of gear and rev the engine while pressing the brake.. In an automatic, shift to neutral, press the brake, rev the engine.. . In any case, only idiots do this kind of thing.I think your question should be WHY?If you are wanting to do a burnout,then keep in gear and hold your brakes and gas down(need to have GOOD brakes),also works best with a rear wheel drive.Also, thank you for the answer to my font question,it worked(shows what I know on computers!!)We are all very impressed when we are next to such a vehicle.   Not.Neutral or cluth in...both are very effective ways to speed along your trip to the next gasoline station.  The tire squeelers and engine revs make me think of how rich Cheney ALREADY is and how Bush and he must LOVE to hear those noises...Cha Ching!first, get a new car, cuz tracers suck.. in an automatic, put it in neutral, press the gas all the way down, when the light turns green, slam it into drive and keep the throttle pressed. in a manual, press the clutch in, redline it, and release the clutch and wind through the gears.goto neutral or push in the clutchIf you're driving a manual transmission car,by having your foot on the clutch pedal you're taking it out of gear,so you can rev up all you want and it won't move,if you're driving an automatic transmission car,you have to shift to neutral and then rev it up,but I agree with the rest,WHY?
Come on, what size engine? The V6 is different than the V8...go down to your library, and get a Chiltons book. I took a car apart and put it back together with a Chiltons book! 1979 Camaro Z28!well i know somone that could do it for you for a small price.Email me back at kf8890@yahoo.combuy a manualgoto autozone.com for the manual online or hit me on my im at dsmgst1996This Question is unaswerable as yet. Please Re ask with eng. type and size so I know what we'er dealing with. If memory serves, there are about 5 different eng.'s and each probably has at least two possible water pump part #'s, depending on mfgr. plant, and how your car was originally ordered. Once we know the specific's we can get ya' started on twisting the wrench. RedEft
yeah in some states there is a set limit to the number of times a new car can be repaired for the same thing before it is deemed a lemon. i beleive here in california it is three. and its not just for cars either, it also applies to some consumer electronicsproduct or investment producing poor performance.a car that continually needs repairs is a lemon,and consumers are guaranteed a FULL REFUND IN SEVERALSTATES UNDER SUCH LAW!.
What's a tuck? Is that like Friar Tuck?Pretty basic, there are bolts pretty much all along the inside edge of the fender.  Get the obvious ones, then carefully pull apart, and you might find a couple here and there...Don't forget about the ones bolted to the front grille! Oh, and keep the bolts organized!It unbolts. There are bolts on the top edge under hood.. Also bolts in door jam and behind headlight. .   Litle diddicult to help if no one knows what kind of truck you have.up under the hood it could be bolted or it could be spot welded if it is spotted weld grind the welds then of yur choce u can drill it and put bolts back in it or re-spot weld it
Because French cars are so 'bad' they went out of business in the USA!It really is incomprehensible how the same design of car can perform completely differently in different parts of the world. For instance, the Peugeot 504 had a reputation for unreliability in the USA, while it is demonstrably tough as nails in Africa.There are French cars here.because the Americans are not into European cars and stuff...and they are not really too well designed for conditions thereFrench cars are hideously ugly, pathetically engineered and imported.  U.S of A already has enough overpriced ugly cars.This is a very good question.  I wish there was Peugeot/Citroen/Renault here.  My only answer to this is that there is no market for them here, unfortunatley.  The jap cars are so overwhelming even the American made cars cannot keep up with them.Cuz French cars are unrelaible, plus they're powerless... nobody likes the French..Nowadays people want cars that have power like ford or chevrolet, or luxury cars like BMW, Mercedes, Audi, and japanese cars cuz they are the most cheap.they do have Peugeots in the us. people import them over.. . but the main reason why. is because people want FAST and LUXURIOUS cars now - a -days.  and french cars are just the opposite.  they just dont meet the needs of americans.  they want high powered import tuners that can go fast.
never turn your gain past 3/4.good answer jason!!To bridge an amp first you need to find out what ohms your speakers are and how many ohms your amp can handle. But the basic way to bridge an amp is to first run your speaker wire parallel from the speakers to the plug in the box (+ to + and - to -). Then you need to go positive from the box to the amp on the first channel then you need to go negative from box to second channel. To get the amp to stop turning off you should first go back and check all of your wiring.
the bones in the inner ear are designed to move in such a way that we maintain our equilibrium.  when the message the eyes send to the brain when looking at movement from within the car does not match the message the ears are sending to the brain the result is what's commonly referred to as motion sickness.because they have bad taste in the vehicle they drive.Because they look out the side window while the vehicle is in motion. That is what happens.Because they try to read while the car is in motion.  The right to left motion of the eyes does not go well with the up and down, front to back movement of the car.  The inner ear gets all confused and sends puking signals to the stomach.like sb has water-sick or air-sick
Sometimes there really isn't "sufficient" oil.  If you are using a dip stick to determine oil level you need to be aware that the marker on the stick can be incorrect.  Some sticks don't have markers, so you would need to determine sufficient oil another way.. . If you are sure you have sufficient oil, make sure the oil is in good shape.  If it's too thick, too thin, or too old it might not register.  Also make sure you are using the correct grade (like SAE 5W-30).. . Another possibility is that the oil filter needs to be changed.  If it is clogged or gummed up, your engine oil light will come on.. . The oil pressure sensor may be faulty.  They are cheap and easy to replace if you do it yourself.. . The oil pump may be faulty.  This would require some detailed work.my car does the same thing.  I was told, that till the engine heats up a little, the oil isnt registering.  My light goes off after 2-3 minutes.It's to worry you so you will take it to the dealer and spend a lot of money on some phoney problem they cook up.likely a messed up gauge, but make sure you do have oil in the vehicle. Sometimes the oil stick will show traces of oil when there isn't much oil there. It will appear as a slick on one side of the stick; it should cover the stick.Engine oil change warning comes at predetermined intervals. These are designed to remind you that your oil change service is due. This indicator does not mean that you have problem with your engine oilWhenever your "service engine" light comes on and stays on even though you have oil usually is a sign of two things: 1)02 sensor has gone bad and needs replacement or 2) exaust sensor which also might need replacement. If you are extremely lucky it could be that you didn't close your gas gage tight the last time you pumped gas. I would suggest try all these things cause my husband and I are having that same problem with our van and that is what we were told.If the engine oil warning light comes on there may be enough oil for the engine to continue running. BUT that doesn't mean that it is sufficient. The warning light is there for a reason. It means you are low on oil and that the engine needs some added. If you check the dip stick it may very well have oil on it. BUT that doesn't mean there is enough. Your engine can continue to run EVEN if there is NO OIL on the dip stick. BUT this doesn't mean there is enough. I would add some oil and thank God the engine hasn't blown up on you yet. BUT if there is actually like five quarts of oil in the engine and the warning light comes on then I would start looking at replacing the warning light sensor or check the wiring. This light is there for a reason. IF you are in the habit of checking your oil daily then I guess you could even  disconnect the warning light system. BUT I would advise against that.Oil pump could be going badSometimes the oil gets shifted to one side because of turning a corner or whatever and the oil does not register on the sensor. Then again, like one post said, your oil pump may be going out, in which case you may be stranded someday! Weeeee!There might be something else wrong with the engine.  You might take it in for service.It could mean your oil pressure is low, due to a malfunctioning oil pump.two words... muffler bearings.  that's all i'm sayingThe warning light is letting you know that your oil is low. You may just need some oil or an oil change.Hmmm.... . Faulty oil pressure sending switch,. Oil that is too thin,. Worn out engine,oil pump pressureThis is deliberate! It warns you that you are running out of gas. It tells you that you have to fill up your tank soon because the lamp will flash only for 50-60 more miles.Because the engine is not running low on oil... Your car's computer is!!!! Better get it some oil before it burns out and then burns out your wallet!!!!!!!!!!sometimes the oil sensors go on the car or you need an oil change. there is several different reason why it would come on.there could be too much oil, which is not really good for your engine, because the oil can get foamy.The computer does not need oil.  You might be low on blinker fluid though.your oil pressure is low. take it to the shop and have it tested
A 5-year-old Harley Sportster with only 6000 miles on it.  Obviously another POSER trying to sell a $6000 motorcycle for $14500.Auto parts stores sell wire wheel cleaner. Spray on, hose off.step 1) remove dirty wheels. step 2) replace with billet wheels.. . you said you wanted EZA toothbrush.A chrome polish called "mothers" will do the job.never dull will work. you can put it on a motorcycle jack and you can just turn the wheels so you do not have to keep rolling the bike back. i have a heritage softail classic and i put a chrome cover over my spokes and you can not see them.the best way is with chrome cleaner and polish i owened 2easy way?good luck!
most are 25 but you can call around and some will rent to 21 but you will have to pay more and they may make you get there insurance, just call around and see who will rent to you then go on line and get a cheaper rateThe age requirement for car rental in Arizona isn't regulated by statute; each rental company sets their own age requirements. For most companies, the minimum age for car rental is 25. However, it may be 21 for other companies (though they will usually charge a "young driver" fee).
Duct tape ;-). . Seriously, I think once vinyl tears, its torn for good.There are repair kits on the market, but it is going to depend on the size of the damaged area. A very small cut or hole may be able to be repaired, but for anything larger it is best to take it to a trim shop and have a new panel sewn in.
Meguairs make some excellent productstry useing whats called a (clay bar)you can find them at most auto parts storesClay.. . Or make a solution of 1 cup of white vinegar in warm water.  Rub gently with a soft sponge.  Wash, rinse, and wax.I'm fourteen and I do a lot of cleaning. The perfect way is to buy Mr clean eraser you get it wet and scrub it really hard on your car, walls every thing it's freakin amazing. Trust me
Auto trans? Need about 3 qts Honda ATF Z-1, and a crush washer part# 90471-PX4-000. Drain and fill, very easy.sorrells316 is wrong. They don't have a tranny pan. Just a drain plug on the side. No filter to replace,just drain and add 3 qts. of tranny fluid,drive and check the tranny dipstick with engine off.automatics,take bolts loose on pan, loosen them enough to drain fluid, then remove bolts to drop pan and clean with a clean rag, install pan with new gasket or silicone, fill with appropriate fluid through check tube, check manual or parts store to see how much fluid is needed, without emptying torque converter. if manual transmission, should be a drain and fill plug on drivers side of tranny. this type usually does not need replaced.the honda atf z-1 fluid part number is 08200-9001
I have a 98 Towncar (sits on the same panther body as your crown vic). If you are unaware of this, these cars all have the 4.6L Mustang motor. my car has 174,xxx miles on it and ive been looking for overhaul kits and summit has them for $700. They include pistons, gaskets, bearings, connecting rods, piston rings and much more. It is very possible to rebuild these motors and infact Chiltons even has a book that tells you step by step how to go about doing this. My guess is you were just cruising and not trying to be a road racer, because if you were just cruising and it was operating at normal engine temp, im pretty sure that your motor can be brought back to life.ANY motor can be rebuilt, but some, like yours, probably shouldn't be. If it got hot enough to seize up, there are cracks in the head and block. Repairable, but not reliable most likely. Buy a new engine from ford, or search out one from a salvage yard.James, thats true! their are was to repairing your current engine but they require extensive machine work and thats something only an engine repair shop can do. The best thing to do is to have your mechanic find you a used engine and put it in for you.Usually the repair costs to rebuild your engine are equivalent to (without a warranty) or exceed a re-manufactured engine. It can be rebuilt, but depending on what exactly is wrong could be even more expensive than a new engine. If you have to put oil in it often, that generally is a sign that there was a problem to begin with. Sorry for your loss. Remember that a new engine may seem expensive, but depending on your maintenance on the rest of the car, how much is it compared to a new vehicle? Usually cheaper!Yes, if you ran it out of oil the motor is probably finished. You have 2 choices -get a price on another used engine from an automotive wrecking yard and have it installed or buy another car.No there is no quick fix for this but to replace the engine. Get a used one if you cant afford a rebuit one.Dude, you may get it to run again, but if the motor is still frozen after cool-down, you have damaged all kinds of things like bearings, journals . . . It may never be right.Its possible that the motor can be rebuilt.  It depends on the damage that was done when it ran out of oil.  The simplest fix is to replace it with a "long block".Sorry to hear of the death of your car, but my husband says no. once the motor seizes up, that's it!!
I don't have an answer for you but I think you just asked the most important question of our time!Because the person was taking off her panties and the shoe got caught in the thong part and then it flew out the window.. .. .. .. .. .. why else??. . . tomBecause theres only one foot at the side of the roadThey are THE OTHER SHOE from a storeDrunk I think!I think its a statement about someone not caring about our environment.
Replace them - " They're shot ! "Treat them with Armourall.  it also puts a coat on your windscreen that repells water.Use Rainex.turn up the radiolmao replace them or use them when its wet out..  their probaly shot about 10 bucks for a new pair!!Never wipe on a dry window. Wipe them down with a cloth. If still squeaking, replace them. It is inexpensive and easy.
Most cars sold in countries with bad roads needing extra ground clearance come with Bad Road Packages. What you need to do is simply increase the ground clearance by installing bushes or using a new set of struts with longer travel. Also you need to stiffen the damper settings to stop it from bottoming out and the coil springs need to be of a more resilient composition like the ones used in High performance springs. Get rid of side skirts and bumper add-ons as they also reduce clearance drastically.going down cut the spring coil smaller.. rise it up heat the coil to longer or replace,. look for adjustable raise suspension,. . change shock absorbers eater casewhat the hell? heat coil up to longer? you are not gonna be able to stretch a spring steel coil so easy. use coil spring spacers and then you must re align the car. the car was designed to ride at the stock height. by changing ride height you must take into account everything else, shock travel, alignment and caster and camber of front wheels. not as easy as it sounds.
if rear the speaker comes out of the trunk no need to remove grill  and fronts you have to remove the doors 2 screws to remove handle  and two more screws inside the door handleFront or rear? . If its the rear it should be a Whole pannel with pop clips... the Front Im pretty sure You have to take the door pannel off (has the same pop clips) Use a Flat screwdrver and pry lightly and it should just pop off
i dont know how to put transmission fluid in a vechile but if you go to justanswer.com it should tell you how to do it i hope it helpsYou First locate the Level indicator , it not easy to see . its also very short. Pull it out start up the car you will need a slender but long funnel, add fluid where you pulled out, the level indicator. then recheck the fluid level.
Was the vehicle misrepresented to you in any way? Or are you just having buyers remorse?Part of the problem, as I see it is you bought a demo, which is still considered a "new" vehicle. A demo is a vehicle that was used by a dealership employee, but never has been titled. A used car would have already been titled and is sold as used. KBB will give you the value of a used vehicle, Edmund's may be giving you the value of a new one!
If you keep getting caught driving without a DL, at some point, when you get enough of those, they are going to revoke, rather than suspend your license.  Meaning you won't be able to get it back unless you jump through some pretty steep hoops.You will prob lose ur license and then if u keep on driving u will get probation or jail time
Just use a high pressure jet wash, we used to do it all the time - inside and outside the vehicles.  When you're jetting the engine keep it running and have someone rev the engine a bit, try to avoid getting too much water into the electrics.. . Use a wet-dry vac to remove as much water from the interior and fabrics and leave to dry in the air.. . Done this prehaps 100 times all told on all sorts of vehicles - mainly SUV's and ex-military vehicles, never had a problem.Pressure washer.  Or if you can get it to a car wash that you do yourself.....power washTake it to a power wash. You probably can power wash it all or steam clean.  maybe a little sand blasting will do.  You get, it right. Lots and lots of water. that clay is a real B????. Takes forever even for shoes to clean.with a power washer at your local car wash were you wash your car yourself
the common problem on 240 SX is throttle plate is binding cause by carbon deposit build-up.remove the intake air boot at the throttlebody and look for carbon deposit.clean it if it"s dirty.after that, open the throttle plate with your hand and it should move smoothly.if it not,the throttle plate shaft is bad.u need to replace it.Maybe fuel pressure regulator. You should check fuel pressure on it just to make sure. Then, check your idle, the screw is on the throttle body, and maybe raise it a little. And make sure that there's no tears in your intake manifold tube.. . And to those that don't like the American made cars, get out of our country then. You either support america all the way or you dont at all.Add this to your list, The throttle plate is not closing all the way.  It should close to the same point every time.  Took me awhile to catch that one.could be a loose wyer on your aultinator but still like with my car it couls be anything!it isn't working correctlySounds like a case of your car idling too low, too few RPM's.  Usually a pretty quick and easy adjustment if you take it to a shop.I would say that the main problem is that you are driving and import.  You should sell it, and buy a GM model to prop up the American auto industry.could also be a bad timing belt or sir flow sensor or even a hole in one of the hoses that is cause your car to stall.  Take it to the mechanic and see what it is, could be several reasons beside that,  if your check engine light is on take it to auto zone and get a free diagnosis to see what the problem is.The problem is that it the engine stops working.  Lack of fuel or your transmission is baked.240 sx is a beast u should fix it and pimp it out. and dont buy a F***ing GM they r S***. All american cars suck A**.. I love the 240 one of the best of its times.
I had this finish restorer made by 3M that you can buy at Walmart, try that with a normal rag at first. For the more thick area, you may to use a scrub pad with plenty of this stuff lightly to work it out. It will take time, but is less aggressive than paint remover.Give WD-40 a try.  It disolves just about everything.  Just try it on a small spot somewhere first (like inside the door jam) to make sure it doesn't harm the original paint.  It should be fine but check anyway.I suggest using ether thinnner or gasoline, I used ether thinner to remove the black paint from the decals on my truck and it worked great without messing up my paint, I've used gasoline to remove spray paint from other paint before too. Good Luck
get to a mechanic. you likely have a leak that the fan is sucking the fumes from. depending where the leak is , you could have a potential fire hazard.you have a leak, get the car checked!If it turns out that you don't have a gas leak then change your fresh air filter - not the one for the engine - it is for the air that comes into the passenger area. Might have to look in the manual to locate it.You should check and see if you have a gas leak!  Be careful!If you have a carburettor vehicle, it's from evaporation via tha air filter.a bad cabin filter and a leak ... check all ur fluids nu can prolly determine which one it is by the level ... top it up n take it to the mechanic to avoid an accident on the roadYou have a dangerous fuel line leak.  Don't smoke in your car, and have it looked at as soon as possible.  You're risking a fire or explosion.You don't have a gas leak it is probably a clogged or block vapor line that runs to your gas tank.  And it wouldn't have anything to do with turning on your A/C  maybe its bringing the smell into the car through the vents because your windows are closed up but its not because the air is running.. NOTE: if you had gas leaking you would see it on the ground.
Could be your transmission module acting up, fuel pump going out,dirty fuel filter.  Hard to tell with the info given.Its time for a tune up, when you apply the brakes a vacuum operated brake booster (the big black round thing between the brake master cylinder and firewall) provides assistance to reduce operator effort, this vacuum is provided by the engine and when operated in a harsh braking circumstance it has reduced the vacuum provided to the engines intake system which can bring on a "stall" condition.. A good mechanic can give it a thorough check up and make the required adjustments, it may be as simple as an idle speed or mixture adjustment.has to be like a vacuum hose or an air problem i would imagine check under the hood to see if any hoses are disconnected possibly the brake booster (big round thing in the rear of the engine on the drivers side)you could have cluged up injecters, try get a tune up . that might help. also check fuel lines and filters
you are low on fluid (from a leak), or more likely you have a bad master cylinder.  it's about $150 to change the cylinder.YOU NEED NEW BRAKES! GET SOME ASAP!!!!!first check to see if brake fluid is low...also could be a leak in the brake line somewhere or your master cylinder could be shot....you either have a leak or a bad master cylinder. get it to a shop NOW!!!!!First you need to have scheduled maintenance so you don't have serious problems like your brake pedal going to the floor. Secondly, you are low on brake fluid.Check the brake fluid level under the hood. It's probably empty. 1. Go to the auto parts store and get some brake fluid. 2. Refill the brake fluid resevoir (It's at the back of the engine on the drivers side). Your brakes will probably still be squishy bacause you have air in the lines. You'll have to bleed the brakes or take it to a shop and have them do it. You also probably have a leak somewhere and will need to get that fixed or this will happen again.
I use Armorall its good on vinyl, rubber...if u can use it on your tires u can certainly use it on the rubber around your windows. Mine look like brand new because it protects the rubber and makes it shiny!It may be a longshot, but have you tried the Mr Clean Eraser?Have you tried armor all?try gasoline.armour all cleaning wipes - dash, vinyl and a lot of surfaces! It restores and protects! You can find it at Wal-mart, ace hardware and many auto stores and other retail stores! Hope this helps!Baby oil works wonders.
If you try the coat hanger technique be careful. While your feeling around for the lock mechanism look at the lock switch to see it move. Once you see it moving give it a tug but be careful because on some cars there a piece of plastic holding it all together. If you break that piece you won't get in your car and you'll need to replace that piece to get your lock working again.I locked mine in before and I watched a locksmith unlock it.  He took a wedge and carefully wedged it in the upper corner of the drivers door.  He then took a long bar and reached in and hit the unlock button, took him about two minutes to preform this miracle.call a lock smithanswerer number one got it... I can say no more.... Vote for him...call a locksmith.  But with some vechicles you can take the antenna off your car and slide it between the window and tha little rubber part and do it that way.  I only know this because I've been locked out alot of times and my grandfather has done this to my car and I've done it to my sisters truck.Why don't you invest in a hide-a-key?Sometimes depending on the car... a metal coat hanger will work. Peel up window lining and use hanger to pull latch!
take to mechanicYou have solid Push rods you dont have to adjust the valves.It has hydraulic valves, so it adjusts itself.Take 4 $100 bills to your local Harley dealer and they will be happy to wrestle that unneeded valve adjustment out for you!It does not have hydraulic valves, it has hydraulic tappet lifters (4) which are not adjustable. If they are making noise, one or more of the lifters needs to be replaced or there is an oil supply problem to the lifters.
There isn't an automatic choke on it. It is fuel injected. It sounds like you may have a bad fuel pump or coolant temp sensor.on the passengerside of the carb theres a black choke housing it is round,and about 2 inches in diameter,the spring inside it opens and closes the choke they can go bad,some are riveted on,u can buy replacemnts and they come with screws. theres a mark on the housing to adjust lean or rich u might be able to adjust urse (lean opens choke) (rich closes choke).
right lane is called the slow lane, because of the ON RAMP AND OFF RAMP of the freeways.  cars that are coming from a on ramp has to match the speed of the freeway cars.. If the right lane is the fast lane.. the car that are coming from a on ramp has to be really going, cars that have alot of speed might hit the car that is coming from the on ramp.  The faster the car, less reaction time.Actually they're both supposed to be the speed limit . ex: 55mph. . but the left lane is there so you can overcome another car by going up to not over 10 mph over the speed limit (so 65mph then) to only overcome that vehicle then you are "supposed" to return to the right lane remaining at ex: 55mph.Left Lane knows all.. Just ask.right lane knows all.right lane is the slow laneAsk the left lane.
Check your owners manual.  I have a 1999 Windstar, and needed to replace the same thing, and the manual told me what to do.  Basically, it was the take out the screws, and pull the unit out, and replace the bulb, and re-screw.  May be the same, may be different for the Escort.i think there are 11mm nuts inside the trunk you may have to pull the carpet back to find them
Definitions of Trains on the Web:. . In rail transport, a train consists of a single or several connected rail vehicles that are capable of being moved together along a guideway to transport freight or passengers from one place to another along a planned route. The guideway (permanent way) usually consists of conventional rail tracks, but may be monorail or maglev. Propulsion for the train may come from a variety of sources, but most often from a locomotive or self-propelled multiple unit. . en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trains. . Trains is a monthly magazine dedicated to trains and railroading and is the flagship publication of Kalmbach Publishing. The magazine is geared toward railroad enthusiasts, but it is read by many within the railroad industry. . en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trains_(magazine). . A service force or group of service elements which provide logistics support.. www.globalsecurity.org/military/library/policy/army/fm/24-12/gloss.htmTrain. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. (Redirected from Trains). Jump to: navigation, search. Rail transport. Operations. Stations. Trains. Locomotives. Rolling stock. History. Terminology. Terminology. By country. Disasters. . Modelling. [edit this template].    . Portal:Trains. Trains Portal. .     For other uses, see Train (disambiguation).. . In rail transport, a train consists of a single or several connected rail vehicles that are capable of being moved together along a guideway to transport freight or passengers from one place to another along a planned route. The guideway (permanent way) usually consists of conventional rail tracks, but might also be monorail or maglev. Propulsion for the train is typically provided by a separate locomotive, or from individual motors in self-propelled multiple units. Most currently operating trains are powered by diesel engines or by electricity supplied by trackside systems. Historically the steam engine was the dominant form of locomotive power through the mid-20th century, and other sources of power (such as horses, rope, gravity, pneumatics, or gas turbines) are possible as well.. . In American railway terminology, and increasingly in the United Kingdom, a consist is used to describe the group of rail vehicles which make up a train.. Contents. [hide]. .     * 1 Types of trains.     * 2 Motive power.     * 3 Passenger trains.           o 3.1 See also.     * 4 Freight trains.     * 5 Famous train routes.     * 6 Fictional trains.     * 7 See also.     * 8 Further reading.     * 9 External links. . [edit]. . Types of trains. An electric Transperth train at Mclver, Perth, Western Australia. Enlarge. An electric Transperth train at Mclver, Perth, Western Australia. Modern German Class 423 EMU trainsets "meet each other". Enlarge. Modern German Class 423 EMU trainsets "meet each other". Japanese Shinkansen 500 Series. Enlarge. Japanese Shinkansen 500 Series. . There are various types of trains designed for particular purposes.. .     Further information: rail transport operations. . A train can consist of a combination of a locomotive and attached railroad cars, or a self-propelled multiple unit (or occasionally a single powered coach, called a railcar). Trains can also be hauled by horses, pulled by a cable, or run downhill by gravity.. . Special kinds of trains running on corresponding special 'railways' are atmospheric railways, monorails, high-speed railways, Dinky Trains, maglev, rubber-tired underground, funicular and cog railways.. . A passenger train may consist of one or several locomotives, and one or more coaches. Alternatively, a train may consist entirely of passenger carrying coaches, some or all of which are powered as a "multiple unit". In many parts of the world, particularly Japan and Europe, high-speed rail is utilized extensively for passenger travel.. . Freight trains comprise wagons or trucks rather than carriages, though some parcel and mail trains (especially Travelling Post Offices) are outwardly more like passenger trains.. . In the United Kingdom, a train hauled by two locomotives is said to be "double-headed", and in Canada and the United States it is quite common for a long freight train to be headed by three, four, or even five locomotives. A train with a locomotive attached at each end is described as 'top and tailed', this practice typically being used when there are no reversing facilities available. Where the second locomotive is attached temporarily to assist a train up steep banks (or down them by providing braking power) it is referred to as 'banking'.. . Trains can also be mixed, hauling both passengers and freight, see e.g. Transportation in Mauritania. Such mixed trains became rare in many countries, but were commonplace on the first 19th-century railroads.. . Special trains are also used for track maintenance; in some places, this is called maintenance of way.. . A single uncouReally?? Are you an idiot or from another planet?You've got to be kidding.This is the reason why YOU need to stop smoking CRACK!!!Two guys and one girl. He he.A group of one or more cars linked together to form a train.something that get u from a distance
What's the temperature where you are? My 2002 Kawasaki ZRX1200R has acceleration problems in the winter unless I tune it during the cold weather. then it has problems during the hot weather. If your carbs were tuned during hot weather and it's cold where you are now, you're sure to have a little stuttering on acceleration at lower RPMs (1500-3500). Either have the carbs set for the current weather or wait till warmer weather arrives.If a coil was bad, you would have running problems at all RPM's, not just acceleration. Most likely cause, is the carbs. They need cleaning.check the spark plug may be worn or the cable is looseMy Honda Shadow did that.  The mechanic said that it had been sitting idle too long and the jets are clogged.  He said the solution was to ride it alot.
you'll have to pull the inside door intierior off and look at the linkage to see whats bent or broke. could just be unlatched cable from the handle.not unlatched.  they break. its real common. remove the trim panel, drill out thr rivet, and slide it forward and it will come out
I just bought a bike so I can commute to work and school the old fashion way.  So to answer your question, they are already too high.When I first began to drive and got my own car,unleaded gas was only $.55 per gallon. At that time, gas had recently gone up to over $2.00 per gallon in France, and I remember thinking that if gas EVER got above $2.00 here, I'd be hoofing it or riding a bicycle.  HA,HA,HA.  Here I am, 33 years later and a mother of two who don't drive, and I pour gas that costs me approximately $2.95 per gallon into my tank every week.When Hurricane Katrina hit, and gas went skyhigh all over the country, they knew then just how much we would pay for gas without changing our habits too drastically...so now we are effectively screwed!  As for what to do about it, I plan to buy one of the hybrids the car companies have come out with. If I am not mistaken, the government will actually give you more back on your tax return if you own and operate a hybrid, because you are using less of the countries natural rescources! (don't quote me on that one,though!)We would already be doing something but the Liberals keep shutting down the new drilling off shore and in Alaska because " the Rigs dont Look Good" When will you let us produce the reserver that are in the states and untapped.. The Liberals cry about the war but want the fancy hummers and big SUVs but dont want to pay the price for there upkeep.More like stop doing anything, welcome to the return of reagan era economics.  Let's all hope for the best and never being able to drive to the next town again.i'm waiting until it hits 5 dollars a gallon then i'll buy a hybrid. there are countries now that are paying that and more...we are spoiled at low gas prices.I'm going to do something today. I'm going to buy some gas and go to work. Why do people cry so much about the price of gas? It's alot higher in other parts of the world. Americans cry about paying 3 dollars for a gallon of gas, but think nothing of paying 5 dollars for a cup of coffee at Starbucks. Amazing!I'm really not sure, but I have recently recieved this in my email, and it might can help, but we would all have to pull together to see if it might work. . Read On:. . GAS WAR - an idea that WILL work. This was originally sent by a retired Coca Cola executive. It came from one of his engineer buddies who retired from Halliburton. It ' s worth your consideration.. Join the resistance!!!! I hear we are going to hit close to $4.00 a gallon by next summer and it might go higher!! Want gasoline prices to come down? We need to take some intelligent, united action.. Phillip Hollsworth offered this good idea. This makes MUCH MORE SENSE than the "don't buy gas on a certain day" campaign that was going around last April or May! The oil companies just laughed at that because they knew we wouldn't continue to "hurt" ourselves by refusing to buy gas. It was more of an inconvenience to us than it was a problem for them.. BUT, whoever thought of this idea, has come up with a plan that can really work. Please read on and join with us! By now you're probably thinking gasoline priced at about $1.50 is super cheap.  Me ! It is currently $2.79 for regular unleaded in my town. Now that the oil companies and the OPEC nations have conditioned us to think that the cost of a gallon of gas is CHEAP at $1.50 - $1.75, we need to take aggressive action to teach them that BUYERS control the marketplace..... not sellers. With the price of gasoline going up more each day, we consumers need to take action. The only way we are going to see the price of gas come down is if we hit someone in the pocketbook by not purchasing their gas! And, we can do that WITHOUT hurting ourselves. How? Since we all rely on our cars, we can't just stop buying gas. But we CAN have an impact on gas prices if we all act together to force a price war.. Here's the idea:. For the rest of this year, DON'T purchase ANY gasoline from the two biggest companies (which now are one), EXXON and MOBIL. If they are not selling any gas, they will be inclined to reduce their prices. If they reduce their prices, the other companies will have to follow suit.. But to have an impact, we need to reach literally millions of Exxon and Mobil gas buyers.  It's really simple to do! Now, don't wimp out at this point.... keep reading and I'll explain how simple it is to reach millions of people. I am sending this note to 30 people. If each of us sends it to at least ten more (30 x 10 =3D 300) ... and those 300 send it to at least ten more (300 x 10 =3D 3,000)...and so on, by the time the message reaches the sixth group of people, we will have reached over THREE MILLION consumers. If those three million get excited and pass this on to ten friends each, then 30 million people will have been contacted! If it goes one level further, you guessed it..... THREE>>>>HUNDRED MILLION>>>>PEOPLE!!!. Again, all you have to do is send this to 10 people. That's all. (If you don't understand how we can reach 300 million and all you have to do is send this to 10 people.... Well, let's face it, you just aren't a mathematician. But I am, so trust me on this one.). How long would all that take? If each of us sends this e-mail out to ten more people within one day of receipt, all 300 MILLION people could conceivably be contacted within the next 8 days!!!. I'll bet you didn't think you and I had that much potential, did you?. Acting together we can make a difference. If this makes sense to you, please pass this message on. I suggest that we not buy from EXXON/MOBIL UNTIL THEY LOWER THEIR PRICES TO THE $1.30 RANGE AND KEEP THEM DOWN. THIS CAN REALLY WORK.. Yahoo! for Good. . I've stopped buying from these station. Pass this on to family and friends and lets see if it will work. God Bless.gas prices are based on speculation. If oil prices go up in a day gas prices will go up. Oil prices themselves are based on speculation, how much investors want to pay. You will notice, if oil goes up tremendously in a day, by nightime petrol prices will be high, even though the petrol at the station wass not bought at that high price. As I explained gas prices are based on speculation, if investors pay high prices for it then our wallets are effected, there is nothing you can do.I received an e mail the other day asking every one to just stop buying Exxon. It read that they actually control pricing somewhat. So now I just boycott Exxon, just in case it helps.Why Not?Not even the President can control the gas prices.. . No one can "do something." The most you can do is take public transportation, but that really isn't "doing something" to the people behind the gas pricing.. . Most of us need to drive, or in my case, WANT to drive. Gas prices aren't coming down, I don't know why everyone is so hung up about it. Get fuel efficient cars and hope for the best.incredible, huh? i got an email the other day about gas and boycotting it. they said if we stop buying from the major brands, exxon, shell, etc. then eventually since they're not getting any business they'll have to lower their prices and in turn everyone else will lower their prices. whattya think?1 million dollars... and yes i'm a baller like that dog...15 dollars a gallon and I'll probably start walking to work.It is nothing that we can do about Gas. Because it is in Demand. People need GAS, so no matter how high it get some fools still gonna buy it
should be lift points in your owners manual.. if not, lift in the front behind the wheels, at the body seam. in the rear, do the same in front of the wheelsI tend to use the crossmember for the trnsmission if it's transvers mounted and towards the front of the car. or I lift the passenger side front wheel up by placing the jack under the A arm and fit a jackstand in place then repeat the process with the drivers side. Or check for lift points in the owners manual if it states them use that.
I'd like to see it happen, it's rude and annoying.  As to the idiotic idea that they'd have to catch everybody, that makes no sense at all.  It's not like they have to catch every speeder or ignore every speeder.If one police officer ticketed one person for throwing out a cigarette butt, they would have to do it to everybody.  That would have the police concerned more about cigarette butts than solving actual crime or catching the idiots doing 120 on the crowded interstate.I've wondered this too.  Colorado has such a high fire danger every summer and there have been fires started because of this.  . . I've done some volunarty community service and we have cleaned Clear Creek Canyon right outside of Golden.  You wouldn't believe how many butts are on the roadside.  They don't decompose and they are littering the roads.  It's the same as throwing a McDonald's cup out the window.It's not against the law.i dont know, but it pisses me off...cause the police dontStupid smokers!cigs are biodigratable therefore it isnt litteringusally by the  time the police get to the cigarette it has usally browm away or it isn't lilt any more
Because they know people would wait until the last minute to book tickets otherwise and it would be complete chaos.  However, you can get last minute deals on the big travel sites.  You just don't get to choose where you want to go exactly.. . I haven't done this yet, but I can't wait to try!  I just discovered it.the demand goes up as the deadline increasesSimple law of supply and demand. Prices of goods go up as supply decreases and demand increases.The companies know that you need that ticket now, so they charge more because your demand for the service is up.cause they know u need a ticket so they are gonna rip u off (2pt bugular awnser)Last minute airline ticket purchases come from the desparate. They'll pay whatever the cost is. Airlines know this and apply it.. . Now bend over, shut up and spread em.hiya airfares are always expensive at the last moment why because the airlines but the prices up, what your best doing if you can search the sites for airfares like unijetflights.com or ebookers, or expedia they usually come up with the best last minute prices it is work giving them a try, or book just after easter if you can.
you can only get a salvaged title if the boat was damamged and then repairedSalvage titles aren't usually issued on boats, they are only registered for ID purposes in most cases. I would contact the state and ask about boat titles or check their web site if they have one.
you really cant make it any louder if you already have a aftermarket cold air intake, and yes it does make noise the sound is the engine sucking air your exhaust is completely different.if you're pertaining to car air intake, i think air intake does not produce any noise, correct me if i'm wrong but the thing you need to change is your exhaust, this goes hand in hand if you change your air filters to one of those things. change your exhaust to a bigger one and it will sound great with added horsepower to your car.Use a good pod filter, the better ones flow a bit better and sound more sportier. other than that the lenght of the pipe and posistion would have a little effect.
The police have air choppers that start at one white x and calculate your speed based on how soon you get to the next white x.. I know this because I am in the trucking industry and this is how they catch speeders. This is true.Beware of the Klan.he's just kidding about the klan.  they're so they can use the roads as runways in case of a war with cuba.
I was going to answer this question but I can not do it any better than " abfabmom1 " did she really knows her stuff. thank youA drawbridge can come in multiple forms.  In general, it is a bridge that partially lifts up.. . In a castle, this is meant for protection, in that when the drawbridge is lifted, the enemy can't cross the moat.. . A more common type of drawbridge is the type that spans a river, and is split partway across...A part of it is then lifted in order to allow ships to travel underneath it.A drawbridge is a bridge that appeared in the middle ages and modern times today. . . The Middle Ages (maybe other time period) used these bridges so that way when an enemy is approaching the kings castle will be protected by a simple pull of a rope. Therefore the castle is protected thanks to the bridge and moat. . . The newer ages, have used draw bridges such as the one in London. There are counterweights that pull the bridge back and cause it to lift so that way ships can go under the bridge. Example: Cruise Ship, oil tankers etc :)
If you have just a regular Stock stereo system, the only thing you could do is but new speakers with higher watts then the ones you have now.... . If you are working with some subs and an amp or two then make sure your RCA cables are ran separatly then your remote and power wire...the remote wire is better to run down the middle of the car and your power on the side where the battery is and the RCA on the opposite side. This reduces the amount of sound running through the wiresthat can jump from wire to wire when you run them together...well first is quality of the products themselves, manufaturers in particular and specs of each piece of equipment, make sure that they are wired in correctly and if you have noise problems with anything like through the head unit. wire a ground away from where the stock one is mounted and to a bare metal spot, rca' quality also, you can buy the cheap one's and it will work but spend a little more money and upgrade them will get you better sound quality, if you have a little more than enough power to run the high's in your car, if you have upgraded those as well, you can get sgli's and install them on the end to where the rca's hook up and the sound will be purer and clean, all they do is filter out noise. make sure your head unit doesn't suck either. i choose either pioneer or jvc. there's a few other one's but for the price and quality i stick with themThe remote wire and power wire can be together without a problem. You dont want your RCA cables anywhere near other wires that carry electricity. The best place for RCA cables is down the middle of your car and keep them away from any other wires that may be in its route. The best place for a ground wire is straight to the frame of the car or if you have a dry cell battery, ground it to that but make sure the battery is also grounded to the frame.
Spark plugs.    Diesel ain't got em, don't need em.  It uses pressure and heat to cause combustion, not a spark.DIESEL IS COMPRESSION FIRED. PETROL IS SPARK IGNITED. DIESEL USES INJECTORS, MOST (NOT ALL ANYMORE) BIKES USE CARBSOne runs on petroleum and the other on diesel.Diesel engines give us a better mileage but also make a lot of noise.Diesels work by compretion ignition,the air/fuel mixture is compressed at typically 23:1 whereas most petrol engines operate at approx 10:1 Petrol engines nesd a spark to ignite the compressed mixture where as the much higher compression of a diesel engine ignites the mixture without the need of spark plugs. Diesel engines are much heavier than petrol ones as the  re is alot more stress due to the high compression ratio. The crankshafts are larger and the block and cylinder heads alot thicker. Diesels have greater thermal efficiency than petrols and offer economy advantages  but are more expensive to produce,noisy and whilst making plenty of torque(pulling power) are short on horsepower so are more suited to trucks,taxis and boats.They also produce lots of soot and particulate emmisions although modern diesels have particulate traps and better emmision controls these days.Petrol is much thin than disel.Therefore it is much costly.ONE RUNS ON PETROL AND THE OTHER ON DIESELpetrol engine is smooth but the diesel engines are too noisy!Petrol engines rely on an electric spark to ignite the fuel, therefore a spark plug is needed. While a diesel ingine relies mainly on compression to atomize the fuel, sometimes a glow plug is used to assist in this process. The fuel injection system in petrol engines resembles that of the diesel, but again the petrol has spark plugs.... There also seem to be an operational difference as the petrol engines rely on much higher revs, thus burn a lot more fuel...
the reason the gas prices re rising higher and higher.....it's due to the hurricane that had recently happened.....i just kinda forgot what it was called though. But I'm sure that is why the gas prices are getting to a further price each day!!!The prices are really sickening. Gas prices per gallon should be about $10 per gallon to actually match the value of what gasoline is worth with the other fluids in our life. We use gasoline as though it was free. At the prices we pay for gasoline, it's significantly less than what many people pay for water.. . Putting everything in perspective. Ever notice how much you spend at the grocery store?. . How much do you spend for a gallon of milk. I'd say at least $3/gallon.. How much do you spend on a gallon of cooking oil? Most likely around $6/gallon.. Orange juice? $4/gallon. Soda (generic)? $2/gallon.. Gatorade? $4.78/gallon. . Why is gasoline soo cheap.The price of crude oil is increasing. We import most of our oil, so we pay what the Saudi's tell us to pay, and that results in higher prices.. . Of course it's much more complicated than that, but that's the basics.My dad has worked in the oil feild for 51 years now and he says that their is NO reason for it at all. Just some high up person getting richer. He does own 7 oil wells so while he's paying for it he is still smiling all the way to the bank.the goverment wants more money
dont even try u should start drinking the moonshine u dont need the caryes you can and its pretty simple to run a car on pure ethanol. Do a search for how in mother earth news. the trick will be making PURE ethanol. Because of oxygen molecules in alcohol and the effect of the latent heat of vaporization making the engine run cooler it takes more ethanol to make the same amount of power but your engine will run cooler and cleaner.I would use MAGIC!you will probably blow yourself upIf you replace certain parts of the fuel system and get it to the point that it can take the much greater heat levels, then you can run it on moonshine. It's probably not worth the trouble and risk, though. Actual ethanol would work much better, and parts are available that are certain to handle the increased heat from burning ethanol instead of gasoline.Ain't gonna happen. Your Chevy is NOT fuel injected. The vaporization traits of ethanol are very different than that of Gasoline. Instead, drink the moonshine and push the Chevy....much surer in the long run. And besides, you won't be able to run the Chevy anyway once you are caught with the still.Your better off running the moonshine,then buying gas with the money you make.
The Acura CL is a coupe, based entirely on the Honda Accord, same body type. As for the TL, it's the company's flagship sedan. The CL has been out of production a few years ago; the TL is a newly-revamped model with all-wheel-drive. I hoped that would answer your question.cl is a coupe, tl is a sedan.  other than that, not muchAs stated above, the CL is a coupe, the TL is a sedan. Some of the CL and TL models (type S) have a 3.2L rather than a 3.0L. Other than that, the transmissions are the same (for automatics) and the interiors are very much the same.
More often then not bridge foundations are constructed on piles. These would normally be driven from the piling equipment mounted on a barge and the barge anchored over each pile location in turn.. Each pile or group of piles would have what is called a pile cap constructed which as the name implies is a "capping" to the pile or piles formed normally with concrete. The pile caps being constructed within a coffer dam which is a temporary structure constructed round the working area from which any water is pumped whilst the pile cap is being constructed.. The bridge supporting piers or columns are constructed from the top of the pile cap which would either be in concrete or steelwork.Mikem is correct.
getting off the fucking computer and doing something worth being famous.Do something extremely stupid and you will become famous ! !Well, famous people are generally really good at something (think Michael Jordan), really bad at something (William Hung), really innovative with something (Bill Gates), really evil (Charles Manson), or just really freaky (Marilyn Manson).  Pick which one fits you and work towards it.Luck...being in the right place at the right time is how most famous people got to be that way.As we all know--it does NOT always mean they have talent!Discover something, achieve something, write something, sing something, build something... . and then have someone film it as a documentary..I is famous because she's the 9th letter of the alphabet.... . don't cross her though, dot her.Well you have 3 people (including me) paying attention , Dont you already feel famous?not sitting on the computer.go to the nba
its high because the US market demands so much gasoline.  if we stopped consuming so much, then supply would increase, and the price would go down.because bush and cheeny are in officethey make profit from all of that selling.  instead of selling oil for what they got it for, they basically double the price. doubling the price makes gas prices shoot up!if you have record sales you will have record profits.  They are not a charity, its a for profit business like anything else.I know that you have a lot on your plate, however I would like for you to visit this web address, it shows you how you can save on fuel prices. this works on any fuel! and on any vehicle! www.gaspricesareakiller.com this is no joke! I am not a bot!The oil companies make about 9 cents a gallon.  Compare that with the government taxing it 38 cents and more depending on the state.
It's summertime just take it out, you don't necessarily need to replace it until winter.. . No it won't hurt your car, it will save your car from heating up when your sitting in trafficFollow the top radiator hose to the thermostst housing. Remove the bolts, usually 2 and remove thermostat. Make sure before you install that you scrape the old gasket off.
Any hose going to the distributer would come from a vacuum switch normally. If you were to check it before hooking up the distributer, you should see no vacuum at idle, as you give it gas, you will see the vacuum increase. This should be done with the engine at operating temprature. Look under your hood, for the vacuum routing diagram.there is no vac adv on this vehicle. if you have an extra hose hanging in the back of the engine it it for the vacuum reservoir, the sourse is on the rear of the upper intake plenum, on the right side
See if your owner's manual lists the fluid type under "capacities". It's probably transmission type fluid like Dexron III if it looks pink, but that's just a guess.you dont put regular trans gear oil in a aluminum transfer case, all transfer cases that are made of aluminum and used in an american built truck are chain driven.. . chain driven transfer case you want to use the latest Dexron fluid out.. . if it had no lubricating properties, and automatic transmission could never survive, let alone the fact that it actually is a detergent oil.TRANSFER CASE FLUID TYPE .  .   . For your 1999 CHEVROLET TRUCK K1500 1/2TON P/U 4WD:.  . TRANSFER CASE CAPACITY 2 2/7 QUARTS . .  .  .   . SPEC-FLUID-TYPE/WT . . . USE TRANSFER CASE LUBRICANT GM #12378396 OR EQUIVALENTgo to autozone.comit should be on the transmission a recomendation, of not then your local oil change place should know or check the oweners manuel under specificationsif it is an alumunum case it will be standed tranny fluid . but i as a mechanic for 6 years recommend change it over to 30w nondetergnet oil because tranny fluid has no real lubricating propertys
I HAD THE SAME PROBLEM AND IT ALSO SUCKED GASOLINE. IT WAS THE EGR VALVE BACK BEHIND THE THROTTLE BODY ITS ROUND AND HAS A VACCUM HOSE. IT TAKES TWO BOLTS TO REMOVE SO YOU CAN INSPEST IT.THEY GET RUST HOLES AFTER A FEW YEARS. THEY AINT CHEAP! YOU CAN GET IT AFTERMARKET .agree with the above, but add the fuel filterSometimes that will happen when the timing is off.Like the guy above said try the fuel filter. My truck was doing the exact same thing and thats what it was. The filters are very cheap and easy to change (well it was on my truck anyway) and would be a cheap and easy thing to try first.cap and rotor button, plugs, wires.... when was the last time you had a basic tune up on it?
Quickie answer: Acura is a division of Honda.  Trivia: the name Acura was computer-generated.by honda the name acura was put to be easy and popular in the usa market it worked so far so is the legend .Acura started in USA.. . Acura is to Honda as Infinity is to Nissan, or Lexus is to Toyota.. . Its just a luxury range of cars made by the parent company. You won't find Infinity or Acura selling elsewhere in the world, because they're all badged as Hondas. Lexus is an exception, however. Lexii are sold in Japan badged as Toyota, however they are sold around the world as Lexus.They just bent the "H" into an"A" see the likeness...good..
Yep, write down the vin number and call the police asking them if its a stolen car, if not goto the secretary of state or dmv and apply for the title. I have to do this same thing next week for a motorcycle i buoght at a swap meet.. good luckGet the VIN and go to DMV if it is abandon then you can get the title and its yours.Go to the D.M.V. Dept of motor vehicles and apply for a new title, You may have to prove by some means that it has been abandoned and for how long. Each state is different on this one. Oklahoma is quite easy I have been told but i am in Minnesota.. Hey, Good Luckapply for a lost or stolen title threw the DMV
i dont have the tuffy box with a subwoofer but i do have the original jeep center console with a sub and let me tell you it may not hit as hard as a 12 or a 10 but it sure makes a big difference on sound. it at least gives you the bass sound. i would have to say the almost 30 dollars more for the one with a sub is not going to hurt you too much if your already going to spend almost 300 bucks so i would go for it.sounds dog woof lolwell most of the time in my sons 1994 wrangler you cant hear anything i would get ear phones
This is especially applicable to northern states where snow plows spread salt on the highways to prevent dangerous buildup of ice. A significant portion of the salt that is spread ends up on the side of the road. Too much salt is bad for the roadside vegetation and can permanently damage the soil. "Low salt area" signs tell the snow plow drivers to put less salt on the road.Salt melts ice in the winter time, but it also causes rust on a vehicle. Knowing where salt has been put on helps to know where icy areas are.
Well if you are in school the first step would be to take driver's ed to learn all you can about driving.  If not, pick up a handbook to study for your learner's permit and study it good so you don't have to keep going back to take it! Good Luck!well u need to take a driving class first. its easy as long as u pay attention to everything.Going to your local DOT (department of transportation) place and take the test to get your permit. I would suggest going there and getting the book to study from first.
Once you know what kind are reliable from Consumer Reports, go do a nation wide search on autotrader.com  I have purchased a few cars this way and it's a great way to search out the best deals and then have the car shipped to you.consumer reports apr 06 pg 80. acura cl,integra '98. buick regal '00. chevy prizm '01-02. ford crown vic '98-99 f150 2wd 98-99 stang v6 99-00 ranger 2wd 00. many moreYou could probably find a reliable car for about $5000 depending on where you live. Try carsoup.com. It's not available in all states though.Go to usedcars.com then you can get VIN number and do carfax on it.$7000 is not a bad price. You can probably go to any reliable used acr dealer and get a great car for that price. A Chevy Cavalier, a Ford Escort, any Kia model or any Susuzki model from 2000 to probably 2003. I would check w/ friends and family to find a reliable dealer near you if you don't know one.look in your local junk yard it may sound gross but my dad's a mechanic and he got a Lexus S.U.V. for 10,000used honda civic. thats the way to go.ebayAny of the small japanese imports to be on the safe side.  i.e. Honda Civic/Afford, Nissan sentra/altima/maxima, Toyota corolla/camry.  Stay away from domestics and german cars, trust me.
it was simply replaced by the 330i, which is a 3 litre six cylinder engine.. . ps, i should know, i work for them.It was renamed from the 328 to the 330. Just a time for BMW to change the numerical nomenclature within the 3-Series. Always expect that to happen again soon.money dude... they aren't making enough from its productionI thought it was because the 2.8 litre engine in their 3-series was bringing down the engine's prestige.
Remove old exaust. Install new one in reverse order. Sorry, but if you have to ask that question, then you shouldn't be doing it yourself.?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????Seriously????? there are two bolts on the old one - take them off counterclockwise, set the new pipe on with a gasket (if you dont have one, a milk carton will do - cut it to shape yourself!), and tighten the old bolts back on it. . . If you need to ask that, you might consider getting a car...just go 2 gud mechanic .pay him he will do it for u. njoy:-0
Does the A/C blow cold?  Take the belt off and try spinning the clutch (Triangular shaped piece, not the pulley) if it grinds you are in need or will soon be in need of a replacement.the only way to know is to pressure test it
YES, if doing it in a safe and sane manner. Keep in mind that EVERYONE including roadrunners, chickens, bumble bees, have right-of-way over you, so you CAN be cited if doing something stupid.Well your have to get past the cas then you have to get onto a log thats in the water, then I think the hardest part is geting onto the thunder lizards, you can't get onto one if the mouth is open, but thats how you make it too the other side.Depends from County to County, and some land owners can be very picky about 4 wheelers riding on their property with out their permission. But in short all things considered and the coast is clear simply crossing and being on your way without riding on the shoulder of the road. Should be no problem.
boom..boom...seriously , go to Janes book of war.also ,you mite go to natl; gaurd armory they love to have tax payers stop in to see the real thing.Why? You maybe the recruit they been looking to get!You need to specify. This question is way too general to give a good answer to.Who is "WE?"  It works by shooting big holes in things.  happy?click on the link below for info about the M1A1 Abrams main battle tank.. . HooAah or whatever!this site should help.tanks works like every big vehcile a driver sit inside to drive it,it got no tires but chains,the chains move and contoroled by the driver ..when they both move (right and left chain) the tank moves forward, if one moves faster than the other one the tank will turn to the other side (to the side of the stop/slow chain) . tere will be inside the tank a gunnery ..who contorol the guns and other tank crews to help him and help the driver.
Use your left foot.. . (Or am I missing something?)all you need for left foot braking is a manual transmission. just downshift before a turn, use your left foot to operate the brake, have right foot on gas pedal to power out of the turn as soon as possible. all left foot braking does for you is letting you shave time off of when you are on and off of the accelerator.
Because, I am sure, a blind person sued ONE bank branch at some point and won their frivolous lawsuit, so the rest of the banking industry followed suit.  Better safe than sorry type of thing.  Kind of like how the McDonalds coffee cups have to say there is hot liquid inside cup...one person sued after being burned (duh!), so the rest of us have to suffer with dumb warnings.Some banks are drive up only. So if you were blind and led to the nearest bank it might be drive up only.  Follow up question.  Am I the only one that hates driving up to those things.  I'd rather walk.so if ur friend is blind, u can drive up to the atm and they can be in the back seat and they can put in all their crap into the atm instead of uThat should be self-evident by all of the obviously visually impaired motorists we meet out there.Other than the fact that Braile is required by the American's with Disabilities Act to be on all public use machines, the machines are built to be used in both drive-up and walk-up locations -- the builders don't know which machines are going in which places, so they have to be built to work in both.
You can book with Greyhound at Station Centrale d'autobus (514-843-4231)in Montreal. Also, you can book with Allo-Stop, a car-pooling system for a less expensive cost.well why dont you check the greyhound bus schedule....we wouldnt be able to tell youcall the station for an itenerary they will be happy to help you  with times and prices and how to find the stationstake a greyhoundby a travel agency.fly
the best way to get the door off is to use the tool which is super handy or just a putty knife it works just as well. all it is is a lock ring and its not that hard to get off. as for the ret of the door just floor the screws and it will slide up and out over the window sill. you will get what i mean while you do it. alot of speaker companies make different speaker depths a good way to check out what you need is to go to www.crutchfield.com and they will tell you what size of depth of a speaker you need. this should help you out with getting it to work.it will benefit you to take it to a dealer to have it done expecially if you have power windows and locks. you dont want to pinch any of the wires.
This may apply:The solenoid pack is external on the dodge caravans but can honestly say you are wasting your time and money. After you replace it the dealer needs to re-flash or in computer terms re program the transmission module. The module tells the transmission soenoids when to shift gears so unless you took to a repair shop for proper diagnosing of your check engine light (and assuming it is since no one really comes to a conclusion of solenoid packs on there own?) then you are wasting time and money. Also if light were on usuallt a simple reflash of the module is all you need. The diagnostic cost usually covers that when you take to the dealer for that. Good luck.I would suggest going to Auto Zone or any car store and picking up a Haynes manual on your particular vehicle. Ive used those all my life to do any work on different cars and trucks.
It depends on whether you have a history of speeding or not but I would just show up to court looking proffessional, explain your situation and ask for mercy.  Most likely they won't pull your license for one incedent.pay the ticket now avoid going to courtNo way to get out of it unless u were being chased by a crazed bucher! Be ready to fork over AT LEAST $100 ! That's AT LEAST.  Other than that maybe a little chat about driving safty and possably a defensive driveing course.Oh and i the future wake up just a tad sooner..or  tell the bf NO ! LOLnever pay the ticket, always challenge it in court, the court will reduce the fine if guilty with an excuse. or if u choose not guilty and the cop doesn't show up then the ticket is void.to get the cop not to show up reschedule the date and show up on the 3 or 4 reschedule. it always work and u get off.p.s. STOP SPEEDINGI just got a speeding ticket about 2 months ago. The cop said that i can either pay the ticket or i can try to fight it court. I chose to just pay it since i know that i was speedingcry a lot!u cant get out of it dearywell if you don't get that fixed you will have to pay the ticket, got to driving school, and you'll get something kind of like a strike on your driving records. Something you could do is go to a lawyer and they'll fix it for you. It really isn't that expensive its about $70. It's probably less then the driving ticket and plus it avoids all of the consequences.Dont speed after 9 pm - 6 am though.  You want to be kind to the animals that come out to get food.  They also have to make a living.  Now on to the possible answer.. Did he get you on radar?  If so I would show up as he might not.  There is a chance they dont show up.  When you show up, and explain your side of the story the judge usually, not always but usually reduces the fine.  At least in FL this one guy had $150 to pay, but when he went and explained his situation, the judge gave him a fine of $7 plus court costs.  So it was about $7 plus $35, or $42 in total.  I know this cause I have been to court twice, mind you they did not catch me on radar, so it made it easier.  They did not show up, so I paid $0.  I do not know how your state is.  If you have to show up anyway then show up and look for any deficiencies on the road that can help your case. EX: Uphill vs downhill, etc.you go to court.. . the judge will ask you if you're guilty or not. If you say guilty you just pay your ticket and they add the points to your liscense, which will dissapear in 2 years and your insurance will probably go up. if you say not guilty, then they reshecdule you and you have to come back and fight it.. . since you admitted to speeding just say that you're guilty, pay the fine and go on with your life. You won't loose your lisence over a speeding ticket.Sorry, your most likely not gonna get off free and clear. Usually showing up to court helps your case in itself. You'll get points and a fine. Your past record will help the judge decide what to do about you keeping your license. Look your sundaybest when you show up, don't interupt the judge etc etc etc, all to make him feel sorry for you.just pay the ticketIt depends on the laws in your area but most likely you will pay a pretty hefty fine and be put on probation. You will probably have to go to driving school as well.look you can fight it but somtimes we all just lose due to bad decesions sorry to hear but next time follow the rules they make us diferent from the animals .You will go to a maximum security prison. . If you needed your license so bad you wouldn't have broke the law.. . Driving is a priviledge not a needfineYou only have to go to court if you plan to fight the ticket.  Otherwise, just pay it.  You won't be put on probation...don't listen to the person that said that.  Speeding is not that big of a crime.
just go to the dmv and get a new one.  make sure you go on the dmv website first and print any forms you might need that way you dont have to wait!Get another one!i dunno. I live in michigan :-]
it's about to fall apartIt might be the trans that's about the speed it goes into over drive.  Try driving out of overdrive and see if you get the noise all you can do is a process of elimination.could be drive shaft,or exaust,cat.converter plugged.it sounds like you heat shield on youre exhaust pipe is louse
The parking spots are for your transportation, no matter what it is. Ride a horse tommorrow. Don't clean up after it.Start parking on the sidewalk right in front of the entrance...people love that...oh and really wind it up before you leave.....I'd avoid that person in the future, seems like a mental timebomb that's set to go off.  If you find out who this person is file a complaint, maybe they'll be forced into therapy.You are by far better than me. I would have broken the finger slightly before I clocked him. The yelling and such wouldn't have bothered me, but in my mind shaking a finger at me is the same as attacking me and I will defend myself. . . He is probably one of the people that b**** about loud pipes on motorcycles disturbing his "peace and quite".Yeah, walking away was the best thing for you to do.Motorcycle have the same right cars do.He could have just been jealous or not use to seeing a woman on a motorcycle.What a dick!should have called security an had his butt thrown off government property..sounds like you did the right thing.  A bike or a car, the space is still used for somethingYou did right by ignoring him!.  . His actions do not deserve a response.. . What bike do you ride?I would have told him to F off and mind his own business. And I wouldn't be in the army in the first place.You did real good! I would have just added that the bike has a registered license plate and you have the right to use the same parking space as any other registered vehicle.I'm not sure about the laws where you are but in Australia that would have been a road rage (or carpark rage) incident so ask or look up the laws and read them as next time you can politely explain the laws to the person and explain if they don't stop abusing you then you will have no choice but to take a photo of them (as proof) and ring the police and have them charged with verbile abuse (or diahorrea). In Oz road rage is on the rise so fast that they now have shopping trolley rage, phone abuse rage etc.  What is this world coming to when a person who can't find a parking spot abuses a motorcyclist because they have parked in a spot!  Its ok I have had the same problems over here and I have politely told them to hold that aggressive pose so I can take a photo as proof before I ring the police.  I found they go away very quickly which then leaves me laughing and it makes my day seem better.  I live to explain my rights to people and to show them how they are breaking laws by infringing on my right to park in a parking spot!  If all else fails tell them you pay your road tax and other charges just like they do which gives you the right to park there.  Good luck.get a big group of people who work with you to ride their motocycles there and all take a single parking space.
If you are currently insured you can ask your insurance company to endorse the sr22 filing onto your policy, the company will contact the dept. of motor vehicles and let them know that you are currently insured. If you are not currently insured your best bet would be to check around online.be prepared to pay lots of money of insurance for awhile..been there myselfit was free for me...or close to free.  my insurance company helped me out.  i think it was less than $10It is farily simple, but also very expensive. Don't do whatever it is again that caused you to lose your license.DUI's suck. It isn't that hard. Just go to your local dmv and ask for one and give it your insurance provider.
Some are cast in a mold where most steel wheels are made on a machine and then the two halves are welded together. Aluminum wheels are ususally put in a drilling machine and the machine will cut the wheel from a block of aluminum. Or, molten aluminum is pored into a mold, allowed to cool and them removed. Steel wheels can also be manufactured while using a drilling machine as wheel.Standard steel wheels are usually comprised of two pieces of stamped steel that are welded together.  The rim section is usually rolled on a special machine and the butt ends are welded together.  The center section is a simple stamping that is then welded to the rim.  The hub opening and bolt holes are either punched out in the stamping process or are drilled out after the stamping.. . Cast wheels (usually aluminum) are usually made with a low pressure die casting process.  Molten aluminum is injected into a four-piece (top, bottom and two side pieces) die and is allowed to cool.  The wheels are then inspected, machined and finished.. . There are other methods as well.  Here's a link with some good information:  http://www.tirerack.com/wheels/tech/techpage.jsp?techid=90first wheel is molded out of aluminum then center is drilled then they x-ray the wheel to make sure no defects then they send them in a oven that's over 1000 degrees to make the wheel stronger then there what they  call wheelabrated intensifies the wheel then machined and shipped( thats what i do at work)
According to the Haynes repair manual, the PCV valve is in the valve cover with it being on the driver's side cover in the V6 engine block. Don't confuse it with the hose from the air cleaner located on the passenger side valve cover on the V6 engine. On the 4 cylinder engine, it's located in the oil separator on the top back left side of the engine block (left being the driver's side).go to Murry's auto parts they well tell you what you need too know!!!!!!!
insurance rates are based on statistics. statistically men drive faster, and drink and drive more often than women . as you get older I think the difference in rates goes away but that probably depends on which province you are in (if you keep a good driving record it help a lot)Auto insurance is higher for men in the United States as well.  Men are more risker drivers than women.  More risky equal higher premiums due to higher payouts by the insurance companies.  Sorry I don't make the rules, we just have to live by them.It's higher for men in America, too. On the whole, men are more reckless than women and get in more accidents. And they say women are bad drivers haha. It's pure economics. If you are a man and you drive safely, I feel sorry for you.
it will have it on the side...if its a 2channel its R- L+. 4 channel the same...u may be tripping it because you may have 2 4ohm subs and the amp is not 2ohm stable bridged...only when using both channels....try hooking one first sub up if its ok try the other..if it trips then u overloaded it.....if u run the setup in the previous answer your load will drop to 8 ohms and u will lose half your amp power....if at all possible try to run a 4ohm load bridged....if u have dual voice coils if not your stuck either running 8 ohm bridged or 4 ohm on 2 channels....my final suggestion junk the amp....I the amp is bridgeable, it will be noted somewhere either on the amp itself or the box...if it is, it will say on the speaker outputs which terminals to use to bridge it.  best way that I have found to hook it up is to bridge the amp (if possible) then in a two sub application, run the + to the + of one sub and the - to the - of the other sub and then run a jumper wire between the two subs on the open blades.  Good luck, I hope I was some help
A capacitor holds a charge for the system in quick bursts.  Rule of thumb is 1 farad capacitance per 1k watts of power.  Keep in mind that capacitors are more or less a bandaid for a weak charging system and a better solution would be an upgraded alternator.Capacitor can be used for many things in stereo. If you asking  if it can be used for power supplying, answer is NO. It can be  (and in most cases it is) used to reduce the ripple in the DC supplies. Also, it can be used for splitting woofers and tweeters...etcif you have a high wattage amp, the battery is just not going to cut it. it wont be able to supply the current to the amp quick enough. a capacitor can releace power really quickly, giving your amp the punch it needs. your bass will hit harder with much cleaner sound, and your lights wont dim at night. i just bought a cheap 1.5 farad cap on ebay. it works great, and only cost me 50 buck after shipping.A capacitor is used to store up energy from your battery.  As your car sterio is playing at normal levels, it is not drawing on your battery too heavily.  However, when your speaker hit a portion of really heavy bass, they draw extra power from your battery.  If your battery does not have enough power to drive the speaker at that point, your bass sounds a little flat.  So by adding a capacitor, you are allowing the sterio to draw a huge charge from the capacitor at that moment rather than the battery, making your bass hit harder and your trunk to rattle louder.  Make sure you get the right size capacitor for your speakers though.  Go to Best Buy or Circuit City to get help and then order it from Crutchfield.com.
It's probably best to get someone from an auto shop to install it for you. That way if something goes wrong, they'll know how to fix it.This is not a home-mechanic install.. Their are many variables... type of truck, with/without power locks, key-less system make and model.. . Your question is too vague!
go to any auto parts store and buy a code reader.1996 or newer uses On Board Diagnostics II (OBD-II) code reader like $100 Actron available in auto stores. Earlier models may be able to read out the code manually by shorting the A and B pins on the connector located under the steering column and watching the dash light flash the OBD-I codes.
Yup, click-click. Bad starter more than likely but first check your battery connections and cables. High resistance/ corroded cables or a bad battery can give the same symptoms also.you starter IS bad. what you describe is excactly what happened to me. it clicks and clicks everytime you turn the ignition, but you radio, lights, power window still works. when you turn the igniton you have to turn a few time for the teeth in the starter to catch. sometimes it works at first and at times it takes a few turns. a starters isnt that expensive (about $150), i would go to a autopart store and buy a new one, the reeason it is bad is because it is old and worn out. i wouldnt go to a junk and get one because your getter an old one too and chances are it'll happen to you again in a near future. so get get a new one at an autopart store.gluckNot the starter.. The clicking noise is your battery relay...I've had this problem before, YES it is your starter. You should replace it. Until then you might try putting the car in neutral and letting it roll about a foot or so. Then put the car back in park and try to start it again. This will only work for a short time and you should get it repaired ASAP.if it doesnt startYour starter is bad.  I am not a mechanical person, but this has happened with both of my cars and I know it.  Try a junk yard first...will save you tons of money!It is a possibility that your starter is failing... it is also a likely possibility that it is simple loose connections on your battery. . . Get it checked out by a mechanic.Either your battery is almost dead or it could be the starter. Get the battery checked to see if it's holding a charge and/or producing enough current.u know its bad when your car dosen't work
i agree with back58not an answer, but random point.  next time you write something like this you might want to avoid speedo as many people might think youre refering to a bathing suit
Hi Pro,. . Contact me and I'll send you  free copy of my book "How To Buy A Used Car The Smart Way" (Via pdf file download). . You don't have to be a mechanic to get a preliminary idea of the condition, although nothing will take the place of a thorough inspection, it will at least give you the knowledge on what and how to look for damages.. . Jerry Christopher. http://www.usedcarwise.comtake it to a trustworthy mechanic and have it looked over, and a compression check done. also buy a report from carfax.com, if the dealer doesn't want you to take it to your mechanic then its probably junk.look at the tires, oil, trans, serpentine belt or take to midas or firestone for " free " brake inspection. yellow pages for address or 411. yahoo or google it. :o/Prior to buying any used vehicle, take it to your mechanic and pay to have it checked out. It should cost you about $100 or so, depending on the area. If the dealer will not let you take it to the shop of your choice (local, during the day, at your own expense) RUN away from the deal.Take it to a mechanic that you trust and asked them to do a pre-purchase inspection.if you are dealing with a reputable dealership, they will allow you to have the vehicle checked by a mechanic of your choice.
Hyundai are getting a lot better now.  I don't think it is close to a Honda or Toyota but I would say it is good for at least 100000 miles sinces that is what the powertrain warranty is good for.  Good luck.i would say buy a 1999 or even 98 of a honda or toyota. they will be older but in reality they should go for longer.  not to mention be better on gas an safer.Stay away from it.. Hyundai's are quite reliable nowadays (last 2 yrs or so) but before that they really sucked. Get an older Honda. You'll be better off.
It is located under a cap on the drivers side of the engine behind the exhaust manifold. Use a 32 mm (1 1/4 in) socket on the hex on the top of the oil filter cap, or an oil filter wrench on the outside diameter of the oil filter cap to remove. Do NOT use pliers or a wrench as damage will result.1st of all, disconnect the battery cable & remember to relieve all pressure from the fuel system.  Assuming that you have a 3.1L, then  disconnect the quick-connect fitting from the in-line pipe filter. Install with a new o-ring in the same position.. After installed, turn the ignition to on for about 2 seconds, off for about 10 seconds, & then back to on.  Inspect for any fuel leaks.
You'll need to put down a large down payment. Try to avoid using any bad credit agencies as you'll have to pay a very, very high interest rate.http://andycaine.approval4u.hop.clickbank.net . credit problems overThe best way is to wait til you can pay cash, it will save you money, give you bargaining power, and so forth, but most likely you need it now so you will have to either borrow it or go to a super high interest miss a payment and you are screwed for life place.  Look for ads that say, "Any credit, nobody turned down" and stuff like that, but you will be sorry.  I guarantee the car will not last nearly as long as the payments.save up enough for a large down payment. I have extremely bad credit and filed bankruptcy and also had a repo on my record. I just walked in with a large down payment and they were able to finance. Watch the interest rate though it can be a killer.1.Save up about 25%-33% of the car you want.. . 2.Join a credit union, they are more likely to help you out.. . 3.DO NOT save up and pay cash for the car. This will not help you rebuild your credit and will cost you more money in the long run because you will get a horrible interest rate on a home that you eventually buy.. . 4.DO NOT go with one of those "in house financing" deals because most of them do not report to the credit bureaus. . 5. don't be afraid of a high interest rate if a lending institution picks you up go with it for a while 6-12 months and refinance with a lower rate. REMEMBER the main thing you are trying to accomplish is REBUILDING YOUR CREDIT.. . 6.Whatever you do, make all of your payments on time or early when you do get financed or you'll have to start all over again ;p. . if you need any more info. e-mail me dumbslsmn@yahoo.comDepending in what state you live, there are many dealers that will work with you if you have bad credit.  I'm talking about huge dealerships that sell new and used cars.  I would recommend that you call around and find one in your area.  My brother-in-law works for GM, and he says that right now is a very good time to buy, even if you have zero or bad credit.  Hope this was of help.
These fittings require a special tool. You can find this tool at any auto parts store. Just tell them you need the quick disconnect tool for the fuel lines.. Now look at the tool. As you can see it has a long part that you insert into the fuel line. Inside this line is a clip that you must open ( with the tool) and then gently pull on the fuel line with the tool inserted in the fuel line. And it will come off.. . To reconnect the line just push it together until it clicks. Then try pulling the line back off to be sure you have it on all the way.most pressure lines should have a quick disconnect which requires a disconnect tool.one word of caution make sure the battery is diconnected and all fuel pressure is relieved before disconnecting anything. it aiso would be good to have a service manual on hand incase you run into any problems. draining the fuel tank into a proper cotainer helps
Drain the brake fluid,and put what type you want in it. Usually Advanced Auto Parts will reccomend a type for your carit should tell you on the cap or in a manual if you think you may have the wrong brake fluid in your vehicle you may want to take it to a shop so they can test it and possibly flush out the system and add the correct type. never put anything but approved brake fluid in your brakes. anything else can cause sudden brake failure! Any other type of oil or other fluid will react with the brake fluid and very quickly destroy the rubber seals in the brake system causing brake failure.Ned more info here but the norm here would be DOT3. Look in your Manuel or look on the brake reservoir lid.You cant tell what kind of break fluid is in any car whithout takeing a sample of it to a lab
The 1.6 refers to the engine size,1.6litres or 1600cc. the L refers to the trim level, ie L GL GT etc. 16 valve means that it has 4 cylinders & 4 valves per cylinder, which makes it more efficient & produces less pollution.16 valve was covered, the 1.6L is liters, this is the amount of water a engine block displaces when submerged, manufacturers use this to measure engine sizesbecause that's the the car displacement indicated1.6L means that your engine cylinders capacity is 1.6 liter or 1600cc. 16 valves means there are 16 valves in your engine.. 4 for each cylinder.(2 valves inlet of air and gas and 2 valves for exhaust discharge).       economic engine....1.6L is the size of the engine: 1.6 Liters. 16 Valve means that there are 4 valves/cylinder because that's a 4-cylinder car (4 valves x 4 cylinders = 16 valves)...1.6L is a pretty small engine tho, not exactly braggin' rights.1.6 is the engine displacement. This means that if you add up all the space in the cylinders, it would add up to 1.6 liters of volume.  16 valves is the total number of valves, most likely 4 cylinders at 4 valves each (4x4) = 16 valves.
So that the public can get raped on the price of ions too.ion engine i think has has a very high top speed with very little energy used. It just take forever to build up speed. They are using it for space travel. I don't think it will ever be a type of engine earthly uses.
Definitely notify the police and they should be able to figure it with the partial. The sooner you do it the better. Because if they fix there car before you catch them you might not be able to prove it.You file a police report.  Hit and runs are a criminal offense and the police can run partials.
Specifically, the price is increasing now because of speculation about the future state of oil production over fears that Iran's rhetoric and the US/UN reaction is going to result in some kind of disruption in the supply.. . This causes speculators to purchase oil futures which drives the price per barrel up so the gas retailers raise prices.Me too. Now, I'll go buy a dinky little container (about 6oz) of a name brand coffee for $3.50 and act like I'm "cool". . Makes perfect sense.... . By the way, I don't think George is causing the price increases, but he sure could be doing more to get them lowered.....Bush wants more money in his pocketsome 1 has to pay an army....The market, as it runs out it will get more and more expensive unless huge new resources are found.Mainly so the rich can get richer & the poor get poorer.There may a limited amount,but there's other ways to get around that than raise gas prices.We're borrowing money to get gas to get to work!Soon the poor won't get to go to work for the price of gas,then I guess the government will be upset because we will all be on wellfare!!!Because of the war on Iraq.  Our government has to pay them to use their oil.  Yet we are donating billions of dollars to help rebuild their country, and those people are sitting over there wasting the money we donate and over charging us for their gas.  Why don't we use our own natural resources?! Beats me, our democracy is insane.maybe because you are farting so muchtheres a limited amountask our "awsome" president gorge bush...that idiot is driving this country down the hill...Because the "green" Democrats are still driving cars instead of doing what they preach. This is using up our gasoline. IMO1.there is a screw on the carburator which controlls teh engine rpm when u are not accelerating. 2. there migh be not enough coolant(water) in radiator or maybe your water pump(which rotates water from radiator to engine is not working properlt) or any places your car looses coolant. this makes the automatic termostate of carburator work(as the water doesn't cools the carburator your carb thinks the wheter is cold so the gas goes up
Go to the Hemmings website, look up one of the Mustang clubs and contact them.  They're the experts on everything Mustang.most old US cars have door panels with pop-in wire springs that go into quarter inch holes.  remove the handle (look in the center of the spinning axis part for a hex or screw) and any other handle or chrome parts that have fasteners, then using a large flat screwdriver or putty knife insert gently behind the panel around the edges until you find where one of the wire springs is, then pry up GENTLY.  Once you have one, to the rest with your hands only, feel along, pull gently, DON'T BEND THE PANEL!   Good luck.
Try the speed sensor. If not then take to a shop.I'd safley bet it's your speed sensorGotta buy a Chilton's manual. It's worth having around anyway... It's better than taking the advice of some random person here.You should take it back to the place you bought it...or take it to a ford dealer.  I just bought a mercury sable and there is a little problem so I'm taking it to a Ford dealer.  Since it's their brand of car they know more about fixing it.A speedometer is a tricky thing to remove/repair and even more difficult to replace.  It's possible and even likely that the person you bought it from attempted to tamper with the milage on the odometer and in doing so failed to put the unit back together properly.  BewareDo only 1 thing. Take the car or the speedometer to put into the garbage.
there are a certain group in our society that are just that special.  they don't have to use turn signals, they don't have to park their cars in a space and instead just park it right in front of stores, they cut you off, pull out in front of you, walk in front of you without saying 'excuse me', they butt ahead of you in line, when you hold a door for them they look at you like it was your job and they wouldn't dream of lowering themselves to say 'thank you', and they generally act like the rest of us are here on this planet to serve them because they have some divine right to be assholes.Picture this:. . I'm slowing down to make a right turn into "Walmart". ANOTHER guy is on the same road waiting to make a left. into the SAME parking lot. If he sees me signal, he IMMEDIATELY completes HIS turn in front of me and HE gets the ONLY empty spot within 3 miles of the store. DANG!!!!!. . If I didn't signal, we woulda waited........ . so poo poo to you. . kidding....I'M  KIDDING!!!!!!!I always use them... even when I KNOW for a fact that no one is around to see.That darn sparkydog stole my answer!  All I can do now is agree with her, she is right.I like to keep you guessing.i hate that, it's one of my pet peeves when driving.1. they forgot. 2. they were too lazythey are womenNow you know why they're called turn options!. . By the way, never accuse anyone of intelligence... it's not fair to them!Becuz there too IGNORENTWell said, sparkydog_1372.. . I appreciate your answer. Those people are very lazy, to turn on their indicators to warn ppl behind them. They are so lazy that they dont even care for others lives and move on. They break the lanes suddenly without even giving indicators. If we horn them to give us a side they deliberately block our road.. . They bride the traffic police thinking they are lords of the road. Road Safety rules should include compulsion of indicators(side & brake) instead of focusing on Helmets and Seat Belts.
CLK 500. It look better and drives nicer.BMW M3. You can do the most to customize it and it doesn't look like "old person, slow, only for getting place to place" when it's stock. I also like Bmw 3 series better because they look cool with a body kit and rims.MB CLK 500, nice exterior and interior. Saw it once in a car exhibition. Metallic Black would be nice.
Lovepurple explained it well, but you really should look at a cutaway of a differential to REALLY get the idea. It's SO HARD to describe something like this clearly.The differential gears include the following.  The pinion, Ring, and spider gears.  In a rear wheel drive car the drive shaft from the transmission turns what is called the "pinion" gear.  This gear is meshing with what is called the "ring" gear.  This meshing is what takes the rotation and turns it 90 degrees out to the wheels via spider gears.  These spider gears are what allows the wheels to turn at 2 different speeds.  Like when you go around turns or when you're in a mud hole and only one wheel is spinning.  Posi-traction is fairly simple also.  Engineers have put tension on these spider gears so they aren't so likely to turn at different speeds but, if enough force is put on them, they will.  Front wheel drive cars are similar in operation as far as spider gears only the driving of the ring gear is more of a straight path so it doesn't have to turn the power 90 degrees.  Hence, no pinion.  Hope this helps.  A picture says a thousand words.  So find one on the net and enjoy.as the last guy wrote, but to simplify, the output shaft from the transmission spins the driveshaft which in turn spins the input shaft of the diferential, inside the diferental housing, motion is transferred 90 degrees and with a set of gears, which then spin the axel (and wheels) think of it kind of like an old fashioned hand powered mixer, because that is essentially the same processthe drive shaft comes out of the transmission and connect to the differential. The diff has a set of gears in it with teeth that recieve torque from the transmission. the input shaft rotates the gears according to the output of the transmission. then it rotates the gears which equalize the power to both wheels through the output shaft (axle).
Easy down all the way is first. Now up is neutral, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5ththe system works same as in the car but the difference is it donot stop
This fault can be caused by loose or poor adjustment of door strikers providing inadequate tension on the door (or boot)switches or dirty contacts or a even a loose switch retaining screw, it only takes one and there probably is 5 fitted to your car.. Failing this contact your VW dealer - there could be a common fault and they will provide advice.this seem like a very interesting thing you have going on. if i were you i would take my car to the dealer and get it checked out and see if it is electrical problems another thing if you truly feel uncomfortable maybe say a prayer(if your religious) be for getting in .... hope this could be of any helpIt sounds like that door actuator has gone bad and it needs to be replaced. PART # fro the driver side is 3B1 837 015 AK and the passenger side is 3B1 837 016 BHWow great answers from the last 2 posters! (jezdgenr8 and speedychic2002)  This pretty much covers it, but please make a visit to . . www.passatworld.com/forums. . We are a Passat community with many members and are always happy to help.  I've been a member for a year and 1/2 now.  I have a 1999 Passat 1.8T Sedan with a 5-speed.  My user-id there is Mikecom32.  PM me sometime!. . Mikei had a similar problem, it turned out to be my sunvisor. whenever i would put it down it would make my car do some crazy things, maybe try that next?Without a doubt, you need a new dr door latch.  Inside the latch there are microswithces that go bad all the time and will cause the exact problems you've described.  The part is usually $150-200 and you should not be charged more than 1.5-2.0 hours labor to complete this job(includes diagnosis time).
Because all they want is to be agreed with.  They don't care, or want to know what you think.  They simply want to hear their own opinions repeated.  Hmm sounds like some teachers I've had.Maybe it's a rhetorical question.cos they like to feel superior?sometimes you know the answer but you just need an outside opinion, idea or a different aspect on the issue.  The reality is that you are in front of the computer and have the whole world in front of you, why ask anybody at all.Some people think they are sure about something yet know nothing.
Drill holes..make sure u add a solution so that you don't rust . Also a sealant would also help to prevent water from seaping into your trunk. Use a scew and washers..and if you can, find rubber washers to go along with metal washers to use instad of a sealant.You'll have to drill holes for it.If you use glue only it will probably fall off.You will have to drill new holes.they are essentially the same car as you probably know...  there may even be holes cut in the inner structure to accommodate the spoiler install.  you can also get templates that will show the exact location you need to drill. I'm not sure where you can get them as all the ones i have used came with the spoiler.  and another thing you can do is lay 2 inch masking tape in the general area of where the studs are going to be <edges of the deck lid>  set the spoiler on the car and get it in position   then lightly press down to leave marks in the tape.   then you should be able to drill the holes in the correct location.  do not glue it on!  the glue might stick the the paint just fine   but it will most likely take the paint with it when it comes off.
Look up in your local phone book, "Automobile salvage".. . That is where you can find one for just a few dollars.. They take parts out of totaled cars that were not dammaged and sell them really cheap.  You can find ANY part for just about ANY car.. Every guy I've ever known has bought parts from automobile salvage yards.pick a part dont forget the number on the doorpanel for the key you need to get from the dealer.try the wrecking yard or just modify it somehow, fabricate something from a similar vehicle....I'd check salvage yards first, most have location services that can find it if they don't have one available ( via computer country wide) I've also had very good luck finding parts through auction services on-line ( eBay etc.) good luck :)
it's very hard to get sponsors.  You have to get your name out in the public.  You should throw a few car shows, see how the turnout is.  And then ask a company to sponsor you guys.  let them know there are X amount of people who usually show up.  (you want the X amount to be large).  That way the company(s) will know their name is being shown.  Plus, maybe ask them to donate some merchandise for raffles.  This is one way to start a good reputation.Depends on the truck? if you really want to get sponsored then go to the dealers and manufactures. bear in mind though if you are sponsored its alot of work and if you have to go to a show that truck is not yours while its there its theirs.
Think of rust as a cancer on your car. You need to take it to a good repair shop where they can sand it down properly and repaint the panel, that is the correct way to do it. A cheaper but also less effective way to fix it would be to go to an auto parts store and buy some 220 grit sand paper and lightly sand off the rust only and then use touch up paint, this however would only be a band aid and eventually you will need to do the actual repair work.Get some metal conditioner and touch up liquid paint, wash the spot with warm water and soap, and then add the metal conditioner, and then touch up paint, wait a few days and then give it either a clear coat application over the spot or buff it, but make sure you don't buff out your touch-up spot. You can get touch up paint at Advance Auto or AutoZone for about 5 bucks.  Make sure you get the one with the little brush on the tip.Scrap off the rust part then use sand paper to rub down until you see the bare metal,shinning metal.Buy a tin of fibre glass putty,ask for fine type.Scoop sufficient and add hardener then mix thoroughly then apply evenly over the prepared area.Let to dry. Next apply putty evenly over the area.let to dry.then sand paper over the putty until even and smooth to the touch.Buy a canister of matching colour paint and spray evenly over the prepared area at the same time cover other area that you do not wish to spray with old newspaperWhen this has happened to me, I have sanded off the rust from the small spot, and then applied clear nail polish over the eposed areas.  That has prevented it from growing out of control.
hi, like the man said before it depends on the year of the vehicle as to which type you need, or which type you want. you can get some adapters which will allow you to update your r12 freon to r134. the cost of an update will be close to the cost of r12 freon if not cheeper. I reccomend you look into r134 because in the long run as you need to replace it, it will be cheeper because r12 may not be available or very expensive. thanks gramps.Just look on the air conditioner compressor.  It will say what type of freon it's built to run.If it is pre 1994ish you will probably need R-12 freon. Unless you are certified to purchase it, you will have to go to a service statioin. If your car is a later model it probably uses R-134a.
both as good as each other. get the dealers to fight for your cashI would recommend the XLR-V it is a high performace version of the XLR 0-60 in 4.6 seconds or less.  LS2 Corvette Engine.  If youa re looking for more power thier is a company that makes them Even faster.  I will provied their link below.
There are a hundred reasons the light could come on, the best thing to do is take it to a local Autozone, Pep Boys or similar store and have them do a Free CEL Diagnostic check (most all automotive stores should offer this service) and they will be able to tell you exactly what code the light is on for.. It could be from a loose gas cap (causing low gas tank pressure) to a bad sensor somewhere, to something much worse.even a loose gas cap can cause this ... among a lot of other things.You have a ghost....what ChrisMab saidI think someone is flipping the switchI had the same problem with my turn signal, I asked a friend to check and see if it was working and he said yeah it is, no it ain't, yeah it is, no it ain't . . . . . . . .  .TRY THIS...UNHOOK THE NEGATIVE FROM THE BATTERY WAIT 20 SECS AND THEN PUT IT BACK ON....IF THE LIGHT DOESNT COME BACK ON EVER AGAIN THE TRICK IS DONE. BUT IF IT DIDNT WORK THEN THERE MUST BE SOME ELECTRICAL PROBLEM, TAKE IT TO THE MECHANIC...ONE THAT YOU CAN TRUST.
check the tires it will be written on them you can also open the door and on the door it self near the lock will be a tag that should say, also in the owners manualWhatever the tires say on the sidewall. If mot around 30-35 lbscheck the tires or the info found on the driver side door or in the trunk-- sometimes they have it listed on there
SXT is a feature package that adds several features.  Check out the link and select both the SE and SXT and hit compare.  Looks like the SXT is basically a sports package.It was something the marketing department thought up. They will combine letters and numbers until they like the sound, and that's pretty much all there is to it.. They will research this to the nth degree, test markets, consumer surveys, etc.  But, rarely do the letters actually mean anything anymore.
My guess is since most Pumps have more than one grade of Fuel coming through the Delivery end. It would take a few seconds for the Computer to register which grade of gas you want and then give the signal to the proper tank/pump to send requested fuel to the Delivery Hose. Sometimes it's hard to have things we wanted Yesterday.YEAH, and then it takes 15 minutes for that last .25 cents worth to come out.I don't know what all this "computer" talk is about. Everyone knows their are elves running those pumps. I imagine it takes awhile to get up from whatever they're doing. Maybe they're on break or in the middle on an elvish conversation. . I figure they work hard...I have a couple seconds to let the elf finish his beer.. . Glad to see you're back! It got a little boring without you!hmmmm, maybe it is just the gas pumps up there, mine don,t do that, they start up right after the debit goes through. maybe thats the only thing mississippi has one up on you.lol!
Sometimes the steering wheel is wedged against the key control and keeps it from turning (an antitheft device).  Try turning your steering wheel a little bit and then see if the key will turn.Try turning the steering wheel slightly while turning the key. Sometimes the Ignition/steering wheel interlock gets stuck. My 98 Escort does this occasionally...I just turn the wheel 5 degrees to the left and the key turns just fine! Good Luck to you!Some cars have a anti-theft device which will lock up the ignition if the car is turned off with the front wheels turned.  Try turning your steering wheel without the key inserted.  If it stops after moving only a couple of inches, this is probably the problem. . . To fix the problem, simply insert the key (but don't turn it yet). Turn the steering wheel until it stops moving.  Now move the steering wheel until it is is not resting against the anti-theft device(half-way between the two stopping points).  This should free the ignition, and should fix the problem.
As stated above, usually if it leaks in the car it's the heater core, if it leaks outside the car it's a variety of things. i have seen heater cores leak outside, but only in rare occasions. You need to pressure test the colling system to verify the source of the leak and go from there. Check before you spend your time and money.Usually if a heater core is leaking it is on the inside of the vehicle along the front passenger side floorboard.  More than likely it'll be your water pump or maybe your radiator.I AGREE WITH THE OTHER ANSWERS THESE HAVE HELPED ME TOO.if you can smell anit freeze inside the car it is your core ; if  it is just under the car most likely a thermostate
It is a cycle with two wheels.  A tricycle is a cycle with three wheels.  A unicycle is a cycle with one wheel.I dunno. What do you think??????There are rude definitions:  The village bicycle - a local girl too free with her charms.Definition of "Bicycle". (Section 316.003(2), F.S.). . Every vehicle propelled solely by human power, and every motorized bicycle propelled by a combination of human power and an electric helper motor capable of propelling the vehicle at a speed of not more than 20 miles per hour on level ground upon which any person may ride, having two tandem wheels, and including any device generally recognized as a bicycle though equipped with two front or two rear wheels.google it. not only will you find what it is but you will find where to buy one.A little car that has 3 wheels. What did u think it was.A vehicles which contain to wheels is called as bicycle. .  'bi'-'cycle'A bicycle or bike, is a pedal-driven human-powered vehicle with two wheels attached to a frame, one behind the other.
We use a seasonal gas during the summer which is specially blended to reduce smog and other kinds of air pollution.  This specially blended formula along with the increase in demand (people use more gas during the spring and summer because that's when they usually take vacation) cause the prices to rise.  Don't expect a decrease until fall when we can go back to regular gas.  Best WishesConcerns over global stores/oil reserves. Also, driving up the price of oil is uncertainty in various oil producing regions such as Iran, Iraq, Nigeria, and Venezuela.because we depend on foreign oil and demos are the idiotsBecause oil hit $75/barrel.. Oh yeah, and Bush is an idiot!because they like to fly. ohh, and cause of our pres. BushBECAUSE YOUR A B#**#H h#%$Speculation about possible war with Iran (not going to happen anytime soon, IMO) are driving up oil prices...Iranian nuclear standoff, as well as turmoil in Nigeria.. . In addition, refineries are now required to switch over to summer blends of fuel, and refinery capacity is tight as we haven't built a new refinery in pretty close to three decades.Prices don't soar - they rise!. . Prices rise because you use too much fuel.. . The American driver whines and complains, but does little to curb driving habits.. . Supply and demand, economics 101.Because Bush is a power hungry zealot and supply and demand. There's more demand because of people driving around to enjoy the weather but the oil companies are keeping the supply the same.
Hey dude chk this out this should help u. . http://www.faqfarm.com/Q/FAQ/892. . http://www.partstrain.com/ShopByDepartment/Tail_Light/ISUZU/RODEO. . http://www.autoanything.com/grille-guards/taillights/index.aspx. . http://www.carpartswholesale.com/cpw/isuzu~rodeo~tail_lights.html. . mng.1432@gmail.comtechnical manual 2001 isuzu rodeo>>tail light, check out some book in the library or search it in the net. look for community forums for your vehicle.
That they are color blind! NO really I think they are Taxi's and the color helps to identify them to people.. Mikethey ether are or at one time where taxes this is how they paint them.
2 pointsI would think there is a very big advantage in using the sky walk if that is your only option, as opposed to running across a busy road.  What is the good in being scraped up off the pavement with a shovel when you could have taken the safer way and arrive alive...
Not sure, but you may have to remove the headlight trim ring...as if you were going to change bulbs.  I think if I recall correctly, that visor or air foil starts under the headlight trim ring and goes back, right?  If so, I'd say pop the trim ring off and that should get the air foil off.. . By the way, does that really deflect the air that much?  I have a windsheild on my new bike (Heritage) and man...I don't know if I could get back used to not having a windsheild now.  I had to get the lower progfile one due to my height...not able to see over the stock one.Try a little C-4 around the airfoil, that should do the trick.The screws/bolts attaching the airfoil and also the handlebar clamp cover are hidden from view and can be accessed by removing the headlamp trim ring AND the headlight from the nacelle.  . A 5 minute job becomes a 2 hour job, thanks to H-D's quest for FORM over FUNCTION.
The Black Box is an extremely tough data recorder which is installed in airplane to record the cockpit dialouge and systems data of the aircraft at all times.  This way, if the plane crashes, investigators have a much eaier time determining what went wrong.born in a barn?There are several so called black boxes in airplanes.. They are usually colored orange for easy location, after a crash.. They all contain information of the flight, The cockpit recorder, records the voices on the Pilot and crew. Usually just the last thirty minutes or so.. The other boxes, contain information on systems, and are often used for maintenance records, to see how everything is working, during the flight.a black box is a sort of information storing device which stores all the technical data of the flights as well as the communications.. . it is used to find out the reasons responsible for a crash in aircrafts.. . one more interesting fact about it is that it is generally orange in color in order to locate it easily after a crash.records voices and flight data so it can be recovered if theres a crash.i just farted!!!!!its like the in-flight recorder. it records everything that goes on in the cockpit so that in the event of crash (its built to withstand those things), investigators can use it to help them find out what went wrong.black box act as a recorder inside all flights. in case,the aircraft crashes n no survivor,only the black box will tell us how did it crash n why. . but in some airline...they just cant be bothered to change d black box eventhough its outdated
It should say on the oil cap under the hood but I recomend 10 w 30 or 15 w 30 I had a 99 Ram and that's what it used10w30 is great in that truck and manfactor apporvedIf the idiot light came on why put anything in it go get an oil change! Any good multi weight oil, I prefer Castrol.~:)+
Most tell tale symptoms would be: Engine idles rough, sharp puffing sound from top of engine that speeds up or slows down in relation to revving the engine.  OIL will be seen at the top of the engine leaking down the sides of the engine.The engine sounds like it is misfiring. There is water in your oil reservoir. The engine will eventually cease to run.Engine oil starts to mix with water in the radiator.Just open radiator s cap,If there is oil on the top of water then you have blown gasket.it has a really happy smile on its face.thats right but you will also have water missing and keep going and creamy shit in the oil and the car might start over heatingyou know that you have a blown head gasket when you see that it has been blown !!!:)Testing an automobile engine for a blown head gasket is pretty straightforward. The first check is to see if there are combustion gasses getting into the cooling system. Take a sample of the coolant and go to the local radiator shop and request that they analyze the coolant for the presence of hydrocarbons. If they are present then it is most likely that you have a blown head gasket.. . Another check is to look at the oil of a warmed up engine. The antifreeze in the oil will whip it up into a frothy brown mixture that looks like a milk shake. If it looks like chocolate mousse then you probably have a blown head gasket.. . Another check is to fill the cooling system to the brim and remove the radiator cap. Do this when the engine is cool. Start the engine and race it. If there is a compression leak and the gasses are going into the cooling jacket then the gasses will displace the coolant. Since the cap is off the coolant will be pushed out of the radiator. You probably have a blown head gasket.. . OK, so we are pretty sure there is a blown head gasket and if we have a straight cylinder engine then there is only one head to remove, but what if it is a V-8 or V-6? How can you isolate the cylinder that is leaking? Remove all the spark plugs. Get a cooling system pressure tester and pressurize the cooling system to specification, normally about 20 PSI. Leave the system pressurized for a few hours. Now lay down some clean paper towel along the cylinder heads where the spark plugs were. Crank the engine over for a few seconds. Since the spark plugs are not in place any antifreeze that leaked into the cylinder will be blown out onto the clean paper towel. Examine the paper towel for the telltale signs of antifreeze and you will be able to tell which is the guilty cylinder.. . You can also look at the condition of the spark plugs. Any spark plug that looks different from the rest should be suspect. Of course if you can see antifreeze on a plug then you know that is the bad guy. If the plug looks cleaner than the rest or has a white powder on it then suspect that one.. . Most blown head gaskets will require a new gasket be installed. There are very few which will be fixed by addition of a cooling system sealer - you can try it, but be prepared to spring for the big bucks and have the gasket replaced.
Don't do it, it'll just sound worse!  There isn't enough power in stock stereos for aftermarket parts...  Buy a new head unit, then you probably wont need the equalizer.I am not sure if you can on a stock radio especially if it is the lowest model they had. I know that I couldn't in my '95 contour. I had to get a new stereo.same as any other stereo..  you will have to plug the stereo speaker outputs into the equalizer inputs. the equalizer outputs become the speaker wires.
The fact that they put GT on it and jack up the price.  That and a few cosmetic works and they fill the tank with 100 octane avgas instead of the regular stuff.usually a tighter stiffer suspension. wider tires. better handling. some kind of different gauges . maybe little bigger engine. better looking. costs More money. Good luckGT stands for Gran Turismo or Great Touring car. Basically, it's a sportier, higher performance version of the non-GT or base model. In the case of the Ford Mustang, for example, the base Mustang has a V6 while the GT has a V8, which is a larger, more powerful engine. Often, the GT version will also have a sportier or race-inspired interior, stiffer suspension (for better cornering and overall handling) and bigger brakes (for more stopping power).The mustang GT has a bigger engine(hince faster) than the regular mustang and has a slightly different suspension and interior.Thats about the meat and potatoes of it.A proper GT vehicle will have upgraded engine, suspension, and seats.  The idea is better performance for road conditions.  Unfortunately GT has become a option badge that does little more than add shiny wheels, a spoiler and some sticker/stripes on a car.Usually there are performance, exterior and interior upgrades that may not be availiable on the base model. I don't know if it makes it "better". But it can enhance the driving experience. After all, better is in the mind of the purchaser.GT is better.
it's likely the motor or a fuse.Perhaps your antennae has overdosed on Viagra.it's the motor or fuse not very expensive.   or could just be trying to get a radio station in japan were the thing belongs!!power antennas have a plastic cord that looks like a zip cord to the pull toys. most of the time that cord breaks. if you can hear the motor running then the cord is broken if you can't hear the motor then either the motor is bad or you have lost power or ground to itwhen you first turn on your radio the anntenna comes up as well automatic.it is possible that the motor is defective. in some cars it can be replaced from underneath the fender.others through the trunk.might run you some cash.That depends if it even does go down at all. some user manuals for cars state what one model has that your model might not have.
12-13 should be the case, but im not sure if the earlier spec model which had the last of the 2.0 16 "XE" or "redtop" engines from the cavalier GSI would be any higher by say a group or 2, my last car was a GL hatch with a XE transplant and was insured as a Grp 15 GSi. If you are looking for one of these cars try n get an earlier models with the XE as the "ecotec" engines were 15 brake horse power down on the old and far superior XE lump :)In the UK, 12-13
Actually, just use rubbing alcohol and a cotton ball (or an alcohol prep swab). It takes out ink VERY well.Nothing. :(you should try rubbing alchohol or get a leather cleaning agent....armor all might work...you can find it at strauss or your local supermarketLeather World Technologies offers a full line of professional grade ink, stain, and degreaser products for restoring your leather to top condition. Once your stain problem has been resolved, we have the leather care and leather cleaning products to maintain your leather for years to come.. . The leather manual contains a stain problem solving section at Problem Solving Tips that lists a number of common leather staining problems and the corrective action to take, including the appropriate products to use. . . In general, you'll find that most of our care and stain remover products can handle Pigmented and aniline leathers.  Special products are provided for NuBuck/Suede leathers. If you aren't sure of your leather type, consult Identifying Leather.. http://www.leatherworldtech.com/category.aspx?categoryID=50.  .  I've used acetone to remove pen marks on leather before. It is a deglazer though, and needed oiling after. I hope it's not white leather.. . or take a can of cheap hair spray, the pressurized kind. spray some on a dry towel, from close enough range to make a "wet spot" on the towel (3-4"away). . use the BACK side of that spot on the towel to rub the ink. . PRESTO, it's gone!!!yup, . isopropyl alcohol 70%. apply with cotton ball and rub . lightly in small circular motions. . repeat as necessary until all ink is removed
You need more details (1) What kind of sound (2) how often does it make this sound. (3) Is it loud or barely noticeable.its just grumpy... will get over itwhat kind of sound?
in the U.S after 93 the rx7 went twin turbo before that only the turbo two was it also had a hood scoop and diff. rims stiffer sus.the r1 was a 1993 only model and it had stiffer suspension, front & rear spoilers, dual oil coolers, special cloth seats, and a strut tower brace. . the r2 was for 94 and 95 in the us and it was similar to the r1 but may have had softer suspension settings.
You could do that but..... My dad has worked around cars his whole life and not a car comes in that does not have the Check Engine light on. Most likely there is nothing wrong with your engine. The Check Engine light is a con from the dealers. It'll come on no matter how young or old the car is...and is even more likely to come on if you have a used car. Dealers know how to turn these lights off and on. Get a local mechanic to check out the car.You should have explained if this was a brand new car or a used one. If it is a new car, give them a chance to fix it. If it was a used car and sold "as is", then it is up to you to get it fixed.if it still has a warranty on it take it down to the nearest (whatever make your car is) is dealer and they will check it and fix it for free. Usually they just have to reset it if it's a newer car.The whole dealers can turn the CEL on or off bit is dumb and false.. . Most MIL codes are for actual/serious problems with your vehicle. If your car is brand new, no matter if they are willing to fix it or etc, I would return the vehicle. There may be a serious underlying problem that can be patched and come to haunt you later on.unless there was an AS IS on bill of sale, you have 15-30 days buyers remorse-depending on stateIf the car was purchased from a garage you can retuen it and they will fix as it should have come with a warrenty for repairs. If not contact trading standards and they will inform you of your rights and the process of returning your car.
electric motor and gas engine . at speeds that are low the electris side is on when speed rises the gas part takes over. The gas engine recharges that main battery so des the flywheel during braking. Because the elsectric motor is on during low speeds you get a high city milage 65  and lower highway 54The gas engine comes on and off intermintantly as the car runs arund, a computer desides when to run it and when to shut it,when its shut, an electric motor runs the car. The gas engine also charges the battery used by the electric motor, when its running.  the trick is to know when to shut the engine and when to run the electric motor .  For instance, when a car is at a stop light, its waisting gas, yes, so when the car is at rest for a sertain period of time  the computer will shut the engine down, when the light turns green  the computer will use the electric motor to move the car foreward, till it reaches a sertain speed, and to allow . the gas engine to be started, then the computer will start the gas engine, and take over the power train, also charging the battery for the electric motor to run when necessary. Its all timing, and power to weight ratio stuff,  its a brillient idea though as you actually always have a backup . system to make the car go.. www.howstuffworks.comThe same way a normal car does, but when the car is stopped, the gasoline engine shuts down.  This added fuel adds to the economy of city driving.  There isn't a benifit, though on the highway.The synergy drive in the Prius is realy cool it uses the electric motors to slow the car down in turn using your kinetic energy as a power source generating electricity to recharge your battery. The Toyota hybrids are probably the quicker of the hybrids "They've got balls". the only thing that takes some getting used to is, when you turn the key on the engine doesn't start if the car thinks its time to use the gas motor then it will turn on when you hit the gas.they operate on electricity in town and on gas on the highways, they get their electricity from the sun
I always attach the positive to positive.  The negative to the car being jumped and then the other end of the negative to the frame of the car (better ground)Just for s hi ts and giggles try ooking them up positive to negative, it's GREAT FUNpositive to positive and negative to negative, unless you are trying to blow up the battery for some reason..first you put the positive on the positive of both battery terminals. . then you put one negative on your negative battery terminal. and then you put the last negative jumper on something like your metal ground ( or anything that will ground the cable ). this is done so your connection does not spark near the battery..there are fumes from the battery you can not see and may explode if you make a spark..so place the last one on a metal ground...on the engine or the radiator support... Be CAREFUL. Good Lucknegative to negative positive to positive thats how its always been and its the safest way and the right way.I always read my car's instruction manual. I had a Honda that said to hook the negative to the car not the batteryHi there, I work at a auto garage and it best to hook up you negative to you strut tower(usually 3 bolts in a triangle, it's what your shocks are on) Thats what i do when jumping or charging
clamp down on the bolt head if you can, if not, grab the back side of the shaft w/ vise grips and force it off.  If it's a big bolt, you might have to use a cheater pipe on your wrench to give you better leverage.  Odds are the bolt and nut are ruined, and you will have to replace them.  You might be able to file the treads straight, but once they are ruined enough to refuse to come off, they usually need to be replaced.well if it is already chewed up take it out with vise grips if the shoulders are worn off. after you may need to drill out the existing hole and replace with a Helli coil, any auto parts store should carry this. tell them of your project. and they will recommend the right size for your job I recommend advance auto or napa.I love MAXES answer LOL I think I am going to buy this guy a beer at the bar wanna joing us? LOL But on a serious note get a socket and ratchet and keep turning until it breaks off.Nut splitter or hack saw.If you can get a hacksaw to it saw it off, use a cutting torch and cut it off, if you can't do that buy a nut buster from your local tool store this will split the nut and allow you to remove the nut.If poss get a thread file and clean them up. If not drill holes in a line on the nut then smack it with a chisel along the line to split the nut.Just run through the steps-. 1.  Spray it w/ WD-40. 2.  Try a wrench. 3.  Try another wrench. 4.  Cuss at it. 5.  Spray w/ more WD-40. 6.  Try some Vise-Grips. 7.  Tighten the crap outta the Vise Grips so they hurt your hand. 8.  More Cussing. 9.  More WD-40. 10. Try the Vise grips 1 more time. 11. Just cut it off w/ a hack saw & go to the barIf you are sure the nut cross threaded, no point of removing, just cut away with hacksaw, if its jammed due to internal corrosion spray WD40 better if you can apply break oil, leave it for at least min 6 hrs, then try, or apply heat and try..
do you want to change the headlight housing or the headlight bulb? if its the bulb the old ones should slide right out , just slide the new ones in.VW are by far the hardest to change do your self a favor take it to a shop i am a auto tech and i have problems with those
You might check your wiring, the spot lights should only come on when the headlight high beams come on. verify you have tapped into the hot wire for the highbeams. not the lowbeams or ground.Simple eliminate the relay, hot wire from batt. or auxiliary fuse thur in-line fuse to switch, from switch to lights. ground wire from lights to any good ground on chassis. This way light only come on when you flip the switch and are independent of you headlights
wet-dry shop vacuse a wet-vac.  open the doors in the sunshine for a few days.wet/dry vacuumvaxshop vac or lay towels down apply pressure,if you dont have a shop vac  use one at carwash
Advantages:  Increases value of the car at resale, lighter than steel wheels, most significant way to make your car more attractive. . Disadvantages:  More expensive than steel wheels, can corrode if protective coating comes off, softer alloy is more susceptible to dents/scratches/gouges, attractive to theftAlloy wheels were made mostly for racing in the beginning.They reduce unsprung weight so the suspension can react faster to the surface of the track, keeping the car more stable.Street rodders started using them and with a little imagination you have the cool wheels of today. They are a lot more upkeep and very expensive.
Purchase a book by CHILTON'S for the year of your car, and it has everything in there. Its a basic how to book for your car, what others cars are the same and what parts can interchange. The company has been producing books since 1925 so you shouldn't have any problem finding one. Try you local, Store Parts store. 'NAPA' is where I got mine.I would go to school to become a tech. That way you could actually get a degree in it, and you'll make alot of money working at a dealership. That way you could fix others car for the big $$ and fix your own. I work in a car dealership and all the techs have older cars. They all know what to do to fix it, so it doesn't cost them much to maintain them. Otherwise you're paying monthly for a new car. :)TRY CARS FOR DUMMIES BOOKSA good way to start would be getting an operations manuel for your own car.  It will tell you how to use your cars computer for diagnosis, as well as detail the cars parts and functions.  But it also shows you the basics like how to change fluids and parts.you can go to your local parts store and find a book on your particular make and model of auto.  it will contain anything you want to know about your car.  I buy a book for every vehicle I own.  I am not a great mechanic, but I know my way around the shop, all by trial and error and the help of my handy little books.  Average cost $26.00GO to aol u can look up for carsGo to your local auto parts store and by a Haynes manual for your particular car. Everything you want to know will be in there. Avoid the Chilton's books, they're geared towards people with a bit of mechanical experience.
(m). . The International Air Transport Association is an international trade organization of airlines headquarted in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Airlines have been granted a special exemption to consult prices with each other through this body. The organization has been accused of acting as a cartel, and many low cost carriers are not full IATA members.As far as I remember, Iata is the Etruscan god of the underworld. He is identical with the Greek Hades and the Roman god Pluto...
As the lady said, it's a bulb that does two things turn signal and running lights, or running lights and brake lights etc.basically a bulb (usually turnsignal, etc) that acts as two things.  so a marker light AND a blinker...  or like most brake lightsSame as the first two You see it often with low beam and high beam headlights.
There is the B16A, B16B, B16C, and K20A. Those is some of engines they have.honda has been making cars & engines for over 50 years I think. You want someone to list them all?Just get a spoon engine and smoke the competition!!
These types of Dangerous Goods have designated routes of which the driver cannot deviate, unless specified(emergency) by the MTO or the regional or OPP forces. Pick up the TDG book, it gives descriptions of all Dangerous Goods.Its transported just the way you saw it. Its safe unless the truck crashed and the containers open.
Most likley you need to either go and get your throttle body professionally cleaned or if you are able you will need to remove the throttle body and look inside you will see the butterfly that flaps everytime you hit the gas it is most likly surrounded in black carbon build up.  If you take a small brush and some carberator choke cleaner it will break that up and will fix your sticky throttle.  I work in an automotive shop and see this all the time mostly when a car has over 30,000 miles.there's a very good chance that the cable attached to your accelerator has gotten dirty or is no longer greased up properly.  Before you start spending loads of money on getting it checked, look for the easy stuff yourself.  Pull up your floormats and clean/vacuum all around the pedals and make sure that it's not piece of dirt you dropped that has wedged between the pedal and the floor.  If you know anything about engines or know what your accelerator cable looks like, you should pop the hood of your car and inspect the cables (not just that one, but all cables)  Make sure they're not dusty and dry....if they are, then go to mechanic.What year is this? IF, it a newer year model. First, check where it connect under the hood. May try spraying the Spring with some Cleaner/WD-40. IF, that not work, then the Cable itself may need cleaned, lubricated or Replaced. You can also see if something may be interfering with it, both under hood and look around the pedal too.I had same problem, spray cable and or have a mech check it out. My pedal would stay stuck down when hitting brake, not very safe.sure oku probley need to clean the throttle cablesounds scary, get it checked out ASAPPut some lithium based grease on the cable and linkage. If you are afraid to drive it like that, have it towed to the nearest repair shop as soon as possible before you have a wreck. DO NOT USE WD 40, it will not last long.This is very dangerous.Lubing it may help but if the cable is frayed it could stick after you accelerate and you wont be able to stop in time.Play it safe and replace it asap.look on top of your motor (under the air cleaner) for the throttle cable and when you find it spray it with WD-40. could just be sticking due to rust, dirt, etc.
How deep ? Some will just polish out. Some must have additional alloy welded in , smothed and then polished.You can try mothers mag polish or "never dull"replace itpaint the scratch with the same color
From what I've heard, and seen in owning a few Fords, is their brakes aren't very good, and their air conditioning isn't very good.  Someone told me they use cheap o-rings, so their air conditioning goes out, but I don't know the real reason.  I had to replace mine relatively soon (on a new Ford Escort, this was in the early 90s, so maybe they have improved since then.)  I live in the deep south, so A/C is critical.If it is stolen.leaks are important.  Some used cars can lose a lot.  The engine needs to be good.  Does it idle rough or have unusal noises.  When you drive it, does it respond properly?  accelerate to see if the tranny slips.  also the handling, does it wander or is it hard to turn.  Unusual vibrations?  Do the lights work?  A burnt bulb is no biggie, but major wiring problems could get costly.you should check to see if the engine is leaking any oil and see if ther may be black buildup in the exaust pipe check the milage and see if the spark plugs and wires have been changed. check the air filter. DRIVE IT AND SEE WHAT YOU THINK.
everything. there couldnt be ne more problems with themGM/Delphi are having major problems with their labor contracts. A typical UAW worker gets over $25 an hour plus insurance and other benefits.They are not selling enough vehicles.GM 6 cyl's 3100 3400 3800 all have lower intake problems...leaking coolant. same with there 4.3's. and there vortec, even the new 5.3 ones that are only a upper plenum have problems with vacume leaks. the older 8 cyls are better but still have sealing problems.What kind of car?Yes, the union has screwed them over. As for problems, people can say what they want to, but i swear by GM vehicles. my friend has a suburban w/ 200,000 miles, my girlfriend has an olds w/ 180,000...my one friend's whole family has chevy's with over 180,000 on them...i've never heard any real complaints around here about them..only on the internet. i would highly recommend buying one.GM is a problem by it selfThey laid down in front of the unions and signed contracts that could never be profitable for them.  They have way more people than they need, but they can't get rid of them because of clauses dealing with termination / lay off reasons and compensation.They are definitely having organizational problems. However when it comes to quality, I've been very pleased with all their products. Not to mention i've worked in the service department of 3 GM dealerships. I had an oldsmobile with over 200,000 miles on it and my mom has a cadillac with over 220,000 miles.
Why do people even ask these idiodic questions like this and take up space on this kind of help tool? ask that and you might get a good anwser and yes i would love to blare my music to where it moves your speedometer needle and gets you sick but to be serious, they don't spend enough time to think about how bad it rattles their car ie. license plate, backwindow, taillight clusters, and so forth so therefore they can't hear it and they don't care about it just like when poeple think what you have just mentionedSo that they can go deaf and cost tax payers money in the next 5 - 10 years.If an IPod has the decibels to make you deaf at 110 decibels over a prolonged period of time just think of what those car stereos could do.They are stupid and don't want to be able to hear when they get older.Because they think its cool.  Hopefully they think the same thing about sign language.So they can't hear how badly their car is running because they spent all their money on the stereo and none on maintenance?as we say in england, there nobheads !!so they hav an excuse when the cops pull them ovr why they didnt stop
Sorry, but you can't. Driving is an earned privilege...not a right. You earn the privilege by passing a road test that proves you are capable of handling the vehicle and obeying the rules of the road.The same way you get a paycheck without workingI am from Pakistan and I swear you can get your licence here without road test ! this is Pakistan, change Impossibles in to possibles here !THROUGH WWW.CRACKERJACKBOX.COM GOOD LUCK!!YOU DONT
The "log" is actually a small torpedo shape, with spiralled fins, to make it spin as it is towed.. As it spins, it twists the towing line.... which is attached to the other part of the mechanism, a gorgeous assortment of clockwork and gears and dials, which counts the number of rotations of the line...  and thus the distance traveled through the water.. . The whole thing is often known as a "Walker Log", possibly after the inventor?Not very well when the captain has a revolving iron peg leg.
You can't unless you have a turbo kit and a boost controller with a upgraded ecu.or Upgrade you ecuYou cant, it's not adjustable.. It has a distibutorless ignition system.. If the timing is wrong then the timing belt has slipped or its installed improperly.
you have to push down and towards the rear on the front part of the seat about 10 inches from the end to unlatch the metal strap of the seat from the floor bracket. its it a little tricky.A well placed grenade will do the trick.
It could be a really great adventure!  You should know the language (Spanish) and be able to do repairs on your bike in case it breaks.  Do some pre-planning and have spares sent to a few points along the way.  . . It would be safer to have a friend or two ride along with you.  Maybe you could get a sponsor and film the trip like Ewan McGregor and Charley Boorman did in "The Long Way Round" (great motorcycle movie!)In Metric rider last month a rider made it from Cal to Beleze. The hard part would be to bring spare parts. He has to have a tire shipped to him express while he stayed at a hotel in cancun.Your bike will probably get stolen in Mexico.It's safe until you hit the ocean.How are the going to get through Panama? No vehicle has ever succeeded.Not very- unless you can blend in with the local population and speak fluently.  Even then, your motorcycle, gear, and the likelihood of you having cash will still make you a very attractive target.
maybe the previous owner treated it more like an off-road SUV than an on-road vehicle. Also, the salt and sand put down in the winter for snowstorms does damage to cars and ages them faster. Maybe the previous owner wasn't as religious about washing the car as you are as well?UHHHHH LETS THINK MAYBE BECAUSE IT WAS LEFT OUT IN THE RAIN DUH DUH DUHHH!I've heard that suburu cars tend to rust easily. Sorry I can't help you morebecause its been on the beach or in the sea b4 u got it
brake cleaner on vynal or plastic will probably not do you anything except to ruin the material. if it is armoraled then try cleaning off the yuck.I have seen in a few cases people putting fabric on the dash for glair .......like felt or some thing that's anti slip .buy a can of brake parts cleaner, spray it in a rag, and wipe your whole dash with it. it will take the glaze away but keep the color intact.
I've seen people of all races have taped on mirrors.what the hell kinda question is that!you don't like it,buy them a new one,till then just keep it to you'r selfMirrors will break, I guess the African Americans in Detroit are just more Conservative with moneyit has less to do with the race and more with the car bud.  I'd be suprised to find a '85 chevy caprice that still had mirrors at all.It's not just detroit, and it's because it's rediculous to buy a new mirror and replace it when you can just duct it or leave it.  I've see that all over the eastern US too.  And I've been guilty of it for a few months myself!its because they all shit drivers you not seen pimp my ride ? how do half of them things get away with being on the road in the first place
i would have gotten a police officer to right a report at the time of the accident, that shows who is at fault. then i would call my insurance company and had an adjuster come out, then i would have my car towed to the body shop. (insurance will pay back any out of pocket money)There are licensed surveyors all over the country. You may get the details of some of them from the directory, or some good insurance company, and request a surveyor to come to your place, and give the estimate. This will be legally valid.The surveyor will charge you some fee. Obtain a receipt for this. This amount will also have to be reimbursed by the Insurance company.You could try CarCheckers.comcall your ins. company and ask them for advice, the other ins. co should pay for towing.
Ask at a good hardware store for a penetrating oil. Brand name will be Knok-It-Loose or something like that. Follow the directions on the can.P B Blaster. . Outperforms Liquid Wrench, and WD40  2 to 1!If heating it prior to adding wd-40...and LOTS of time doesn't work -- try pouring some Coca-Cola over the rusty bolt and working at it with a stiff scrub brush.  If it still doesn't work after removing the rust, repeat the heating/lubricating oil.  Good luck!pour cookin oild on it thats the country way to do it and it worksThe heat will work if you get it in the right place. If the bolt has a nut then heat it there instead of the bolt itself. When you do get it out and go to put in another always use antisieze on them.A product call Kroil works 100X better thank wd-40..  Its a penetrating oil. Wd-40 is just a lubricant..    Try heating repeatedly. Heat and let cool. Do it 3 or 4 times..   You can order Kroil from Kano laboratories.Liquid Wrench is what I use =)be sure you have the correct socket or wrench it should fit snug and not be sloppy... if you can get a flame on the nut like from a propane torch like a plumber uses that would be great heat the housing or nut around the bolt not the bolt itself with the flame's point until is glowing the remove the flame and turn the bolt... if you cannot get flame on it maybe a bheat gun... if neither are possible try this put the tool on the bolt and apply pressure like you are wanting to tighten the boltif it moves a 16th or 8th stop spray with wd and apply loosening pressure turning the bolt that 16th turn.. spray again and rock back and forth on the bolt spraying a bit at each end.... good luckapply  liquid wrench let sit about 20 to 30 min than apply heat as you gently tap all sides of the bolt and try to remove shortly after heatingWD-40 is just a lubricant. Try Liquid Wrench or another penetrant. Also, tap on the head of the bolt between applications of fluid. Try to tighten it; sometimes that helps to get it moving. Give the penetrant time to work. If nothing else works, you may have to drill it out. First center punch the exact center of the head. Drill progressively larger holes until most of the body is gone. That may collapse the body enough to where you can finally wrench it out.i personally am a mechanic myself and what i would recommend is this stuff you can buy called "pb blaster" yo ucan get it at partsstores nationwide .... if that doesn't work, then call me crazy if you want, but pour some coke on it a few times and let it sit for a while (yes i mean coke, like coca-cola) .... the acid in it will eat thru the rust.Do I hear a third...wd-40Cola "supposedly works" but from experince wd-40 is pretty good, soak it on it for a while then come back apply more then try and loosentry useing cooking grease or like a apple peel's juice.. a fruit should do the job with a little bit of cooking greaseWD40, then hit it with a hammer head on to loosen rust particles.  That doesn't work, drill it out, buy a new shiny one.coca-cola. trustwd-40cut off and replace?go buy pb penetrating catalys and get a power wrench and socket that fits the nut but if u dont have a compresser it wont work that is all i now how to do because i was taking apart a z71 with my dadif you can't find or don't have any of those synthetic solutions, you can always use oil. pour a little on the bolt then give it some time to seep in.Any penatrating fluid (WD40 is one).  You can also heat it and shock it (hit spanner with hammer to break rust seal).  You can also try tightening it slightly before you untighten.. . If it is the nut that is stuck then you can buy a nut splitter that will take it off easy (it cuts the nut).. . Suggest you try WD40 over a period of a few hours first.. . . Good luckIf soaking with WD-40 (or similar) then it's time for the ole 'cut & drill' method.. Buy a time-sert or heli-coil and your off.olive oilyup, second vote for wd-40Try a set of Metrinch tools. They work on nuts and bolts that are very difficult to remove. . . I've had great success with these tools on both stripped, damaged and rusted nuts and bolts. . . http://www.mitools.com/. http://www.metrinch-tools.com/. . Sear's Craftsman sells a similar tool called the bolt-out. I've never tried these, but they are based on a similar principle.. http://www.sears.com/sr/javasr/product.do?BV_SessionID=@@@@0243475613.1144682662@@@@&BV_EngineID=ccfladdhhjfekdmcegecegjdghldgfk.0&vertical=SEARS&sid=I0033900150001800085&pid=00952162000Patience!  Slowly and carefully!. . - I perfer liquid wrench over wd-40 to help weaken the rust.  This may take several applications with time to soak in between.  . . - Ensure you have the proper sized five point wrench or socket.  The last thing you want to do is round off the points of the bolt. . . - The largest size drive you can use will handle more torque, e.g a 1/2" will allow more torque than a 3/8" drive socket set.  . . - Use a breakover bar not a rachet if you can. The longer the handle the more torque.  . . - Put a pipe as far down on the breaeover bar as you can to extend the length.. . - Sometimes sharp raps (with a rubber hammer) will be enough to break that rust connection.. . - If all else fails, bite the bullet and have it drilled out.. . Patience and good luck.
Annual Percentage Rate.  The APR is the actual yearly interest rate paid by the borrower, figuring in the points charged to initiate the loan and other costs. The APR discloses the real cost of borrowing by adding on the points and by factoring in the assumption that the points will be paid off incrementally over the term of the loan. The APR is usually about 0.5 percent higher than the note rateannual percentage rate
Does it have a carb?  I had a 84 & the choke kept sticking on it.  Otherwise, I'd guess you've got some vaccum lines that have dry rotted and need to be replaced.  But no matter what, don't buy a chevy.trade it in 4 a chevy
My friend, you are going to need a manual for that.There are torque spec's as well as sequence information in there.........I wouldn't use information from "yahoo answers" on something as precise as that. GET THE BOOK...YOU"LL BE GLAD YOU DID...HAPPY WRENCHING!!!!with a feeler guage tighten the to the book specks. Yes they should be slightly movable by hand. I think it is .017. but look it up.You back off on the nut until you hear a tapping sound. Therafter, you tighten up slowly until you hear it stop. Then, make a 1 +1/4 tightening turn to secure its position.. Repeat for all the others. . . To be more accurate, you can buy a chevy engine maintanence manual for the year model of your engine from a qualified automotive dealer.With the valve closed tighten the nut until the rocker is touching the valve stem then go another 1/4 turn. U will have to rotate the engine over by hand or use a starter button to rotate the engine over take your time do one valve at a time.I tighten them till they aren't loose then one more turnwith that particular valve closed, while spinning the push rod, tighten the nut til you cant spin the pushrod and then go another 1/4 turn.
first of all... its not something that "you" could do... it would require a new steering wheel, new dash... it would cost more than it would be worth to do... I would not do it... you will have to find a auto customizing shop in your area to do it... not auto techs will not.It can't be done.  Airbag systems are designed into a vehicle, not added on.  It is not possible to retro-fit airbags onto a vehicle that was manufacctured without them.Wal Mart has those blow up arm bands for kiddies and you can use double sided tape to stick them on the inside of your G5.Cut out the steering wheel and put in a giant bag. ;)
It's the kind of steering wheel that moves in and out, as well as up and down.  It was popular on Cadillacs.one that electronically comes straight out instead of tilting like most vehicles steering wheels
go to auto zone or advance autos, and buy yourself a chiltons auto repair manual. and a whole of tools most people usually dont have. a cherry picker to pull the engine out. if you have no knowlege. i would suggest having it done by someone who does.not recommend for novicestake a class on engine rebuilding. there is really too much to explain here.
For a motorcycle, start with 32:1. If you foul plugs at that ratio, you can thin it to 40:1Ratios can range from 100:1 to 32:1 or more. As the first number gets smaller, its more oil... Most weeders use 50:1 to 40:1.... in any case, I'd just use 40:1, its a tiny bit more oil, since they are oiled through the gas... When buying a 2 stroke oil, don't buy cheap....., buy a certified for air cooled 2 cycle oil for a air cooled engine..... synthetic 2 stroke oils are the best you can buy for em.There are lots of ratios for gas/oil.  Use what your brand of bike calls for.  Most are 20:1 or 32:1.  That is 20 parts gas to 1 part oil.
thats better than FL laws...FL is a no fault state which means its no one's fault. if someone rams you in the rear the other person's insurance can fight you and you wind up paying your own insurance deductible rather than the other party paying it. tell me thats not ignorantthe government lets them get away with it. Companies are greedy and will steal as much money as possible
That is a question that has now answer. I file that one under the same category as where the other sock goes in the dryer.I choose to avoid the slow lane whenever possible, because I don't want to deal with merging traffic.. . I can't address the fast lane issue...I only get in that lane to pass the idiots who can't manage to do the speed limit.Becuase the idiots dont know how to drive
If you want to save your self $40 for the mechanic to tell you whats wrong go to Advance Auto Parts or NAPA or Auto Zone and borrow their OBD II computer and hook it up to your cars computer reader under the steering wheel and it will give you a code. Take the computer back into the store and they can de-code it and tell you want is wrong for free.  Most likely i would guess you need a new O2 sensor. Nothing major to replace you will just get poor gas mileage if its your O2 sensor.service. it doesn't light up to show anything else..your cars computer has an error code. this means that something needs attention on your car. Any decent car shop can  read your car's error code and can then correct the problem. then the check engine light should turn off if they clear the code and fix it.  but you should take it somewhere so they can see what code is making the check engine light come on.. you can do this yourself but you would need an obd2 diagnostics tool and knowledge of what the codes mean.UUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM. hi your avatar is cutego to a mechanicall depends if it is the sensor or its really something wrong with the engine, try to disconnect the electrical cable from the battery and reconnect again and check if the signal when offi shot out mine with a 25 automatic...bad idea... major hot water with the wifeThe check engine light is part of the emission control system required on all cars beginning in 1996 as a means of reducing pollutants released into the air.  Generally, if the light comes on and the car seems to be running fine, it means that a sensor has gone bad or that the emissions are out of the suggested range.  This almost always means that, while the light is on, that your car is producing more pollutants that is normally does.  The best option is to take it into a repair place, get the OBD-II code read to diagnose the problem, and have it repaired.The car is OBD 2 or 1 (on board diagnostics) then what i do is go to my local autozone and rent an OBD checker, they can probably show you but you normally plug it into a connecter under the dash or hood. The checker tells you whats wrong, and then you can delete the 'problem' code. Again make sure to confirm this with the employees, as i am not sure if it is obd 2 or 1 (different readers for each)Check the oil levels first, if it's low fill it to the level on the dipstick, do not overfill.take it to a repair shop - check engine usually means something is wrong with the car.
yes, it's still a moving violationNot necessarily.. You can contest the ticket and ask for a 'continuance for dismissal' which means the ticket goes into a holding pattern and if you don't get another ticket in the same jurisdiction within a year, the original ticket goes away.. . And, in my state if you are ticketed going under 9 miles per hour over the speed limit it can't count against you anyway.. . More and more, credit score is driving insurance rates, not actual driving records, since driving records are becoming more and more inaccurate.yes, the evil insurance companies are looking for any excuse to jack up that rate. they might give u the first one for free after that its going upYes, a motor vehicle is a motor vehicle and the ticket is against the driver, but it depends on what kind of ticket you get.  For example if it is just a very slight speeding ticket it may or may not affect your car insurance, unless you have had a lot and this might be the straw that breaks the camels back.  If it is for reckless driving or driving while intoxicated it is definitely going to affect your car insurance!. . Hope this helps!The citation is against you, as the licensed driver, so it matters not, what vehicle you are driving. To the best of my knowledge, this is the case in all states.Well I can tell that most of these people don't ride, lol.  Actually it all depends on your insurance company.  If you have a separate policy for your bike, then it will only affect the rates for your motorcycle policy.  If you have tickets on both policies (car and bike) the company can choose to raise your rates on both policies.  . . Tip:  Don't get caught! LOL  Good luck.  Any other questions, just ask your agent.
I am not sure if this applies to what you are talking about but usually when I hear people speaking about mapping in regards to sportbikes is Fuel mapping on Fuel injected motorcycles. Based upong the revs of your engine, the gear your are in and other variables the bikes onboard computer will deliver a pre-set amount of fuel and air to the engine. SOme computers can be re-mapped to get a better performance characteristic. Some people will purchase a unit from DynoJet which goes inline and intercepts signals from the ignition module and changes the signals.this will help you     http://www2.warwick.ac.uk/fac/sci/statistics/staff/academic/lawrance/personal/enginema/
make sure you select the region FIRST then go to post (somewhere near top left ?)https://post.craigslist.org/bosgo to craigs list. go to the section where you want to place your add in etc:community or services. then click on post an add
check rear brakes make sure they are oksounds too me like the kind of material that the pads are made out of. or it could just be the maker of the pad
For next year it looks like the LS 600h from Lexus. With 430hp and AWD it'll redefine what a hybrid is all about. As for a more mainstream hybrid, I like the Accord hybridI don't know witch hybrid cars there are on the market in America but in Europe Lexus is coming with a lott of hybrid cars. Toyota is good....toyota prius because has good gas mileage and its safety rating is high and its toyota which is a leading car brandFirst of all... get serious... what the hell are you thinking buying a hybrid car. Go with a good old american gas guzzler. The more power the better!! Forget the environment... you'll only be around for a few years any ways... have some fun with a little horse power under the hood.
Get an attorney.  He can probably plead you down to "making an unsafe start".Take it to court more than likely the cop wont show up and if he does just tell the judge the same thing you said here and he will probably drop it to a lesser charge or just drop it completely. If the cop doesn't show up then it will be dropped no matter what. You gotta remember most cops don't have time to sit in court of course if you live in a small town then you might be screwed. Don't get an attorney not for something this small.the tire spinning would have done it, this is somthing you can defently get out off. just set up a cort date,Flee to MexicoYou can't get out of paying but i know how to keep it off your record so your insurance won't go up. when you find out how much the ticket is send them the payment plus like 5 or 10 dollars and the finance dep will have to send you your 5 or 10 dollars back via check. take the check and throw it away because until you cash the check they can't put the offense on your record until the fine is settled and all transactions are complete.I don't recommend this as it is illegal and if you do so i will not be held responsible.
UUUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHHH?????????????You can get a credit number by applying for a credit card. After they send you one,if you look at the front of your card,you will see a 12 digit number that is your credit card number.. A zipcode is a number that is assigned to your street block it usually comes after your address.It is a way to determine what part of town you live in.. You can download movies off the internet and burn them on dvds.This is against the law so I wouldn't recommend this.I am sure if you google you will find some sites where you can do this but you probably will have to pay.i don't noe how 2 get credit card number and movie blah blah blah.. . Zip code is which block u r livin' in.i don't noe about other countries but i noe singapore's.the zipcode first two nos.is 75.4 example u r livin' in blk 435B in sg.zipcode is 752435.A is 1 B is 2 so on if don't haf letters, that means o. the last three numbers r the block nos.
rubbing alcohol mix with small amount of ammonia   1 cup alc. 5 tbs of amon.1 cup warm water in a spray bottle shake up and it will take off the armor all..  sorry about your wife  hope she is o.k.straight ammonia works great, no need for special concoctionsI agree with Webmaster. I suppose that the "someone" is in trouble with your wife. I know the feeling, I armor-alled the passenger seat on my motorcycle. My wife almost slid off on a corner. She was mad at me for awhile and reminds me about it every so often, and it happened three years ago.Hit it with some 409, or another all purpose cleaner.
It might have something to do with emissions.  California has very strict emission regulations.. The upside to the California model is that it is more environmentally friendly, the downside is loss of horsepower.California model has a tube from the exhaust back into the airbox. Supposed to cut emissions.
its to do with keeping you orientated. so if u crash u know whats happening and which way outCause if the take off is unsuccessful....you can see where you're gonna hit.Because some people like to see the ground when it is rushing up at you.So that, in case the aircraft crashes, rescuers can look in and see if anyone is in that seat.
Well....hook up the amp to the battery and head unit using the proper wires, wire the subs to the amp using the proper wiring, then set the subs (should put them in a enclosed or ported box depending on what's recommended) then have the subs facing to the back (back of box is facing the front). I did that with mine (two 10 inch subs in single ported box) and they sound and feel awesome.well if you want better sound most of that is right but you will get better overall sound quality and a tight puch if you go with a sealed box. been doing that cince first install and all of the ported or bandpass boxes i blow apart or sound like yeah! i think you know where i'm going with this. just seal it. it will do more for you.
Yes,we spend all our gas money on getting to and from work .We can do little else.that is too damn much ...u r prob right. people like to save now and spend it on gas.. besides the economy is going downwards.They are empty because everyone thinks this will pass and is conserving. The real problem hasn't struck yet. The cost of fuel is going up and will not come down very much after reaching its peek. Many predict that peek to be around $4.00 to $4.50 a gallon. The cost of transportation and manufacturing is going up as well. The cost at the markets and stores are going to go up to make the difference less effecting to the retailer.  Stock up while you can.What's the price of a gal of gas there? I thought Bush gave you some break there!Perhaps consumerism just isn't doing it for the masses any longer. Hope reigns!Some people are waiting for their income tax refund; I am. :-)Online shopping may be another reason besides what you mentioned.They are all at a party, and no one was supposed to tell you, aww crap, never mind, yeh, it's gas.cause people are broke cause they're having to put all their money into their gas tanks.dude, you didn't hear? there's a life theatening energy crisis in your town. every body packed up and left with the last of dallas' gas.
Check out carfaxIf you know any cool insurance agents you can take that vin and have them run a CLUE report.  It'll tell everything that ever happened with the VIN including the person who currently owns the vehicle.  That'll get you the most specific information.  Good luck.you would probably be better of calling up a licensing department and telling them that u have the VIN number and you would like to know who it is registered toAsk your auto insurance agent --they may be able to accomodate your request with their system
The food is prepared ahead of time en masse by contractors, with the servings preloaded adn sealed into trays and is loaded onto the airplane on the ground.. . When it is meal time (if you are lucky enough to still have thsi service on your airline) teh food is reheated, loaded into the carts adn served.. . Slowly, very slowly as someone said.Generally they start in the front and work their way back...Slowly.....very slowthe flight attendants
I think that anyone who would post this question under Car Audio is is misguided.. . Fetuses might be cute, but resemble a human much like an acorn resembles an oak tree.  Republicans have nothing to do with this except as a political party, they are attempting to capture votes with this as a issue.It's not a matter of which party you belong to. Individual people have individual beliefs about abortion. Some people don't believe a fetus is human until it's born. I couldn't have an abortion myself, but I know other people think differently. I don't understand why some of these anti-abortionists also support the death penalty or why they support killing people in other countries. That's where I have my problem.because abortion is evil. Oh i'm a democrat by the way.Again...you are showing signs of not having been loved...its not that we just stick up for them, we protect them.  we believe that they are a human life and that in abortion, it is killing a human life.  practically, that is murder/killing and that is against the law. yet, nobody is doing anything to stop abortion except for us republicans.because a fetus is an innocent human being they have not done anything to harm anybody unlike people waring against us and muderers on death rowWhats is a republican?Not just Republicans, all good people do.Every fetus is a potential soldier in the ongoing Iraq war.Republicans are anti-abortion, and pro death penalty its simple- Save 'em when they're young, kill 'em when they're older...
I always buy cars with a history (private party) cars are the best.  Every used car I owned, I bought from original owners or 2nd owners with papers back to day one.  If someone cares enough to save all that information, they usually take care of their cars.  Dealers usually throw that stuff away for security purposes, so you can not get the history.  I would rather buy a car with 150,000 miles with maintenance history that the same car with 50,000 miles with none.  Good LuckAnytime you buy a used car it's a risk.  I can't say what would be the best to buy, be it brand A or brand B.  However, don't go into this without having someone you know that knows cars pretty well, look at the car first.I have no idea, sorry to waste your time, I just had to tell ya I loved the way you put that.. It was so polite and sweet... secondhand, it sounds so much better than used... sorry i liked it.. i'll go now!make sure it never had accident ,the kilometer less use ,usually expencive branded car..good luckIf you are in the UK, the AA have a service that they carry out a full check on the car for you before you buy it. i think it includes service history, MOT, TAX, previous owners ETC.When viewing the car, always do it in daylight and take someone with you who really knows about cars. Take a long test drive on different road surfaces. DO NOT meet the seller at a location suggested by him unless it is his own address or his dealership. Get a credit history check done, its called an HPI check in the UK. This will ensure that the car has not been sold with outstanding finance on it. If it has and you buy it, you lose your money as the car still belongs to the finance company.ask yourself!  then visit.Give importance to upholstery, repair cost of that is more comparing to engine etc. repair.Brand depends upon utility factor.
they are above average although nothing like a volvo and they arent inventing new technologies for saftey like mercedes is but they are better than most since they are a luxary brandLike alot of german constructed cars, they are equipped with outstanding safety features.  I drive an x5 and have never felt safer in a vehicle. I have owned many different models of higher priced automobiles throughout the years and have found bmw's to be the most driver friendly in comparison!it all depends on your style of driving rather than the car itself. Most of their models have very powerful engines and they are rear wheel drive vehicles, both facts make them require attention when driving on tight curves and slippery / wet surfaces.. . As far as passenger safety from impacts is regarded, modern models have a high safety rating than older models like the 2002 or the early 318 series.The old BMWs, up to 1995 were really not safe in terms of control and handling, especially the BMW 7 series E23 and E32 which were equipped with V8 engines and even v12 but without stability control systems! I once owned a BMW 745i E23 model year 1983. It was a  powerful machine and it was the only competitor for the Mercedes 500 SEL at that time but the rear wheels used to burn rubber all the time and spin left and right! You must be a skilled driver to handle such beasts!look here http://www.safecarguide.com/mak/bmw/bmw.htmthere okmost are ***** 5 star safety euroncap testing, so very safe, thay are very solid cars (i mean all new ones)Read Consumer Reports. That has all the facts.
on many bikes there is an ignition delay which is for high RPMs, it delays the spark plug from sparking a fraction of a second and increases with higher RPM. This ensures the piston is on the down stroke when you have combustion. If this is the problem you should also hear a "pinging" noise from preigniting.. If you have the pinging noise as well do not ride your bike untill you make repairs for the crank will get damaged..    DaleNot sure about your specific bike, but in general backfiring while decelerating is usually caused by changes in either the exhust system. If the exhust is opened up, like putting a new flow-through muffler on, then the gas mixture is actually sucked into the exhust and detonated there on deceleration.. . If not, then either the combustion chamber is fouled, may need to clean/replace your plugs. Or if your running 125 two-stroke, you may have to much oil in the fuel mixture and its built up too much carbon in the exhust, again detonating unburnt gas.sounds like your timing is out of whack, and possibly worn rings.you may need to change your exhaustexaust leak and possibly out of time a couple of degres
Ha.You've been mistaken. Not all Europeans: in Europe mainly England is left-sided. (There are also several non-English countries, e.g. Cyprus). But most of the Europe countries drive as normal people :-)just the englishThey only do that in the UK...the rest of Europe is "normal" like the USSo they won't hit us americans driving on the right side.To begin with writing "europeans" is like writing "asians". ITS A BIG PART OF THE WORLD, NOT A COUNTRY!!! Besides:  "They only do that in the UK...the rest of Europe is "normal" like the US" is correct. . // A EuropeanThe cars are built differently.This goes back to feudal times when most travelers on the road would wear swords on their left side. Since most people were right handed this allowed them to draw their sword against an opponent that was coming towards them on the right side. Also most people mounted their horse from the left side since their swords hung from their left hip and it's easier to mount from the side of the road rather than the middle.Actually they drive on the correct side of the road.  When the immigrants first came to the US, they hated where they came from so much, that they decided to change that also!  We're the only ones that drive on the right.
The slave cylinder on that vehicle is inside of the transmission bell housing and slides over the input shaft. The transmission has to be removed to replace it. I always replaced it when I did the clutch since the transmission is already out and the extra cost of the part is worth not having to remove the transmission later.The best thing u can do is try to get a manual on the 1992 ford explorer if u are experienced in motor vechile mechanics... if u aint then i would advise that u leave ur vechile well alone as u can do more damage than enough which means that u will have to fork out more money... if u feel that the auto centre that u brought it to is charging too much then shop around and get prices and make sure who u bring it to is fully qualified to sort the problem.. i done mechanics and know how easy it is to cause unnoticeable damage to any vechile.... the slave cylinder is part of the clutch... there is full clutch kits that u can buy if that is a help, otherwise i cant help anymore as i have never worked on a ford explorer. hope this helps. God blesssounds legit.   your slave cylinder is what disengages the clutch when you mash the pedal.  if it's leaking it needs to be replaced.  or if it makes noise when you let off of the pedal it's going bad.  It would be hard to prove, but what if they damaged it when they replaced your clutch?Yes the slave is on the inside of the transmission. This really sucks because they should have tried to up sell it to you when they were doing the clutch but if they did and you said no then this is why it gets recommended when doing a clutch so that you can save some money. Sorry to say this but you are going to have to pay all that labor once again?
you freeze it first, (put ice on it) then hammer it off.PBworks good but zippo fluid will work on nasty partsice ice baby.... . sorry i could'nt resist it. using ice get harden the gum, so that you can scrap it out. it less messier than using peanut butter or oil.try peanut butter it works removing gum from hair!(oil in peanut butter renders gum unsticky  peanut butter can then be removed with damp cloth.gumI once saw someone rub ice on gum that had gotten stuck on the carpeted floor of her car and it seemed to work.
CAI,highflow catback,new plugs and wires,new oil,fuel,air and tranny filter and fluids, proper tire spec and pressure.The cheapest way would be to clean out the mass airflow sensor. Grab some q-tips and some alcohol, open up the sensor and carefully clean it.larger throttle body and all the basics of intake exhaust, if you want to spend some money i woul suggest supercharging it.
it would be imported as a grey market vehicle. with new laws in certain states you may not be able to but depends on where you are and if smog laws apply to bikes there. in california it might be close to impossible since some high cc new bikes have smog regs too now.first thing you'll need is a international drivers license.
It depends what color is blinking at you.  Many times red will be blinking one way and the intersecting road will have yellow blinking, it's not always 4-way red.  But if it is blinking red, that's the same as a stop sign.Run it and gun it!stop then wait for your turn and proceed with cautionThis is the law, and just plain common sense; stop, look all ways and proceed when safe.you are supposed to pretend there are stop sign there.  So it would be a four way stop.if it's red it's a four way stop. pretend they have stop signs up. if it's yellow just proceed with caution.
flexible-fuel vehicle or dual-fuel vehicle is an automobile that can typically alternate between two sources of fuel. A common example is a vehicle that can accept gasoline mixed with varying levels of ethanol (gasohol). Some cars carry a natural gas tank and one can switch from gasoline to gas.A Flex-fuel car is a car that can usually run on two kinds of fuel. The most common one is E85 Ethanol. These tyoes of cars have an advantage because ethanol is made from corn, sugar, anumal wastes, or other things. That means it's renewable. Otherwise, there's nothing much better about it. It's more expensive, you can't really find it too often, and it's as polluting as gasoline.flex fuel is what GM is calling its cars that can run on 85 octane ethanol.....problem is that there are not a lot of gas stations selling that fuel yet...or perhaps, ever.Flex fuel vehicles, which can run on E-85 fuel as well as regular gasoline are not much different than a normal car other than a few different parts to withstand the additional alcohol level in the fuel.  They are good because they can use E-85, but since they are designed to burn both kinds of fuel, they don't burn it as efficiently as they could, and don't get as good of milage.  A car designed specifically for E-85 (higher compression) will get better milage and have good power, but can't run regular gas without some kind of additional octane booster.
You can't get out of the agreement unless the loan is refinanced by the buyer.  If the buyer doesn't pay on time, your credit could be ruined.....)(By paying off the loan. Sorry, but that's reality.The buyer would have to refiance the car through the current lender or someone elseNot a thing unless the person you co signed for is willing to get refinanced at (most likely) a much higher interest rate!you can't.  It is the same as if you bought the car.  I guess you could get out of it by paying it off.I wouldnt know but a great idea is to use bio-performance, it's a product design by scientist that not everyone knows about.. this product is to be added in the fuel tank it will clean the useless dirty thick oily gas in the motor. see what it does it cleans it so the motor will not have to burn more gas, in example a bike needs oil to be added on the chains to peddle smoother... this product has saved everyone i've know using it over 40 percent of the gas a car regularly burns, and it would prevent less polution.. for information email me at lopezjay63@yahoo.com . . at the moment i am not at my computer for the info. but i am not lying about this offer. you need 2 pills per 8 gallons 2 pills cost 5 dollars, and does not harm your car/motorcycle/truck/bus or what ever gas burning motor your using, they are so coffident that they will replace your motor at no cost. and they are licensedYOU CAN SELL THE CAR!!! BUT THE ONE WAY YOU CAN GET OUT OF IT IS IF THEY HAVE GOOD ENOUGH CREDIT (WHICH I DOUBT CUZ YOU WANT OFF OF IT) OR IF THEY HAVE HAD IT FOR A WHILE AND BEEN GOOD ON PAYMENTS THEN THE LOAN HOLDER WOULD MAKE THEM THE PRIMARY HOLDER AND TAKE YOUR NAME OFF BUT THEY REALLY HAVE TO HAVE A GOOD STANDING WITH THE BANK OR UR SCREWED!THEN IT WILL GET REPOED AND WILL GO ON YOUR CREDIT AND HURT U ALOT MORE THEN THEM CUZ I'M ASSUMING U R THE PRIMARY HOLDER OF THE LOAN
When cars first came on the roads, the horse and buggy was the main means of transportation. Because automobiles were so new, most people didn't like those noisy contraptions and they spooked the horses that ruled the roads.If an automobile had to overtake a horse and buggy,they had to warn the buggy driver well in advance so a horn was fitted to do that.so they could make people look at them. as not many cars about. showing off reallyTo warn people to get out of the way when your driving through a red light at 110 MPHthey put horns on cars so u can blow the horn at people who are driving to slow, want get out of the way...
some check engine lights can be trurned off by holding the trip odometer pin in while you turn on the ignition.  Hold it until the light goes off, maybe 30 seconds.  If that doesn't work, you can disconnect the battery, leave it unconnected for a minute, then reconnect.  Both worth a shot.  Worse case scenario, take it to a mechanic and let them do it.Go into an Autozone, they will turn it off for free.. . If there are error codes stored, they will let you know what they are too. If the problem still exists, your light will turn on again shortly after leaving the parking lot. If that's the case then you need to fix the problem to keep the check engine light permanently off.Have the dealer re-set it next time u go in for an oil changeIt means you have a problem, get it checked out at a repair garage. If you dont care... carefully remove the dash panel and take out the bulb.no way to turn it off if there is a current problem. if its an intermittant thing, it might go away after a while. most garages wont just clear a check engine light because it didnt come on for no reason, they will want to fix the cause of the problem. you can take it to autozone and they can tell you what the problem is and they might clear it but it will probably come back on. only easy thing to do is to check they gas cap and make sure its on tight, a loose cap can cause the light to come on.
So when you drive by you can advertise from all four streets.  It is a great tool in the business world.accessAll the above answers are correct but wouldn't that be the case for every other business? A Bakery, Barber, Dry Cleaner would all benefit from being on a corner lot. Bottom line is, the large oil companies have the money to pay for the best lots. The best/most expensive lots for a business is a corner. Think about it. Who owns 90% of the corner lots in any given city? Gas Station, Banks, Fast food Chains, and Chain restaurants. . . As in many questions concerning business, ya only have to follow the money.access.. they want your dollars.to get custom from as many directions as possible.They aren't always but I think it has to do with flow of traffic.  Easier for cars to go in and out.Everyone so far has hit the nail on the head re: access and advertising, but also, think of this: a gas station is a smelly (and potentially dangerous) business to work/live next to. Urban planners tend to locate gas stations on corners and away from residential areas because not a lot of people want to live next to them, and it's also for better fire truck access if the worst ever happens. . . - M.Business decision. You have access from two different streets that way, instead of just one access.to maximize the enter/exit area.   If you think of a gas station as a square - put it on a corner and 2 sides are available for entering and exiting reducing probability for an accident...and increasing the possibility of a sale.because if you have gas it is good to go off in a corner
Last time I checked there were far (thousands) less accidents involving trains that autos making trains the safest mode of transportation... Obviously hitting a trespasser or auto doesn't count because its out of the railroads control. It is a controlled environment - you're not suddenly stopping, and chances of hitting something of equal mass are nil, and there's no windshield for you to go flying through..Trains do not give up the tracks during turbulant weather.Because they are in what they like to call a controlled environment. They control the train by the rails so there for ther is not a need for seat beltsbecause people who ride trains can't afford to file lawsuitsBECASE IF SOME THING IS ON THE TRACKS IT WILL GO RIGHT THOUGH IT YOU CANT STOP ITBecause then the police wouldn't be able to give each passenger a ticket for not wearing their seatbelts, and rob them blind. So, seatbelts are useless on trains and busses because they don't generate a profit for our corrupt government.Not required. Manufacturers do not install them to be thoughtful of you, they do it when they are REQUIRED to, like on autos.. . Put yourself in their place. Would YOU spend MILLIONS of dallars installing something that's not required to help people who think they should get everything free?. I don't think so....Because it costs too much money to install them compared to how many lives they believe they would save if they were there. Sounds crazy but that's the way it isBecause it's a more efficient way to mass murder people??? No seriously though, it's not practical, it would be far too costly, be prone to constant vandalism and trains are allowed to have standing passengers, what are the people who can't get a seat supposed to do?Too expensive, most people feel they are unneeded, and they prevent getting on and off quickly.
Is this a racial question?Black noise? Ive never known noise to have color other than what they call white noise....What do you mean by Black Noise?. . Oil it.
There are on site inspection businesses that will meet you at the dealership and inspect the car for you.You often have to leave a photocopy of your drivers' license in case you run off with the car. But you get the inspection, and you pay for it.
two screws on the side two more at the bottom . once you have the d changer out 4 screws on the side  once unit is open under the cd mgazine there is a black plastic clip with a spring take a small screw driver and move it to the side the cd magazine will eject. after that  move the white plastic gear with your hand until the disc tray opens and you can tae the stuck disc out  e-mail me if you need more helpCheck out crutchfield.com for detailed installation instructions. If you buy from them you get everything you need to replace CD.
The forecastle was the 'fort' built up over the bow of the ship from which arrows and spears could be cast onto the enemy.  Most, if not all, had crenelated walls, hence the name - forward castle or forecastle.  It's pronounced 'folk sill"Forecastle, a high point in ancient ships used to fire down upon the enemy.
Go to your local motorcycle dealer and ask about learn-to-ride classes. Alot of dealers (esp Honda) do this.Search Yahoo Answers in this category for the tons of answers already given to this question.. *******. Listen to AceZX7.  I was just cranky.. . Knowing how to operate a clutch is a big help, but if you don't, it's not a show stopper.  The key is the MSF course.  You'll learn all you need to know there.hop on one, start out slow and work your way up.First off, if youre gonna be a motorcyclist, you need to know - you never DRIVE a motorcycle. YOU RIDE ON.. . With that out of the way, the best thing you can do is learn to drive a manual transmission car. Once you know how to do that, figuring out how a bike operates is easy. Then, enroll in an MSF Course (Motorcycle Safety Foundation). They can teach you for like $80, on THEIR bikes, so you can drop it all day long! . . Good luck. Stay safe, and ALWAYS wear protective riding gear.from a friendI'm guessing you've ridden a bicycle before, so you at least have the basic balance thing down. Do what I did, go and get a cheap motorcycle, $500 or so, nothing too powerful. And go to a big parking lot, or dead end street and hop on and take your time learning. Don't get discouraged, I almost took out a couple of mailboxes the first time I got on, now I've been riding 2.5 years and I am very comfortable on them, and even felt comfortable enough to buy a new one.Many community colleges offer courses for cheap. Also if you can drive a stick, it's easier to learn to ride a bike because you already understand how the gears work.girl, it take years to learn how to ride a bike so i suggest you stop thinking about it if you don't no nobody about a motorcycle.My best suggestion is to take a class.  They will usually supply lower power, easy to handle bikes, require little to NO riding experience, and you get 15% off of your motorcycle insurance when you pass.  I took a class to learn to ride, and I'm glad that I did.  Good luck!Yes, a class is great.  I agree with everyone else.  CHP offers classes (for California, anyway).. . But know this, falling off a bike hurts and you WILL fall.  Everyone falls (including me).  Hopefully, it won't be at high speeds.  It's not a question of IF you'll fall, it's WHEN.  Be fearful of the asphalt... it's hell.  A fall at 30mph gives great road rash.  Practice, practice, practice.  Don't be in a rush to get anywhere.  Don't worry about how you look when on your bike, just concentrate on riding well.  And DEFINITELY wear protective gear (full face helmet, jacket, gloves, ankle covering boots/shoes).. . Hopefully, I've given you a dose of reality.  I love riding.  I'll ride forever.  . . Remember one other thing: most people drop their bikes at low speeds during u-turns or in parking lots.  Master the low speeds first when no cars are around, then start driving around town.  Sometimes in town riding is more dangerous than the freeway.. . Safety first.
'SIX POSTER' sounds like a heavy duty vehicle hoist(buses & trucks) or the six posts that support the roof on a sedan. Station wagons have 8 posts,    but in the trade they are referred to as pillars not posts and are not counted in numbers but by letters. EG; front(windscreen) pillars are 'A' pillars. next is the pillar between the front and rear doors, this is the 'B' pillar and so on.means nothing to me. where did you hear this?3'posts' on each side from the roof to the body.Maybe you mean, six cell?  that would be battery.  Try to clarify you question.
They are weight limits in thousands of pounds. "10" is a weight limit of 10,000lbs. Most helipads are for private use only but marking them lets pilots now what they can support as emergency landing pads for helos that don't normally land there.No more then 12 illegals may be dropped off per landing?!
Stop buying gas.build more refineries ,drill off florida and california coast. conserve gas by planning your trips,buy hybrid vehicles. stop trying to impress your friends with giant gas guzzling Suv's. keep car tuned up, correct air pressure in tires.Take over a country with lots of oil.Boycott gas. Don't Drive. Join Carpool. Take Public Transportation. Buy a Hybrid Car. Walk. You name it.cancel vaction trips,i say we should just bike it everywhere.If no one is buyin gas then how can they rise prices. Its a rule in economics, When demand 4 something is low prices will go down.DON'T purchase ANY gasoline from the two biggest companies (which now are one), EXXON and MOBIL. If they are not selling any gas, they will be inclined to reduce their prices. If they reduce their prices, the other companies will have to follow suit.Mimi has it right; carpooling is a huge saver. (You know take turns driving to work with your next door neighbor that drives the same direction as you everyday) Though it can mean having to run errands after you get home often times you can drive in the early evening when there is less traffic which uses less gas and creates less green house. drive during and after sunset to run errands when possibleHave a whole bunch of people "boycot" one brand of gas station. That gas station is then obligated to take prices down to regain customers. Since his prices are lower, he will not only regain the customers he had but also steal many clients from othe brands of gas station. Then pretty soon you'll have a general price cut in gas our any other product for that matter
The Wheelbase. The Caravan has a 113 Inch wheelbase, the Grand Caravan has a 119in Wheelbase. The main difference this makes is that a Grand has room for 7 AND their luggage, while a normal one has room for 7 OR their luggage. I believe you cant get the 2.4-liter 4 cylinder in the Grand Caravan and you cant get the 3.8V6 Engine in the normal Caravan.The grand caravan has two back doors.Its longer, has a thrid row seat and dual sliding doors on the Grand Caravan. It also comes with a 3.3 liter V6..   The Caravan base engine is a 2.4 liter 4 cyl.The same difference between a Sony Wega television and a Sony Grand Wega television.. . One of them is more grandolicious.Grand represents a laonger model, then for extra options they add letter codes such as SE LE representing special edition, limited edition.the caravan has a short wheel base and the grand has the long wheel baseI think one is longer then the other. Two side doors not just one.I think that the grand is better than the normal.It might have extra features.It can go faster.the grand one is bigger and better, just like I should change my name to Grand Relient K.one is grand
It's just an alphabetical model number. Henry Ford started with the Model A and worked through the alphabet. Not all models were produced, some were prototypes that never went onto production (such as Model S). Strangely enough, the original vehicle was a Model A (1903) which was used again after the Model T in 1927 giving two different Model A's!T stands for Taurus. The Model T was the first Taurus!
Some Wal-Mart stores do change oil but I wouldn't ever take my car there again.  I usually change my own oil (It's easy, saves money, and I know it's done right) but I was in a hurry and took my car there.  When I picked it up I looked under the hood and it looks like they spilled oil on top of my engine.  Never again!Some Walmart's do have a place where you can take your car to get it's oil changed, but not all of themI would not let walmart even look at my car.most wal-marts do change oil wiper blades and tires PLEASE be careful using wal-mart for the most part there people are untrained and strip lug nuts oil drain plugs and even forget to put on oil filters please choose wisely!ya the guy on top of me is gay a filters a filter it does the same thing as any other filter regardless of name and i wouldnt take it to walmart mainly because its walmart and they sell items like candy and toys your just going to get a "tech" who jacks up your car and makes you come back or jacks it up so bad you have to take it to a dealership or a mechanic to fixSure, havn't heard many complaints, jumbo's right on fram... they use thin and cheap filtering media, the media is held together with a thin and cheap cardboard endcap, the threads on the filters most of the time still have metal shavings on them, the filter's gaskets sometimes are not in right, and to top it off, they have mostly defective adbv (anti drain back valves) in them. The guy below jumbo in fact knows nothing, when comparing a fram to a wix, the wix has metal endcaps, very strongly glued to the filter media, unlike the fram, the media in the wix is strong and thick and evenly spaced, the drainback valves in most are made from silicone, far better then the nitrile ones, but the nitrile ones wix uses are hardly ever defective, the threads are nice and clean, and outer shell is one of the thickest of all filters, you pay a high price for a cheap crap fram. Bring your own filter and make sure they put it on, they do offer a cheaper bulk oil, Beleive its still re-refined, thats not bad oil, used oil is actually better then what virgin basestocks come from, and is just as good as virgin most of the time, just make sure to specify the weight you want....No, but if you pay them, they will do it.You can buy oil and filters at walmart.  But don't let them touch your car.  Cracked my dad's windshield changing wipers and refused to pay for it.  Stay away from Walmart Service Center.  Get a book and do it yourself.  It is pretty easy and saves time and $$$$.I've done it many times as I have also worked there. Wal-mart does good oil changes for a good price. In the long run however, I would learn to do it yourself.first off, don't go to wal-mart.  They only sell Fram filters, the worst filters in the industry.  Go to any local auto parts store and they will help you with wipers(not like that's a big deal), sell you quality filters, and oil, then take what you have to a local shop(even kal tire can change oil) they will only charge you for labour.walmart is great for an oil change... 18 bucks and if they forget to put the plug in and ruin your moter they will pay for a new one hey I have the reciepts to prove it 96 explorer 4.0liter Wal mart bought a NEW motor and my Ford dealer did the change even though the truck had 103,000 miles...Haha.........I agree with the kid above me.heck ya- I always get my oil changed at Walmart- and depending where you are- they open at 7 AM- they'll even change your wiper blades for youyes you can at supercenters. not all walmarts have oil changes.
Amtrak (NO C) is more reliable and comfortable than a bus... It'll cost a bit, but its worth it.. . Its the only choice due to where you are heading. There's a commuter agency gap south of Providence.You could do Amtrak (www.amtrak.com) or take one of those chinese buses out of South Station (affordable and ok)
i am a mercedes tech and i will tell you that its pretty hard to do because there are 2 bolts that are very hard to get to especially without the perfect tools. i just did one last week... take it in.find a local mercedes mechanic. :)
Get some good high-flow heads and an intake. (Think Trickflow, Holley, Edelbrock....)Hey is your name Shawn if so this is brit call my mom!!!!!!!!!!     I want a mustange bad tho  jk bout calling my momwell first you have to have money if you do then ok you can depending on what year stang you have if fuel injected get bigger injectors if carb get bigger carb bigger exhaust under drive pulley set cold air intake and a better cooling system gasoline engines make more horsepower when they are cool not hot electric fan will save you about 4 horse  also better ignition system remember this  gears and tourque converter anything behind the motor will not gain horse power only mods to the motor will!!!Exhaust and intake could maybe make that much, and both of those and getting a chip/tuner for it if it's that new will do it for sure.  Or you could just trade for a Z-28 which was underrated, and already has about 50 more horses.cold air intake, charger, racing cams and headers, overhaul your exhaustI've answered this twice - once for a V8 powered car, and once for a V6. Check out my answers for the 6 (first) and the V8 (bottom):. . http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AlVsuM_HHbkK6vBoMIRaDkPsy6IX?qid=1006042312582. . http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AlJybGtnkmM6nNoPqMGEsaXsy6IX?qid=1006042904438. . WPYou can modify the computer, or the exhaust system!depends what year it is and what you have already done, if you haven't done anything exhaust and gears help alot a friend had a 1990 coupe we put a b303 cam a h pipe and flowmasters,a different torque converter, and I think 4.11 gears in it and 125 nos and without nos it ran 14.0 with nos 12.20
(third time this week for this question). . What do you get when you cross an elephant and a Rhino?. . 'ell if I knowit is a hour where everyone is in a rush to get somewhere.Nothing is moving as everyone is in the same rush at the same time. Research the side streets and back roads for alternate sources for more expediant travel.everybody's in a rush!!! dont want to late for work!!! i've been fire twice already!!! thats why its rush hourEveryone wants to rush somewhere.  They all rush around until someone gets in an accident and stops the flow.  Rush hour is the one time of day when you can speed around and have some sort of excuse.  Then someone spoils the fun.The reason it's called rush hour, is because everybody is either trying to get to work or get home. With all those people out there it is bound to get conjested.
dissconnect the battery for about 20 mins there honI have the same car as well as year mine is a plain jane (I hate it plain) well I have the book on it. It tells you how to do it. If you dont have the book for it then go to a Auto Store they have them.Not sure exactly, but on most cars there is timing dots on the cam shaft ends that must be aligned. Go to www.allpar.com, the forums can give you answers.you have to make sure all the marks on the crank pully and the camshaft gears are aligned as to the factory specs. a repair manual from the parts store will tell you where they need to be
assuming its the same motor canadian vehicles have stricter emission laws such as california. both canadian and california cars have more emission standards therefore more components or higher output components to pass inspection from factory...The Dodge Neon SXT is a American Model and the Dodge SX 2.0 is a Canadian Model. But there bought cars and run on four wheels.one is made in the US and the other is made in Canada
By going to jail. There is a "black box" sold on the black market. Or you can pull a "Ferris Bueller" and put it on jacks and put it in gear.I'M SURE THE DMV COULD HELP YOU OUT. ASK THEM.why do you want it to go forward?
Most likely the pads but you may need fluid too. This is a dangerous problem. Until you can get them fixed get a ride with somebody else.You need new pads NOW if you wait to long you will need to have you roter resurfaced and that is alot more expensive.Get them checked by a mechanic.cause something is very wrong u must go to the mechanic.there grinding, you at least need new pads, dont wait too long or you'll further damadge your car, right now it will be pretty cheap to fix so see your mechanicyou may just need to add brake fluid. If that does not fix it, take it to a mechanic you trust and find out if it is a leak or the pads.i am a retired mechanic who went to school in Fresno state collage and i know with out a shadow of a doubt that the problem lie.s in your rotor.s or your break pad.s if i was you i would have the rotor.s turned and put a new set of break pad.s onthe car and dont forget to get the  little packit called stop squeak it.s used to stop the squeaking of the breaks as the break pad.s wear down the break.s sometimes will make a squeaking noise and while your at it get a new set of break hardware cause after all you are doing the rotors and the break pads and it is always smart to do the whole thing right the first time and its better then haven to go back and do it all over aghain cause you forgote to do something right the first time and everytime ive done a break job i always do the whole thing that way theres no mistake or any problems with the break system  take care and godbless and i hope this help.s..............YOu may need new brake shoes.YOu can purchase them and put them on yourself or go to your local mechanic and he can do it for you!if they're old, they are worn.. if fairly new, prob dust or readjustments are needed.. good luck hon! oh yea, either way take it to a mechanic....first or all....have a mechanic check your brakes and brake pads. Either your brakes are worn out or your brake pads are worn out.u need new onesYour brakes may or may not be worn.  Some brakes just squeek.  To check just loosen the lug nuts, jack the car up, take the lug nuts the rest of the way off, take the wheel off.  There are a couple bolts on top of the caliper.  Take those off and you can get the pads out and look.
BMW uses a sealed transmission dipstick because the fluid level is very tempremental. Take the car to a BMW dealer because other shops are usually not familar with BMW transmissions.Yeah manual transmission fluid on the E30 is pretty tricky, because the car needs to be raised to access the resevoir. Not knowing your skill level with these types of things I'd also advise you get in contact with a mechanic for this.Take it to a mechanic and leave your credit card.
not really..they just plop onto the spark plug in a hole where you can't see if it's going on or not. Short answer is to pull it and see if you see tearing in the boot, a white deposit on the boot, or burn marks in the hole... But will tell you that those coil packs are famous for missing (numerous people telling me and from experience) and not setting any check engine light for a cylinder so youre forced to a shop like the dealer to find out on their machine what cylinder is misfiring as I know coil packs are $40+ at local autozone per peice but last time it happend to me, wound up changing with one at dealer for almost $100/per OUCHIn the dark turn on the car n see if it sparks
Your Air Conditioner drain might be partially clogged which causes water to remain stagnant in your heating and cooling coil box and mold to grow causing the smell. It's a simple matter to clear the drain tube from underneath the car. A leaking heater core would eventually produce steam and antifreeze smell in the car with obvious leaks on to the rug when the heat was on.Sounds as if your squirrel has died, trade it in!!Check to see if your floorboard is damp, could be the heater core. Or maybe a squirrel did die in there!!!This is actually common.  It is a mold that is growing on your AC vent. Running the heater is a good idea.  . Also try spraying Lysol into the air intake just below your wipers while having the AC fan on low.. It goes away it just takes time.your local auto parts place probably sells a solution or spray that you could use
yes i agree with the other bloke.its really dangerous iv heard its killed a lot of people.If you need to ask how, just don't do it, you can seriously injure yourself if you do it incorrectly.  Better to take it to a professional.Do not attempt to work on any car with an airbag unless you are properly trained, I have personally remove many airbag type steering wheels - these devices are deadly in the wrong hands, and don't think if you disconnect things that it is no longer operative as many are designed with a residual power source or a mechanical activation which will fire the airbag independantly from the car.
there's a lot of variables here but gen 150 to 250 thousand miles but cars are lasting longer and longer these daysDepends how hard you use it and how diligent you are with the maintenance. I have seen a ten year old car that was never well cared for beaten into the ground at 100,000 miles, I owned a 1983 Olds Ciera with 210,000 miles on it, still going strong when I sold it, and I currently own an immaculate 1979 AMC Concord with only 79,000 miles on it that runs like it was new. Take care of your babies!jap 300000 miles, american 150000milesCheap imports a little more than throw away cars, they won't last long.  American and European cars can go for quite a long time IF you take care of them.depends on how it is drove and how well you keep the mataintince up like changing the oil spark plugs  dont drive it hard dont overheat it check the fluids. you keep all of that up to date they will give seveal good years.cars can last for decades it just depends on the upkeep. doing tune-ups on a regular basis checking fluids and brakes can extend the life besides these are things that need to be done regularly besides that when you hear noises if you not familiar with them have them checked out because the longer you let them go the more damage it can do
Dealers are not Ford employees. They purchase the vehicles from Ford to sell at a profit.Because of supply and demand!!ford doesnt...most of these are independent dealers that can do what they like with the price of the car because they've already bought the car....when the camaro came out in the 60s the same things happened then and out of that we got the Yenko camaro
do you have your owners manualThat might be a check engine signal.. . Make sure your gas cap is all the way on.  If it is, you'll have to have it hooked up to a diagnostic.what check sign?  I'm not sure I've seen that.it might just be the arow pointing to what side the fill door for the gas tank is onif u have an intake.. most of them blows the gas sensor..but the good think that it saves u gas but if u dont have one take to your car brand dealership and get it check out. and it mean check engine cuz if u look at the figure around the in like a engine.
Former governor of Illinois, George Ryan allegedly was handing them out to truck drivers for cash. He's on trial for it now.Well... depends on the laws in your country ot state. Basically, it only works with en expired driver's license. If your driver's licence is expired less than 5 years, you may renew your licence without taking any written, vision or road tests. You will be required to complete a driver's licence questionnaire and pay applicable fees for the class of licence you hold.I use to teach drivers ed part time.  You can't get your license without a road test.  You can go to a third party certifier and enroll in their class.  They will provide you with a road test and handle the DOT paperwork.  This is the best way to go because you get to know the instructors and will feel more comfortable during the test than sitting in a car with a stranger and having them evaluate you.  Look in the phone book for 3rd Part Cert's.i don't think that there is anyway that you can get one without a road test. if you had a road test done before and you got your license, then there isn't any need for the  rd test again, just go and get your license at the secretary of state office and they will help you apply for a new one.i dont think you can... unless your 18... i thinkimpossible but funny
A wet road reads darker than a dry road. The tyre sidewalls and the shadow under the car tend to disappear, making the car look lower and sleeker. The contrast also makes the brightwork look brighter, and bold colours tend to 'pop'. Next time you're out on a rainy day, see how brightly-coloured objects stand out, and how much cleaner they look than on a dry, sunny day.They particularly use wet roads especially with front wheel drive cars due to fact it looks tough when they can spin the back end around and keep control of the vehicle.... the only catch is a front wheel drive can't do that on dry pavement and your average driver can't either... that's why they also display words like  "professional driver in contolled environment... do not attempt these stunts" in the commercial to protect from lawsuit.Shiny is pretty.they look more dramaticNot necessarily. It depends on the kind of feature that the car sellers are promoting. If they are promoting a stable car with good ABS and anti skid barking at very high speeds they would prefer showing the same on a wet road just to deliver that added punch to itz audience. Secondly, a dusky and rainy surrounding provides for a very picturesque environment. Imagine that Boxster driving down the highway jumping those water puddles.Because, when the road is wet, the car is less stable , and by seeing a car running without problems on a wet road you're becoming more confident in this car ...and secondly it looks better when the lights are reflected by the road ...Because chevys need wet roads to break the tires loose.
I was not totaly clear with the question, but if I'm not mistaken your asking about the remote for the keyless entry syteme and the buttons working and not working. If this is the case most likely that the contacts are not making well contact so I would take it to a sealer ship and allow them to look. They will tell you whats wrong and not chrage you without permission.Replace the battery.  This is a $3 solution, and if it doesn't work, look further. Apply 'Occum's Razor'- (the simplest solution is probably the best solution).. Good luck.how can it unlock if it wasn't locked in the first place?There is probably dirt in the lock. Go to a computer place and ask for a can of spray dust cleaner to spray in on the lockit could be that your connecting rod that goes on the inside of your door behind the door panel could be bent, has it been wrecked? if it has you can take it back to the bodyshop and they will take a look at it
Your cheapest way out is to go to your exhaust shop and have them take two 6 inch sections of 2.5 inch pipe and put it on the stretcher and stretch one end to go over the pipes and then just clamp them in place.  The other answers are right in saying you will defeat the purpose of the 3 inch exhausts by doing this but it's your car and your choice.  You just won't see any increase in power or performance from your stock exhausts.thats just dumb  why would you get the 3" exhuast and then put a 2.5" tip and make it smaller again?  get a 3" tip.  Oh and 3' would be 3 foot this is 3 inch  = 3"  and camaros suckgo to your auto part store of your choice tell them u need an adapter to go from one size to the otherHmm, are you absolutely sure you want to do this?  You see, if you put 2.5" tips on your 3" pipes, you will be restricting the flow of exhaust and thus losing power.  Think of a garden hose: the smaller the nozzle, the less water flows out.  If this were not so, a garden hose could flow out all of the water in a city water main; obviously impossible.  My recommendation would be to return the 2.5" tips and try to find the same or similar tips in the correct size.  Good Luck!Have you got blisters on your **** yet?  WHY would you want to put smaller tips on your pipes ? look like crap and reduce power.  3" pipes need 3" or bigger tips.
FIREWALL OR FENDER GOOD LOCATIONS LET'S SEE MUSTANG .COM AND A PERFORMANCE SHOP WOULD TELL YA JUST HAVE TO EXTEND YOUR MAIN DISTRIB WIRE AT NAPA . GOOD RODDIN' TO YA AND WAY TO GO WISH I STILL HAD MY NOVA CHEVY 2 WITH A CONVERTYED 327 AN MUNCIE I'D TAKE YA ONwww.brothersperformance.com (Tech Board) www.summitracing.com (Tech line has a phone #). . 87 GT convertible: 347 stroker, 5 speed, 9# Powerdyne super charger, 150 lb shot of NOS. 850+ H.P.. a locomotive is 1000 H.P.. you do the Math ! and hold on, this Pony kicks asss !Get a chiltons manual and work on one thing at a time.and your fuel pump needs to be wired into the ignition wire NOT the constant wire.
Well, you need to remove the upper and lower steering column covers. Take out the tilt wheel lever, and the retaining screws (usually on the bottom cover), and gently pry the covers apart. Once the covers are off, you will be able to access the lock cylinder. Turn the key to the unlock position and push the button on the bottom of the cylinder and it will come out.yeah ok wat shocktrooper said.
Replace it.You can purchase iron on patches if the hole isn't too big....if its big...take it to an industrial seamtress..they can do wonders.. . Good luckduct tape?
It's the state taxes and specialized environmental regulations for Los Angeles and San Diego.  It's not delivery costs because the refineries are in California.Delivery costs.The other night on ABC Evening News, they said there is only 3 refineries there, plus delivery costs as the other person said.Because the refining process is much more expensive.  Also...California is considered to be the most different from the rest of the nation, our ideas are far out, so we must pay the federal goverenment more money to stay in the Union.  The weather also cause Californians to drive more and therefore we consume more gas than other states.  When it's sunny, people just wanna drive their convertibles more.Because of all the tree huggers that has all these regulations that the fuel there must meet.extra fuel taxes and sales tax on those other taxes.. . It's a tax on a tax  HMMMMMBecause it is California!  Everything in CA is expensive.  I live in a county where they refine the oil, there is way it costs that much to deliver it as few as 30 miles away.  They charge what they think they can get and no one is screaming loud enough yet to stop the overcharging.  Look at EXXON ... 8 BILLION profit in 3 months!  That is WRONG!  . . I think we should all boycott the larger oil companies and go to the smaller independent  no name gas stations. Maybe impractical but better than walking and better than giving them a another 8 billion in the next 3 months.. . You might say taxes are to blame or special formulas are to blame ... but if you think about it, when gas was 2.20 a gallon we paid the same tax and used the same formulas as today.  Granted the barrel price is higher, but the high priced crude of today has not reached the refineries yet.  They stick it to you at the pump even when it costs only cents to purchase and refine and deliver gasoline.  . . The big oil execs must think we are all suckers, and maybe we are.Taxes and special formulas.It's called GOUGING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  This is ridiculous, They know we must use our cars to get to work,and without them, there would be no paychecks to buy the food and pay the darned bills, now they figure, those californians can't live without their cars, so we'll gouge them at the gas pumps and become richer than rich..  ridiculous, I spent $20 yesterday, at 3.19 a gallon, it didn't even give me a full ONE HALF TANK of gas, it was just under half full.  That same money use to completely fill the tank!!!!.   Just three days prior, when I filled up, I had just 3/4 full with a $20 at $3.09 a gallon.  THEY RAISED THE PRICE TEN CENTS OVER THREE DAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1   You tell us, why are gas prices high in California..............
And stuff sent by ship is cargo and stuff sent by car is a shipment! lolNow thats a damn good question.Its just just one of those messed up things that the government has, once again, screwed up and mad us scramble our brains over. I really don't get it either other than a driveway was a like a..well...driveway to a house because it was on a drive (another name for a street) and I guess someone got the big idea to call it a driveway. But anyway..I blame George Bush for this one too. lol :P (No apparent reason)LOL! U got that question from crazy english. Richard lederer. here is another one from his book. . When a house burns up, it burns down. You fill in a form by filling it out and an alarm clock goes off by going on.. . When the stars are out, they are visible, but when the lights are out, they are invisible. And why, when I wind up my watch, I start it, but when I wind up this essay, I end it?. . Now I know why I flunked my English. It’s not my fault; the silly language doesn’t quite know whether it’s coming or going.Why does your nose run and your feet smell?The term "Parkway" refers to roads that are large enough to have trees, thereby creating a "Park" effect around them. . . The "Driveway" of homes are named such to relate to the fact that you "drive" in and out of them.
girl...what?  bird?  fish?  cat?with arms wide open.do you mean "how can we catch a girl?"u must had problem chosing the right topic i think your browser or the internet seeting has a problem or may be other problemwho's we?since this question is in the cars/transportation category, I would say with your car :) make sure you pick up all the garbage on the floor first...makes you look like a pigIt's always been true that.... . "The man chases the girl... until she catches him."hopefully with lots of love and affection,, oh a great foot massages,, worship hergirl? umm you dont catch the girl otay either she likes you and stays or you scare her and shes gone..what??you men! or boys i don't know which
Find a good car thief.He will find the code in about 15 seconds and start it for you.i think buying all 15 keys are a bit hectic... what i would suggest is to get onto the net and search for another dealer... then ask them for the code... or go onto gm´s website and write them an email explaining your situation!!! good luck...
Your starter may need replacing.  Best to go to a mechanic straight away, so you don't get stranded somewhere.Maybe you might have a flat battery.could be your alternator or starter...You either have a negative short in the ignition system or the starter solenoid is going bad on the car.
Well, first you should learn to read and write in English so you would understand what a really STUPID question this is. Especially as you've posted it in the transportation safety section.Go for it!  Where there's a will, there's a way.  Just PLEASE introduce me to arrrmando alehandro essssstrada! lolI would quit reposting this stupid question over and over.. . And...Get a life.If I were Umaga I wouldn't marry you... Think about how retarded will be our future kids... :)
Best thing, honestly, Mr Clean Magic Eraser. They use no chemicals, so dont dry out your seats. Just be sure to use a rich leather conditioner like Meguiars after to maintain suppleness.Two words:  Saddle Soap.. . The original and still the best.buy leather cleaner ( from the auto store ). There are instructions on the bottle.Always use a cleaner designed specifically for leather seats.  Also try a leather conditioner (after they are cleaned) it will extend the life of the leather, make it softer and provide a barrier for future dirt buildup.
Roger Roger -- over and outCode 1450 is for excessive fuel tank vaccuum which can mean you have a restriction in the evap system. It may be in the canister or a kink in an evap hose. You may also have a faulty fuel tank pressure sensor. There is also a tiny vent hole on your gas cap that may have dirt or debris in it.
London Underground Limited was formed in 1985, but its history dates back to 1863 when the first world underground railway opened in London.. . Today London Underground is a major business, with over 3 million passenger journeys a day, some 500 peak trains, 253 stations owned (275 served), over 12,000 staff and vast engineering assets.. . below are the links for more info...Its very simple, need lot of experts to maintain the wear and tear that's all..really difficultit is very tough, and important.  without proper preventative maintenance, and regular inspections, they would break down, and have accidents, or derailments all of the time. . . it is costly, but extremely important for the safety of passengers and employees.
http://www.af.mil/factsheets/factsheet.asp?fsID=92. USAF SPECS. all the specs are hereMazzy that a lot power.The "H" model is almost powerful enough to hang on the props.  If you really want a rush, be around sometime when the Thunderbird's C-130 launches with the JATO bottles.  I can assure you, you will be impressed.  I was on the flight line at Eielson AFB in about 1986 when they launched.  It makes a cat shot look tame.It has many uses, so I'm not sure what you mean by 'powerful.'  It can lift a max of about 42,000 lbs, though.as powerful as my tonguelook here. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C-130_HerculesWAY more powerful than that car in your driveway thats for sure.pretty power ful i heard they can carry about 50,000lbs
You can never ever ever ever ever have it removed legally.  Yes you can have it registered and street legal to drive it!!yes it can be taged lol. As long as you get a bill of sale with it.You CANNOT remove a "salvage" from a title... ever.  It can,however, be licensed, tagged, and driven just like any other car.. . Slainte,. . . -DThe "salvage" tag stays on, as a warning to the buyer.  There is no legal way to remove it.. . The rest will depend on your state's laws, and your insurer's requirements.In California this is simply notification that the car has been sold as scrap and rebuilt by someone other than the original manufacturer. The salvage designation does not ever come off the title. As far as registering and insuring it is the same as any other car. There could be an issue with comprehensive (collision) insurance from certain companies. Just ask your agent. The resale value will never be as good as a car without this designation and the salvage designation will come up in CarFax and other title search engines.it has to pass an inspection saying the car is fit or safe to operate on the streets. if an insurance company has considered the car totaled , then in my state (texas ) you can buy the salvaged car , get it inspected and no problem. if you live in one of the states that don't do inspections, then i don't now.
Go to the parts store and buy yourself a new clutch kit, because you will probably need a clutch by the time you are finished learning.  suggestion, rent a cheap car until you have finished learning, and have mastered the art!!!Its eaiser to show then tell.If you have a car with a manual trans or can borrow one.. Look me up Ill teach you. OKby learning....i don't think that they teach stick shift at most driving schools..at least, not in my city.If you don't know, stick to automatics.U put ur left foot on the cluch, U put ur right foot on the gas, U put the stick in ur right hand & U put ur left hand on the wheel.push ur right hand foward, then U put ur right foot down & bring ur left up & shake it all around. "Yeee Haw"This was the most informitive site I found.  I read it before I learned in a car w/ my boyfriend.  The best way to learn is in a parking lot, with a friend who knows to to drive a stick.  STUDY the website first though.Jus bring yer fine li'l old self right over here now and I'll teech ya!I don't know. How do you drive a stickshift?  . . and why are you asking us about your driving skills, like we would know anything about you?. . :DFirst thing about driving a stick is be confident! Don't feel afraid of it. I learned when I was 17 and I have drove one on and off ever since I even drove semi for 7 months as well! You get it the car and push in the clutch start the car keeping the clutch in and put in to 1st gear easing up on the clutch and also at the same time starting to apply gas pedal evenly as possible then finally let off clutch and proceed to go some cars have a dummy light when it is time to up shift some do not you can tell though by listening to the sound of the engine when time to shift push in on clutch go into 2nd gear then listen again still applying gas as well and go up to 3rd pushing in clutch to do so and then again clutch in to 4th and then one last clutch into 5th although some sticks are only 4 speeds some are then 5. Then it should be smooth sailing. Now when coming to a stop you can go back down through those gears always remember to use the clutch before you change gears  or you can push in clutch and go into neutral and brake to stop without being in any gear. Then remember above directions and proceed through all steps again! I think you will find it easy once you practice several times try practicing somewhere with no other vehicles around until you feel comfortable enough to get out of the road! Good luck! Oops I forgot how to get you into reverse clutch in and all the way to the right then down will be where you find reverse so sorry about that LOL You will do just fine I am sure! Now get in that car and drive Good Luck once again.Its really easy to learn. Takes a couple of days. Practice with a teacher you feal comfortable withFind someone that know to teach you, then practice.Have someone that you trust, that knows how to drive a stick, show you how to drive one.  Then, practice, practice, practice.  You want to be good enough that you can start from a dead stop on a hill and not roll back into someone or clonk out.please keep confidence in you , try to learn from teacher , practise make you perfect , good luck .practiceGet someone who knows how to drive who has a LOT of patience, have them show you, and then you practice.  Don't get frustrated when you stall the car (you will!!), and once you get used to the clutch it will come.  Some people take longer than others, so hang in there!!!it's like riding a bike, you gotta have someone to show you, then practicePLEASE !!! WHY IS EVERYTHING SO HARD FOR YANKS WE DRIVE SO CALLED STICK SHIFTS EVERY DAY HERE IT'S SO EASY AND WE CAN JUST JUMP INTO AUTOMATIC'S AND AWAY WE GO BUT THEN WE'RE SMART WE ARE BORN ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF THE WATER . BELFAST .HA HA HADon't be born in America.You'll need to attend driving school.you have to learn the car and engine.  when you hear the engine climb in rpm's (watch it on the dash also) you press the clutch and shift into the next higher gear.  it's all about paying attention to when the car feels like it needs to advance to the next gear.  it takes practice, get someone to show you how to do it, as it is easier to be shown in person to learnVery carefully.if you cant work it out DONT DRIVE DIP STICKJust live by one rule: if the car does anything you don't like, press in the clutch. Is the car about to stall? Push in the clutch. Wrong gear? push in the clutch. The clutch is your savior.clutch and shift
you run one wire from the amp to the first sub then run from the first sub to the second sub (that's the point of two sets of connections on the sub).  or if you have a stereo amp (2 channel) you can run from the amp to each sub or you can wire as mentioned above and crossover the channels (run the positive off one channel on the amp and run the negative off the other channel) if there not sounding to good you most likely need to adjust your amp, turn up or down the gain ect.By dual hook ups, i assume you mean they are dual voice coil. In which case, more information is needed, specifically the impedence level of each coil (ohms). Assuming each coil is 4 ohms, wiring a sub in parallel would make a 2 ohm load, while wiring in series would make an 8 ohm load. You also need to know the type of amplifier. Is it a mono, 2 channel, or more? if its mono channel, you have to wire all the coils of both subs together in a way to create an impedence level acceptable for the amp to handle. If it is too low for the amp (2 ohms for an amp 4 ohm stable, for example), the amp will not be able to play well. If you have a 2 channel amp, you can wire each sub to its own channel, keep ohm levels in mind.Assuming you've got a 2-channel amp, just run one 12-gauge speaker wire to each sub, + to + and - to -, then run another length of it to the other voice coil.  That will run your amp at 2 ohms, which will give you maximum output.  Of course, it's also going to make your amp run quite hot, because Kenwood amps don't like 2 ohm load very much.  They'll run at 2 ohms, though.. . If you have a 4-channel amp, just run speaker wire to each voice coil from each amp channel.  And more than likely the reason they "don't sound too hot right now" is because you've got the subs wired out of phase (you've got the + wire from one amp channel going to the - of the sub, instead of it's + input).Assuming they are dual 4 ohm voicecoils, and the Kenwood amp is happier running at 4 ohm mono, here is a link to wiring diagrams for all sorts of subwoofer scenarios. Click the link below, and change the information as needed to reflect your actual situation.
They make a clay bar for automotive finishes,Meguiars made it. You have to use their detail mist and spray it on the over spray and rub the clay bar on the over spray, keep the area moist with detail spray while you are rubbing the bar across. It removes over spray, bird droppings, tree sap etc.You need some automotive thinners,my friend. Use sparingly !Try polishing compound from any car part store. paint tinner will damage the finish!!! You can also try bug and tar remover first, then the polishing compound. Good luck
First do you know if the battery has all good cells ? can you take the cell covers off to do a hydrometer test on the cells ?.If the battery has a bad cell it will show up with a hydrometer test (HYDROMETER/BATTERY TESTER:IF NO DENSITY OF ACID IS PRESENT THE BALLS IN THE TESER WILL NOT RISE,AND WILL PROVE THE CELL TO BE DEAD(THE BATTERY WILL NOT RECOVER TO IT'S 12 VOLT CAPACITY AND WOULD BE A WASTE OF TIME TO ATTEMPT TO CHARGE). some are sealed or maintenance free.Some you can add acid to as needed or distilled water if you have no acid.ORDINARY TAP WATER IS NOT RECOMENDED.ALSO IF YOU CLEAN A BATTERY AND USE BAKING SODA TO NUTRALIZE ACID ON THE OUTSIDE TO DO SO ,BE CAREFUL NOT TO GET IT INTO THE CELLS [IT WILL NUTRALIZE THE ACID INSIDE IT ]. A 1 amp charger will charge the battery providing it is set up for 12 volt .Some have a switch on them to do 12 volt or 6 volt batteries at 1 amp ;using a 1 amp charger takes longer but allows the battery better recovery time from being in a near dead state.At 1 amp I would give the battery 24 to 48 hrs to get a good recovery time .you can take your battery to Autozone or pretty much any auto parts store and they will check your battery and charge it up for free.  just call ahead first.
Don't do the speeding, that will cause you to NOT be pulled over for speeding and that will cause you to NOT get the penalty points! TA DA!The cops pick you out by driving irratically - going FAR faster than those around you, making rapid lane changes, NOT using your signal - basically: by STANDING OUT.. . You can also go to court and plead it down or get the fine reduced... or hope the cop doesn't show so it's dismissed if you REALLY want to roll the dice.drive the speed limitPut your right foot on a diet!stop speeding!I've been driving for 35 years and haven't had one speeding ticket. And buy the way,only one at fault accident. I take my driving privileges seriously and love to drive so I will protect that the best I can. Slow down and leave earlier so you can be more at ease not worrying about getting caught for speeding.Don't speed. Lift your foot off of the accelerator pedal and drive slower. I have been driving for over 20 years and as of yet I have never had a traffic ticket of any kind, including speeding. If you are displeased with the high gasoline prices you should also slow down to conserve your fuel and the wear and tear on your vehicle.Don't speed!. . And it might help to learn a bit more English so that you can read the speed limit signs...simply don't speed, slow down. look out for speed limit signs.You could try sticking to the speed limit. They'll never catch you then.In many municipalities and states, you can hire a lawyer to amend your ticket.  You will generally pay about double the fine and some minor court costs.  . . If you have a friend who is a lawyer or a friend of a friend who is, they sometimes amend tickets to make a little money on the side.  Get in touch with them and they should be able to help you out.. . If you are a regular offender, it might be more difficult to get the ticket amended.Maybe drive a little slower, don't you think!Don't speed on any public roadway, go to your local racetrack....Here in Northern CA we have Sacramento Dragstrip we can go to.. you gotta pay & be insured cause the track assumes no responsibility for you or your vehicle.....then the only points ya' gotta worry about are race point's & you can still legally drive home..I drive a tow-truck for work & have seen how speed kills, SAVE your own life and slow down on AMERICA'S roadway's..........Good Luck, God Bless & be Safewell when you get pulled over sweet talk the cop and try and just get a warning if this does not work make sure you talk him into writing the tickets for around 6 miles over this will keep your points i get pulled over allot I manage to get warnings most of the time i just start talking and i must hold a record for the most warnings my son gets on to me but i love to drive and i have a sports car and its meant to be driven not just go from one place to the other if you know what i meanDon't speed.The obvious answer is Don't Speed.  However if you are looking at a conviction or guilty plea, it is sometimes possible to negotiate with both prosecutors and the insurance company.  It does not hurt to try.  If the infraction was minor, like 5 or 10 miles over the limit, and if your record is otherwise clear, either one or both the company and the prosecution might be willing to bargain.  It might not hurt to check other insurance companies for lower rates, regardless.Drive slower, hopefully to and English class.
Twist the throttle grip.  The cable will open the carb, allowing more air/fuel mixtuire to flow.  More air/fuel equals bigger explosions = more power == acceleration.gravitySame as a bycicle, just on a bigger scale.Power from the motor is transferred to the wheel(s) which causes the motorbike to move. If you transfer more power to the wheels than is necessary to maintain the current speed of the bike, the bike will accelerate.
pro: gas milage, turning for it's class, and price. . cons: gets knocked aroundin crosswinds, very crampedRead Car & Driver test from about two months ago (probably on www.caranddriver.com now). It's a reliable car, but the Honda Fit is much better.good- creative commercials. bad- hybrids suckGo to "autos" in yahoo and look up that car and see what reviews people left ...I personally am considering getting a little car like that cause the gas in california is crazy...besides i think its a cute lil car...Pros: Affordable, sports package give it a great look, drives well for small vehicle...test drove and liked it but.... . Cons: Low horsepower, 18 wheeler went by and felt vibration, hate to drive it in thunderstorm!good point: affordable, and very reliable. bad point: small, so not very practical in all situations
Anti Lock Brake System.. . Shaky sounds...well, shaky.. . Lights always appear on the dashboard.  Most of the time they are not warranted...especially if you're driving a GM car.ABS means Anti Lock Brakes. If the light is on that means that the ABS braking system is NOT functioning. YOU will still have normal brakes unless it is a Integral ABS system, then you will have limited brake operation..  Which ever system it is,It is in your best interest and in the best interest of other drivers around you to have it looked at and repaired by a ASE Certified specialist or your Manufacturing car line dealerAnti Lock Brake system. She's ok to drive it home just have it checked tommorrow. could be nothing more than a bad sensor. The brakes will still function she just may not have the anti lock feature, but cars were driven for years without anti lock brakes.if it stays on all the time the line is probly unhooked.. if it comes on when bracking hard it just means it working
Inside of the tank there is a small floater with a resitor attached to it, that send different resitance values to the gauges, and voila!  you have the level of the tank.Inside the fuel tank there is float which floats in the liquid.So as the level of liquid goes up or down the float also moves up or down . This is connected through a wire to the meter in the dashboard to show tank full or half or at reserve.Check out this web site:
It should go out on it's own. If you recently fixed something, you may have fixed the wrong thing. It can even be a loose gas cap keeping it on.WHILE THE BATTERY IS UNPLUGGED TOUCH THE POSITIVE AND NEGATIVE CABLES TOGETHER TO DISCHARGE THE CAPACITORTry unplugging your battery for a few minutes, that will reset your cars computerGet your oil changed, then ask the mechanics to reset the light.
you should contact DeSoto Cab Company in San Francisco, Ca. They use alot of xB as cabsWow, what a good selection for a cab.  I really never even thought of that.  Sorry I don't have any suggestions, but I liked the idea so much.Well you shouldn't have installed it yourself in the first place, unless you knew what you were doing.  Instead, you should go to the closest TAXI business or local auto shop to install it for you.  If it comes with instructions. then you should take it out. and re-do everything again.
Its easy, you need a c-clamp, the right sockets and allen or hex sockets and you just remove the calipers and take out the pads,when you do remove the calipers from the mounts make sure you don't put stress on the brake line I use wire to hold and support them. I suggest you get a technical manual on your car and familiarise yourself first. Brakes are easy on your car. But take your time and think about how your doing it as you do it!Also make sure you take your brake fluid cap off as you do the job and replenish any fluid you loose and put it back on when your done, dont let dirt in, if you do it right you dont need to bleed the brakes, DO NOT take the brake hose off the caliper!If you don't know you probably shouldn't do it yourself considering that is what makes the car stop. No offense.Ask your mechanic- not us
On most of the newer dodge vehicles there are some screws you need to remove. They are usually at the door handle and the arm rest some times they have some down at the bottom of the door panel. After removing these screws the panel should be able to be gently slid upward until it is clear of the top of the door frame and come outward.take it back to the dealer and get a truck....like a RAM 3/4 or more ton
Press the hold menu down, then press band until you get to EQ settings. You can adjust the frequency and the pitch of the sound. after you set it, press the rotary knob to save the changes. The light next to menu should stay lit if it's using the configuration. You can also go to alpine.com and go to i-personalize section. You set the settings on that website and download it to your radio. E-mail me if you have any questions.Here's a link to the Manual. Hope this helps.
keep your motor running, head out on the highway, looking for adventure, or whatever comes your way............. . . poor birds....You have to be aggressive about this. Before you start the engine, pop the hood, ans tear out the nest. After a week, they'll get the hint and move on.Birds do not build nests at night.  Someone may be playing a joke on you.Get a cat,,,,keep its food under the front of the bus,,,(just make sure you know where it is before you start the engine !!!)  Actually,,even a stuffed animal should work like a scarecrowA Google search can help you reach websites that provide a very good solution to this problem. Please search on Google.
Just ask your dealer to do it for you!i t'd into the boost line for my boost gauge.  If you dont have one of those you need to just T into any boost line.  Like from the blow off valve or wherever.  Im not real familiar with that type of car.
all of them. have the dealer search for one if he doesn't have one on the lot cuz they can trade with other dealers. the leather is usually in a luxury pkg. you pay extra for.JUst about ever make has that color combo, it is very popular.  Just pick the one you want and go to the dealer.  Something like that they should have in stock, if not, they can get it from another dealer or order it.
There bellys will be blue or white so if you looking from the ground directly up they fade into the sky . . the top and sides with be terian camo so if you look down on them they should fade into the groundWouldn't they look funny in purple and blue?So that they are not spotted by enemy gun planes. They would camouflage in green for forest conditions. This would help them hide in the green background. Good also for ambush attacks.To break up thier outline, making them harder to spot with the naked eye. Green is a standard color for most regions in which the United States operates in, but aircraft are usually exempt from the practice of camouflage. Most military aircraft are gray, while ground vehicles get a more refined camouflage treatment.Haieder kept it simple and correct....while alfiepinkshirt expands on the reason and technique for aircraft paint schemes...good work guys.Its so there easier to hide on the ground.When they land or when they are park on the jungles, don't you think it will be easy to see a big sky blue helo?so that when they are on ground it is easy to keep it invisible to the observer in the sky. If they are not painted in camouflage during the attack or aerial surveillance of the enemy, they can have right count and number of aircraft stationed in that base or airfield.To blend in.. . It is not always green.  Sometimes they paint for snow regions, or desert sand colors.
I would suggest Thompson's Water Seal. I use it on my outdoor umbrellas as well.ron seal water tight does excactly wat it says on the tinDarlene:. . There are products in spray cans that may be purchased in the camping section that are used for waterproofing.  They are more specifically intended for nylon tents but, the instructions on the can will tell you if they may be used for canvas.  You can try Sears, Target, Wal*Mart, etc.
Contact a fabricator that deals with Harleys. There are also places on the net that sell handle bars, and you may not have to modify anything to put them on, depending on the style you get.Start with a hacksaw, then buy some tubing and a mig-welder, a tube bending machine,. a grinding wheel and some re-chroming equipment, then GO TO IT, man.I build a few bars now and then, I always start with pencil and paper. Then after I get a design I like I get some DOM tubing ( for bars you don't have to use DOM steel, I just prefer to) and cut and "tig" weld not mig weld them (tig welding does not use as much heat, therefore it does not move the metal around as much) . Then I send them out for chrome.. . Cost of a 12 ton pipe bender is under $100, DOM steel is under $1.75 a foot, can cut with a hack saw, If you don't have a tig welder take it to a fabricator they will charge about $20 to weld it all together and clean it up, most expensive thing is chrome and that can be as little as $20 to as high as $100. So check it out and see what you like, you can get ideas from mags or from www.denniskirk.com.. . If you can't tig weld draw out what you want and find a steel fabricator close by. They will build you exactly what you want and even send it out for chrome for you. and they will do it for about the same price as buying them from a retailer. Remember if it is much of a change you will also have to change cables and hoses.www.denniskirk.com. www.partsunlimited.com are a few Places that might help ya. Anyplace that sells any aftermarket would be able to "steer" you in the right directionyou dont generally customize the bars you have, you'd destroy them trying. Id suggest buying up a few harley type magazines, I recommend american iron, find the type of bars you like. whether its drag bars or ape hangers or whatever and the go to some of the guys that advertise in there and get the bars you want..Contact your local H. D. dealer or check out Superior Motorcycle ,,,,,,,or J.@ P.  I get a lot of my motorcycle parts from Superior and my man uses J@P for some.There are a meriad of options.  You can get higher risers / wider or higher handle bars.  You need to decide what you are trying to do.  I wanted to raise mine and bring them back toward me.  I used a 5" riser and Road King handle bars.Drop it! They will be unique when you pick it back up! I mean really if you don't know the answer to your own question you should have bought a honda!
Your garage can set it off.  I found it annoying as well!buckle upby buckling your seat belt when you get in the carpu ton your seatbelt if no has said it already ... . :-DPut on your seatbelt??in all the cars you have to put your seatbelt on to turn off the beepingwe all agree put on your seat belt . .       SO NOW DO IT.  .   remember:click it or ticketCut the wire.wear your seat belt that is the safest way to drive!!!WEAR YOUR SEATBELT.Buckle the seat belt.
Pigeons. Lots of them. At airports. Get the picture...?to clean off all the bugsDo YOU want to be the one to get out and wipe the windows clean? . . I didn't think so.So they can get clear shots of Heaven, and the angels and stuff...So they can wipe precipitation of the windows..They use it to wipe away rain while taxiing to and from the runway.  Also they are deployed when the airplane has to fly through clouds.Airplanes can be rained on while they are flying, especially if they are flying in a rain storm.. . The windshield wipers makes it easier for the pilots to see, for example:  A plane could be coming out of a rainstorm and about to attempt a landing.  Using the windshield wipers will give the pilots a more clear view of the runway where they are trying to land.All the better to see .
Most insurance companies go by the quarterly report cards, not progress reports. You should be able to breath easy. Most companies actually don't have time to worry about it anyway. If they are, they'll send you a notice requesting a copy of the most recent report.Most auto insurance companies require A-B honor roll grade averages for GSD info. Mid-Quarter grades are not shared with insurance companies - because, quite frankly, the insurance companies dont have the time to care. So, no need to stress too much over your kids midterm reports.
they did not turn the rotors if they are not concerned do not go there anymore OK disc brakes are pron to squeal but not after a brake job i did them for over 24 years and if done right they don't squeal its not normal how many cars  do you here on a daily bases that do this not many excluding trucks air brakes, its called crystallization the two surfaces are shinny and they were not properly seated and or they just put the pads on and did not resurface the rotor did you know out of 100 brake shops only five do them right ? ALSO REMEMBER THE MOST IMPORTANT THING ON YOUR VEHICLE IS THE BRAKES THEY ARE PLAYING WITH YOUR LIFE IT MAKE ME ANGERY AT THESE SHOPS GET AWAY WITH THIS BULL U CAN CALL CONSUMER AFFAIRS THEY WILL SEND YOU TO DIFFERENT SHOP AND SEND THEM THE BILL TRY THIS OKit sounds like your break pads are wearing down to metal and you should take it to a shop you can actually see it if you know what you are looking for.you can look behind tire and sometimes see brake pads and you can see if they are worn..most likely new break pads would stop noise..if pads wear on out .it will hurt your rotor so take it to a shop or at least have someone look at break pads ok..i wish you all the luck..It could be brake dust, which is the "breaking in" of new brake pads.  However, it could also be that your mechanic ripped you off.  You may want to have a different mechanic look at it as a precaution.. . Good Luck!There is no simple answer. The car I drive my back breaks squel after it rains or when they get really wet. It is possible the garage you went to used lower quality break pads. There are many reasons as to why your breaks squeal. Your best bet is to go to another mechanic and get a second opinion.Semi-metallic brake pads are known to squeal and it wouldn't affect their performance.  It might also be from dirt on the rotor and or pads.  If it is stopping good, and the garage has okayed it, I wouldn't worry.Assuming your pads were changed and not prematurely worn out, the most likely culprit is inproper installation of the brake pads.. that squeal is actually a high pitched viberation caused by movement of the brake pad in the caliper.. a good mechanic can fix this by adjusting the pad fit to caliper or applying one of several products to correct the fit.. its annoying but nothing real serious...this is because maybe your brake disc spoil. or the brake balancing doesnt matchbecause u need new ones/ i can fix u and the brakesdepend the quality of the brake pad .often the noise came from the pad its the people don t clean all the brake parts hardware around the pad. try silicone on the back of the pad that absorb the noise and vibration.If they squeel until you press on the pedal then it stops the pads are worn.  If it squeels when you brake you should take the car (and your reciept) back to the shop that did the work.  There are things they can do (should have done) to make it quiet.  (deglaze pads, install proper clips or adhesive)  Some shops take shortcuts.. . If there is no grinding sound it is most likely not a safety issue.
opposite for a wheelie, when the bike is just moving on the front wheel alone that's a stoppiepull the front brake lean forward.... get the back wheel off and balance... pretty simple just dont fall or your gonna faceplant in the cementwhen u go to stop u lift up a little squeeze the brake firmly until ur rear tire comes off the ground.. then u try to balance and roll on just the front tire..its prety easy...1 thing i forgot..if u mess up its gonna hurt..its not like a wheelie as to where u can use ur rear brake or let off the throttle to bring it down....if u start to tip on a stoppie just try to make sure ur head is at least out of the way because itz gonna hurt"A stoppie is a motorcycle maneuver performed by a skilled rider to stop a moving motorcycle so the rear wheel is raised in the air while the machine is balanced on the front tire."When we were kids we used to call them "Endo's" - That was on a BMX. Now that we're all "grown up" we do stoppies.
freon is flammable right? a match should do it then, but be carefull the explosion might damage the seats (among other things!)dont mess with it unless u know wot u are doin but a u.v light should find itFord was known for bad O rings at where the hoses connect to the compressor. If you are not seeing any evidence of the leak, it may be in the evaporator core, which is mounted inside the car under the dash. You may have to disassemble the dash to look for evidence of the leak there>Check all joints and connections with a spray of dish soap, look for bubbles. Put a small amount of soap in a spray bottle with water. Also spray the cooler, in front of the radiator(On most cars)
Your VIN# has all the information that pertains to your car. You can write this # down and go to your paint shop. They will tell you the Orig. colour of the car..The first answer is correct.  . . There is also a web site that the body shops use to print out all of that info from the VIN #.  I don't know what it is, but I say them do it while I was standing there waiting to get paint for my car.  . . Maybe you could post a question asking for it?go to www.carfax.com and enter your car's vin number there and i believe it will tell u the original color of ur carOn the inside of the drivers door there should be a sticker on the door at the bottom left side of the sticker there should be three letters or numbers or both it should be under where it says paint code
because in the 60's it was ALL about size!. . 440 6 pack PACKED A PUNCH!!!That's how God made them.Thats how they evolved!!!If you're talking engines, it's because of those HEMI heads.i LOVVE elephants i think theyre big bcuz god loves them more than usWhy is this Q so short?cos they got big FEETthere not big, our eyes are just smallThat is how God made them. It is a part of God's plan.The living beings evolve at different ways depending on the circumstantes of their long way, begining on the distant past up to these days. To answer this question we would have to know this long path. So, it's impossible to answer. And only possible answer is: for unkown reasons, in the distant past, the ancestors of the elephants needed to be big to survive. They faced a selection pressure that led them to be big.that's the way God made them.cause God made them that way....because thats how they are, its how they wwere desigbned to be created......why are mice so smallBecause they were tired of being pushed around!!!
Actually, chicks are more impressed with guys who can spell words correctly and use them in comprehensible sentences.  You might want to try it sometime.Haha, I have the same feeling, I street race and drag race and do truck pulls and work on my car. Its simple. I enjoy and know about cars. I also program computers in cars, so there's a plus there. I always wanted to go big with my racing, everyone says I can, but I choose not too, but I'm sure there's someone who will step up, like Dannika Patrick I was at a race track and the ref people thingys haha told her to SLOW DOWN because she was driving to fast IN INDY? LOL I have yet to see them tell a guy that. That you're driving too fast its dangerous Lol.AM1360 - ever heard of Shirley "CHA-CHA" Muldowney - Top Fuel Rocks bud  - a lot more than AM radio - I believe Danika Patrick is racing open wheel at 230 mph in a series with definite international flavor. Lotsa women racing in IMSA and NHRA. Just a question of time til NASCAR finds a babe to fit its cookiecutter driver image and do the psuedo crap they call racing.I live close to a race track and know several girls that race and one that can build an engine better than most guys can even dream of. Her dad tought her and she's good!.   (especially Fords)I have yet to see a truly good racing driver that is a girl.  I'm told there are good ones in drag racing, but I just don't care.  There haven't been any women racers on a worldwide scale.i dont have a problem with girls racing as long as they qualifie just like everyone else its not a problem.
multi port fuel injection inline 4. it means that you have various ports that shoot fuel into the engine and all 4 cyclinders are in a straight line with each other instead of in a V like a V8 engine.To clarify the MFI notation: this means that there is an injector in each cylinder intake port. Pretty much anything sold new these days is multi-port as the engine can be managed much better. However, a few years back there was TBI (throttle body injection) which typically had 2 injectors pumping out enough fuel for 4, 6 or 8 cylinders. While that was better than a carburetor it just isn't good enough for today's low-emission world.
Well, at least it's fairly easy to remove the gas tank.You may just have to remove the tank. The only way i see around this is if you're lucky enough to find what i've got , which is a tool that's basically a regular screwdriver , but the handle is a "T" shape with 2 different sizes of spark plug sockets , that can get in the tight spots to loosen them, then you just get your fingers in and get the plugs out.Over the years of owning my 356, I've followed with great interests the many posts on 356Talk. To say that this font of information has proven to be invaluable is too small a compliment. Anyone who follows the threads there for an ex-tended period of time realizes that certain topics reappear periodically. One of those topics is changing spark plugs on a 356. Because plugs are a maintenance items that simply cannot be avoided, it is a topic worthy of discussion. Many of the posts on plug changing come down to one or two issues: "How do I managed to get my *&@#$$ hands in there?" and "How do I get the spark plug started when I can't even see the opening in the cylinder head?" Hopefully, this short note will help answer both ques-tions. By way of background, my own car is a 356B-T6 equipped with a Super 90 engine, Weber carburetors and adaptor plates on the intake manifolds. That combination is probably as difficult as things get, working-space-wise. Therefore, most of not all of what I write here will be if anything somewhat easier with cars that are less constricted. . *1/4" or 3/8" drive ratchet wrench . (3/8") spark plug wrench with gripping insert . (mine has foam) . 3", 6" and 12" extensions universal joint spark plug gapping tool . *At some point all of these tools will be required* . ITALIANS KNOW BEST!. AND WITH THIS JUMP TO MY WEBSITE! I'LL GIVE YOU "PERFECT" ONE-ON-ONE DIRECTIONS *www.356registry.org*. . RIDER EXPERIENCE( thread): Just curious what kind oil pressure a late model VN1500 has? I've seen oil press gauges for sale for older Kawasaki’s that were calibrated to 15psi, and older Hondas that were calibrated to 100psi.Thanks, just wondering what is going on down there...  Fleshwound
Vinegar.  Also works on removing salt from leather boots and shoes so it doesn't destroy the leather.try washing them really good with a pressure washer and dawn detergent.how did you get them on your car carpets? have you been exorcising demons or drawing pentangles????????lighter fluid. gets any stain out of anything..without damage to the fabric..hairspray works very well, spray it on and rinse after 2 mins, wont come back....it locks in a barrier for all salt, dirt ect...use some stain shoe remover it is about 15dollars. from shoe carnival or foot lockermix half vinegar to half water - it will chemically nuetralize the salt. Apply it with a sponge. Use a clean sponge and water to mop up the vinegar smell.
best gas mileage and cheap to keep goingEconomy Car:. 1. Light weight (civic, tiburon, mazda3). 2. About 26 mpg city/ 34 mpg highway. 3. Inexpencive to purchase. 4. Import. 5. Gets you to work and everywhere else without a problem. Also saves you thousands of dollar in repairs because they are well constructed.thats sample swift . jazz. city . clio. punto.107. 106. lopo . polo. gitz. atos.fiesta select and try drive thin buyA car which is compact,not very flamboyant but it has a decent performance and is affordable for the middle class.Such a car is an economy car."An economy car is an automobile that is designed for low-cost operation. Typical economy cars are small, light weight, and inexpensive to buy. The Oil crisis of the 1970s caused a great deal of emphasis on economy, leading to a shift to smaller front wheel drive cars like the Volkswagen Beetle and Honda Civic."  (Wikipedia)Only milk a juice should come in 2 litres or less, get something with at least a 5.7 litre V8 and have some fun.well hundai is pretty shittie
turn the key on, engine off. depress the throttle completely three times. turn off key. OKMike seem to have searched it out for you. But, do like the one with no name. I think though, with the car running in gear, then press the pedal three times to the floor, it could prove to be an interesting experience. Heck, just funing, Mike already had a good answer.with the engine off, turn the key to the "run" position(do not start engine) ..... fully press and release the gas pedal 3-5 times within 5 seconds of turning the switch on ... the change oil light should begin to flash .....turn the key back to the "off" position .... start the engine and the light should flash a few more times then go offits been known if you disconnect the battery cable it resets the cars computer,so it will reset the oil light...nice car.love camaros..Here is how you reset it:. 1.) Turn the key to "ON" (DO NOT START THE ENGINE). 2.) Push and hold in the Trip Reset button until the "Change Oil" light flashesI don't know for sure, but most of the cars with change oil indicators have a button in the fuse box you need to press while the key is turned, but the car is not on.Hold the button down and it will reset itself
3rd answer - could be O2 sensor. Best bet is to go to shop with diagnostic scanner and have it checked for codes. They usually charge an hour labor to tell you what's wrong, but it's less time/money to find out for sure instead of guess.dirty injectors,fuel filter, clean the intake or carb. check the cat if need be. hoe are your plug wires? could be broken inside and yould never know
-check the fuses;mayby some are burned;. -maybe battery is out of order;it is not allowed to discharge totally the battery;. -better ask specialist for maintenance;do not waste your time;Hopefully, you had the battery checked. Sometimes when the battery runs down, it is done for. My Escort did the same thing a couple of weeks ago. A new battery was put in and that solved the problem. Auto-zone puts cars on the computer for free, don't they? Whatever you do, be sure to get many estimates and make sure that the place you take your car to is recommended by family and friends.It could be a simple thing like installing the battery in wrong. Its worth the effort to go to a mechanic.  Remember this. A mechanic is useful in many ways such as a mechanic of love.  This mechanic will often not only start the motor running but will keep it hot for a long time. Good luck and much wisdom.you are out of gasolineWhy not try your on board diagnostics? All you have to do is turn your ignition switch on and off a couple of times.Your owners manual or a Hanes repair manual will tell you how to do this.All you need to do is count the flashing lights on the instrument panel.There is a listing of trouble codes listed in the manuals.The flue cut of switch may off as well.The location is found in the manual.it could be a bad fuse or relay switch. go back to autozone and look in there auto manuals for your car. there's a section for trouble shooting, thing's to check, and they'll show you how to check. but some of this will require a digital multimeter. electrical parts can quit with no warning. could also be egnition switch getting old an not making a good connection. good luck hope this helps.Try getting the car boosted and once started, let it run for 15-20 minutes while not using any electricity (headlights, radio, etc) so as to let your battery recharge properly. Turn your engine off and if the car doesn't start on it's own after that, it could be that your battery is totally screwed or it could be that you're alternator is not charging or it could be that you have a power drain or short somewhere. A garage mechanic should be able to tell you which of the 3 with a few quick tests.. . By the way, if the car doesn't turn over while you have it boosted, you definitely have a problem with your starter or check your fuse box(es) to see if anything got blown.. . ToodlesI don't know, check with your your dealer!Might not be charged enough, should be above 11 volts, have your car boosted. If it starts, the alternator will charge the battery. If it doesn't try to start, it's either your starter, or the relay which feeds your starter. Try a boost, if it doesn't work, bring it to a garage, and have it checked.that could be your starter for sure, but I'm a little confused on the dome lights and etc, this could mean some wiring problems, check the alternater as well.
On four flights, Dec. 17th, 1903, it never exceeded about five feet.. . It was vstly under-powered and had to fly in ground-effect.I assume you mean the Wright Flyer - but that was not the first heavier than air machine to fly, only the first POWERED one! From the site listed below -. "In 1849 Sir George Cayley built a large gliding machine, along the lines of his 1799 design, and tested the device with a 10-year old boy aboard. The gliding machine carried the boy aloft on at least one short flight." - Unfortunately it doesn't mention how high he went, probably about the same as the Wright Bros.
you mean the e-mail itself or the name behind the e-mail?. . if you want to change the e-mail address, get a new e-mail address.. . if you want to change the name that shows up, it's very likely in the preferences/options area of whatever program/service you are using.You can change ur Signature.As they call it.Just go to the options or settings or email preferences inside ur inbox.sorry peeps,ya cant change it. tried...and ya surely cant delete it either.
this are the instructions let me know if it help youget everything you need together.. IE. New head unit, wire harness adaptors, wire strippers, tape.. . GET the appropiate harness adaptors, and then go color to color.  I just put in a Pioneer CD player in my '92 5th Ave.. using the Scosche adaptors (and blew the door speakers)  I connected the power antenna and the amp remote together into my units power anntenna wire,thereby keeping the preamp system "hot". The Infiniti system ROCKS in these cars.When you pull out the existing kit follow the wires, the ones that go to the doors are speakers, the ones that head towards the engine are the power, easy! Usually you've got red and blue for power, however these can also be brown and yellow depending on the car, month it was made, moon cycle, who won the world cup last etc... Best bet is to follow the cables and see where they go, or lay new cables down, it makes a big difference for the fidelity.u dont.
smog crap on the '74, vs none on the '69.  Mounts should be the same.5 yearsBody style changed in '73.  Disk brakes were introduced in late '72.  As stated earlier, smog junk on the '74.  I know on the half ton trucks the rear ends were wider on the later trucks, not sure about the 3/4 ton.A few missing teeth...?5  YEARS
http://finance.groups.yahoo.com/group/businessplanner/Since 1996 Mercedes-Benz has supplied Formula One safety cars to all rounds of the championship, and the current model is an SLK 55 AMG. It has a slightly modified engine over road-going specification, and has also been modified to reduce its weight and improve braking response - but even with 270 kW (367-bhp) output from its V8 engine, that's still less than half the power of a current Formula One car (combined with over three times the mass.)
Seems  backwards, doesn't it?  It probably began when women wore long skirts and couldn't get their legs over the bar easily (or modestly).Well, as you know our culture is based on tradition, and it is tradition that women's bikes be made to occomodate the room a skirt or dress would need.. . Personally, I always thought that it would be better if all bikes were made like women's bikes for the safety of everybody's reproductive organs.This isn't necessarily true for bikes these days anymore.  The triangle frame is stronger therefore accomodating the harsher riding and the heavier weights of men but women are now using the same frames, just smaller in size.as stupid as it seams...the old reason for this was that even as riding a horse...a "Proper" woman should alwasy keep there legs crossed. if you ask me thats nuts. how eles is a woman suposed to pedle herself? i think its retardedI think its just an old tradition. Women in the old days had to be careful, decrete and delicate as possible about placing thier leg over a bike, (and everything else) the lower bar enabled that. Design won't change due to everyone knowing that the bar is lower for women, so blokes would be seen on a bike like that! But one thing has changed women used to ride horses with both legs on one side, you obviously don't see that nowadays!Women's cycles have no crossbar to enable them to be seated without having to raise their legs above the seat and exposing themselves. Also the long skirts could get tangled in the drive and frame.There is no reason that a woman these days cannot use a bike with a crossbar.
remove the door panels, the speakers will be behind themI previously had a '94 pontiac grand am, What you need to do is find all the screws that hold the door panel on the actual door, then you will need to lift up on the panel, it should come up then apart from the door itself, you will need to disconnect the wires running to any power(if any) such as power windows,locks, etc. then you just use...I believe its a torx screwdriver and get the star-pattern screws out that hold the speaker in place. Then you will need to cutt the 2 wires that run to the back of the speaker, try to remember which is positive/negitive, then you simply put the new ones in place and screw them down...now if your holes dont line up then you will need to drill some new ones ( i had to) and it doesn't take that much time as long as you have the correct tools for the mission. Well hope I helped you out a bit...later
its not worth you time and or money.. ok you can put in a tank yourself but are you gonna do all the engine work your self?.   because you need to change your piston rings, a bunch of seals your fuel injectors.. and a list that is longer than i wanna type .. its not worth the conversion... time and or money ...There are special LPG tanks for cars that have to be professionally installed along with the conversion kit for the carburetor. If it has fuel injection, forget it..  You do not have to do any internal changes to the engine to burn propane fuel.
talk to your local salvation army as they auction donated cars and give to needy in many areasThe only donated cars in MN that I know come after 3 driving intoxicated convictions. You can find them at the police auctions. Half the damn state is either on welfare or unemployment so if you are looking for a freebee Good luck!!!
they like Harley's regardless of what vehicle they drive.wannabes!. not all harley parts are made here(usa). . That's funny-put a nisson sticker on their chopper!Why do people put Harleys in their garages, when there are such better motorcycles out there? Same reason  -- "image" not substance.They like bikes you have to push/more than ride!.   Why do Harley people think all Harley parts are made in the old USA?.   From an avid Honda person. I've owned both.Well, they still may love harleys or own one regardless of the make of car.There IS no better answer than "because they like them."  Except maybe "because they can and why the hell shouldn't they?". . Until someone starts buying my vehicles for me, they have no say in what I drive or in what stickers I may choose to display on any of them.Few people know this, but back in the late 80s, Harley started putting a specially formulated drug in the nations drinking supply that makes people with low IQs wear Harley clothing, hats, talk about Harleys as if they are the best thing ever, and yes, put HD stickers on their car.  The success of this still-continuing conspiracy made the smart marketing folks at HD realize that they were not only receiving wonderful advertising from this, but that they could charge $7.99 for a 3 inch by 4 inch sticker that some numbnut would stick on the back of his 1991 Nissan Sentra and feel priviledged to do so - people were paying them to advertise!  Eventually they began to have all the clothing, shoes, hats and stickers manufactured in China by child laborers for pennies on the dollar, thereby maximizing profits while still developing an inferior product.  The drug was improved about 10 years ago to also make them believe that pushing their motorcycle when it broke down constantly was as enjoyable as riding it.Since most Harley owners only put on their “Cool Macho Harley Dude Outfit” and ride down to the local bar a couple times a month (many 10 year old Harleys have less than 1,000 miles on them) they want to let others know that they are a “Cool Macho Harley Dude” when they are heading to work at their crappy job in their crappy foreign car (only about 25% of all Harley riders are High School graduates)…virgins obsess about penis size. people who know nothing about riding bikes like harleys.. So it makes sense for car drivers to put harley stickers on their cars and for prepubescant boys to wear harley shirts.. . People who actually ride usally but a shoe, ducati, arai, agv sticker on their back windscreen, so if a real bike comes up behind them the rider knows there is a rider driving the car and they can feel safe around that car, knowing that the driver is aware of their presencelets take it one step farther. Why do people feel it necessary to wear Harley shirts, pants, gloves, boots, goggles, helmets, jackets, socks, and boxers when the m/c they are pushing already says Harley? I have yet to see a guy riding any other bike with such a desire to wear every article of clothing bearing the logo available at the local dealership they bought their cycle at.Stupidity ?Why would anyone put a HD sticker on any car? Because they think it makes them cool.I do not put harley stickers on my jetta but my wife put one on her toyota rav4 when I had my harley road king. I have owned 5 harleys and the road king I had was traded in for a night rod in april of 2006. alot of harley people say its not a traditional harley but whatever. my bikes did not break down but yes I have seen the jap bikes seem more reliable. I like the goldwing but it was 18 grand and I bought my night rod for 13,700 so it was also a money issue. anyway to answer the question why the sticker I guess there are 2 answers. one is that you own a harley and someone bought you a sticker (or you bought one cause your a big harley fan) and the second may be thinking harleys are cool which alot of people do. I dont wear harley cloths unless they are gifts from people who know I ride and dont know what else to get me. when I need to get to work in winter with great gas mileage my jetta was a great choice and when im out having fun on my bike enjoying my free time my harley was a great choice and thats how I see it.
False sense of security, keep you seated, keep you from falling out of your seat during turbulence/landing, etc. But really they don't do much. . Related question: Why DON'T school buses have seat belts?So that you dont crash your head when the plane flies upside down.to the guy with the black box, the plane would be too heavy, and way too expensive.  Even if it was made of that stuff, in a crash the impact of hitting the ground going 1,000's of miles per hour would kill the passengers anyway, whether the plane was fine or not. just my 3 cents. and the turbulance thing is correct.They prevent you from banging off the walls if the crash or fire does not kill you, not all aircraft accident are fatal, they skid off runways etc. Also, turbulance during flight can be very severe, the belt keeps you from leaving your seat, and meeting the ceiling of the aircraft, seat belts on aircraft are good, a parachute, and helmet would be better, also ya know that indestructable "black box" ?, why can't the rest of the plane be made out of that stuff ??? Just my 2 cents !They aren't for crashes.  They are to keep you from flying out during a rough flight.The purpose of the seat belt is to keep you in your seat under normal circumstances and for minor mishaps.  For example, during turbulence, you wouldn't want to get tossed around, bounce off the ceiling, and land on the person next to you (unless of course they were cute).  Similarly, during a hard landing or in the case of skidding off the end of the runway, you wouldn't want to get tossed around.
Condenser gets it's energy as you engine turns and it turns that energy into cold air for your air conditioner.. Your radiator is front of your car where water pass through long tubs to release the heat energy and to circulate back into the engine to recollect the heat to release it out againthe condensor is filled with freon and is used to keep u cool in the summer!! a radiator has antifreeze in it and is used to cool ur car and give u heat in the winterA condesner is part of the air conditioning system. A radiator cools the water that cools the engine.The condenser is design to cool the freon as it leave the compressor.  It is like a A/C unit you see outside a house out window unit you see.  Air blows out and all the heat you feel is the heat leaving the freon.  When freon leaves the compressor and to the condenser it is under extreme pressure so much it gets hot.  When it leaves the condenser it is cooled down drastically and when it gets to the expansion valve it is like a restrictor to let the freon trickle into you evaporator in your dash.  When that happens it is in low pressure state and is very cold.  Then it makes its way back to the compressor and starts all over again.. . The Radiator works in the same principle but is an entirely different system.  The radiator cools the antifreeze/coolant from the engine.  If you start with the water pump like the compressor for A/C it pushes the antifreeze to the radiator from the lower hose.  The radiator cools it down then sends it to the thermostat.  Once your thermostat gets 195deg. "some cars are different temp" then the thermostat opens and it goes to the engine and heater core.  The water pump sucks the antifreeze from the engine and then starts all over again.. The condenser is always in front of the radiator because it gets hotter.. . Hope this helpsUp until 1975, cars used to have an electrical component in the distributor called a condenser.  I assume that's not what you're talking about.  An air conditioner works by evaporation and condensation, so I guess a condenser would be part of the air conditioner.  The radiator is the part of a water-cooled engine that cools the water that cools the engine.  Open the hood and you will see a fan that blows air across the radiator.
they want the technology, they want the brand, the want the economy of scale, they want the market share, they think it is a profitable thing to do, they want to elimite competition, they want to consolidate their position, they think this add value to their business etc. The same reasons other companies takeover others.Technically, VW owns Lamborghini, because they own Audi, as well as Porsche and others.actually, volkswagen owns audi, skoda, and lamborghini, and they bought lamborghini in 1997. Of course, it was to make more money, but they kept the lamborghini tradition alive. still the same beautiful yellow cars.Technically, VW owns just Audi, Skoda, Seat, Lamborghini, Bugatti and Bentley. Porsche is cooperating with VW group, because it is kind of family business - F. Porsche is F. Piech's (ex-VW CEO)grand grand father. . VW group bought Lamborghini because it was almost in ruins. F. Piech was reacting fast and bought the company. This act was quite cleaver, because VW didn't payed that much. And why did VW buy Lamborghini? It makes the VW group more exclusive and it helped Lamborghini a lot as well. . I think VW (Audi) doesn't feel rich, they are just wise.
There is a button where the speedometer is. Push it untilthe car honks and the light should go off.. Don't take it anywhere except a honda dealer where they will fix you problem for free.There is generally a "reset" that needs to be done once the oil is changed. If you've changed the oil, any oil change place should be able to reset it for you. Or a dealership will be able to do it too.i think that if you have already changedthe oil and it is still on the there is something els wronge with it mabe a fuse or something you might be able to call a repair shop and ask themIF YOU HAVE NOT READ YOU OWNERS MANULE YET DO SO IT WILL TELL YOU. . read it you will knowyou break it! well, its true. . but seriously since that has happened ur cars cpu computer chip has stored a code in it saying to change the oil.. either 1. change it if you already havent. 2. take it to a dealership and get the code cleared. or 3. break it (just kidding)Well, if you've already changed the oil and it doesnt go off, check the oil pressure. If not, i would say just go to Honda's website or get a repair manual from a autozone or car parts dealer.
you can't find out ahead of time.  but 91 is always busy and congested.google traffic on the internet
Look in Hemmings Motor News.  Or, on the Hemmings website you might find an owners club dedicated to the car that you're dealing with.  Or, you might find a club for all the models of the car, i.e. The Walter P. Chrysler Club covers all cars made by Chrysler.what year, make, and model??  That information is helpful, and also, what are you looking for??  Have you tried the forums for your car?  Like VW has their forums, 'stangs have theirs, ect ect.Check here.look for a same make  and same engine size and checka modern junk yard has a computer with cross reference software, if you cant find one look up your car on line. original parts for old cars are best if found in desert climate(less rust)
The gauge is reading from the tank that it's switched to.  Each tank has it's own pump, and float that you can switch between.  Or, at least it should.The tank will read whichever tank that the switch is on. Each tank does have its own sending unit, so if one does not work then that is the one that needs to be fixed. If it doesn't read correct on either, then the junction is messed up. It is normally located on the frame rail between the tanks.
You can use a mild rubbing compound.  Solvents can work too but you risk the solvents taking the paint of your truck off too.  I'd go with the rubbing compound first.wipe with any mineral solvent on a soft cloth and lots of elbow grease.  Start with only the weakest solvent and move to the next weakest if the previous solvent did not produce any effect.  Rubbing alcohol, then try mineral spirits,then lacquer thinner, then MEK.  After removal, polish with car wax and buff over polished area.
if water doesn't work than take a piss on it!leather cleaner then use a leather conditioner on it a few times consecutively. bring the leather back to a soft ply able stateThe vinyl is toast. Time to get the seat recovered. It should only cost about $50 at any local upholstry shop.i use one thing to clean grease oil chain lube splatter or anything sticky---wd-40 will break down any sticky stuff and leave it shinning.try skin so soft from Avon dude I'm not kidding it will take all off that stuff of and wont harm the leatherSticky is a good thind for a rider, I used to armour all the passenger seat tho lol.Goo-gone has to be the answer for something that has gotten on your seat.  Armour-all is only for the passenger portion - to keep your passenger close.  Of. course, if you gun it, they might go the otehr way!. . But thinking about your problem, it seems that the vinyl might be melting away - perhaps some solvent (gasoline?) got on the seat.  Maybe its time to rip off the old vinyl and have a new cover put on the seat -- or even to have a nice Corbin or Sargent seat put on.. . If all of that is too expensive, there are seat covers that are basically like a little vinyl shower cap, complete with an elastic around the bootom, that you can use to cover the seat.  Maybe you can get one in all-purpose black.try goo-gone, get it at a hardware store (Menards), it removes tar,gum etc...You can take vinegar and ammonia mixure and it should take care of that.try some PVC cleaner i had the same problem! clean it with that then rinse off with COLD water
Make sure the CD changer is connected behind the radio. If the radio does not have that connection, it is not going to know there is a changer in the vehicle. Also, make sure all wires at the changer are plugged in and that there are CD's loaded. Lastly, make certain that the CD's are loaded in properly - if they are placed in upside down, the changer will not read them and the radio will not recognize the changer.Make sure you have cds loaded (I'm sure you probably do).. . check also that you don't have the cds upside down (real easy mistake, has happened to me)
s That is the capacity of the cylinder of the motor, that mind when the piston make compression is over 125 centimeter cubic of gas.125cc means 125 cubic centimeters... It's the size of the engine.125 cubic centimeter displacement. Just like a 350 car engine is 350 cubic inches displacement except bikes are measured in metric units.
Well since i just did this i will try to enlighten you.. first you need to look and see if there is a male hose end where you put the dipstick in if so go to a boating center like bass pro shop or similar and get these items a drill pump,and you will a couple of pieces of garden hose cut into lengths of about 2 feet each,an electric drill,3 clamp on female hose ends,and a bucket or container to pump the oil in.. Take one section of the garden hose and put the 2 female ends on it.. take the other section and put on one end of the other hose.. 1.attach the drill pump to your drill.. 2.screw both hoses to the pump.. 3.screw the female end of the hose to the dipstick (be sure to remove the dipstick). 4. run the drill so the till the oil comes out you will probably only get 4 qts out of it.. oh and make sure you put on a new oil filter and lube with a small amount of oil the sealing ring on the filter.. If your boat motor does have is male end on the dipstick tube look for drain plug in the oil pan and try to catch as much as possible and clean your bilgle well after it.. Good luck.you can purchase a hand pump that pumps the oil out through the dipstick or you can purchase an electric oil pumper.Keep in mind if you purchase the manual pump,be prepared to spend about 30mins and all your arm strength to pump out the oil.
why do you want a automatic?  You should not have bought the car then.automatics cost more to maintain and fix and cause a bigger lose of horsepower (20-30%). You should never sell the neon SRT-4 because they don't make them anymore (To build an engine like the one in your car you would spend an easy 10-15grand.) Dodge lost a lot of money building those cars. the engine can handle 400hp (factory tuning added to the car's top end price not the note) and still run pump gas and get good gas mileage (due to turbocharging and fuel injection) a stage 4 SRT-4 (400hp) at 2,800 pounds will run outrun any thing within the $25-50thousand class.  Oh yea, the crappy automatic fm the other neons wont work because they cannot and will not handle the power from the stock 220hp neon(actually about 250hp.) ratings are lower for insurance)why would you want an automatic?Have to swap transmissions. Just get a donor car with a good automatic and swap it over. I think it should all bolt up. Wether it will handle the power of the SRT4 engine is questionable. . . My suggestion if you want a fast car with an Automatic, just sell this car and buy a different car! Corvette? BMW? Mustang? etc... Lots of choices!why an auto stick is much much better than auto for one thing u GET BETTER GAS MILEGE and with gass at 3 dollers a galon id stay with the stick if i was u
hmmm what is the difference between poop and diahreah.  Mitsubishi may want to make you think differently but in the end they are both s.hit!Mitsies are no good with power to get on a freeway .Be safe. the s is sportJust like most car companies they have a base model then a more luxurious model. For instance the Chevy they have LS and LT. The LS is cloth seats with plane dash board settings. On the other hand the LT has Leather, mahogany or wood grain dashboards. It's the same with the GL and GLS. Some even have more power, or bigger engines like the Honda's the ex and the DC one could be a 4 clyinder and the other could be a 6 clyinder.
Welding gas is not as pure as medical use. But, a supplier of both will give priority to the medical field over industrial companies. . However, welding oxygen can be used if needed.The O2 regulator for medical use is a medical device and is approved by the FDA.  Medical O2 generally has some moisture in it and the regulator is designed to acccomodate for that moisture without damage.. . I may be wrong on this, but I believe that the thread patterns are different as well.  Welding O2 may have impurities in it that would make it unsuitable for medical use.The main difference is the pressure range that they allow.the quality of the regulator... they both do the same thing. only the medical regulator is of a much better quality
Because they think they are better than you because their car cost more.  Of course, they tend to abide by this theory in life in general.I'm an extremely competent driver.  I drive an expensive car because Life's too short to drive a cheap car.Because they can afford a new car.Top on the line cars last longer, faster, and high tech. The people that drives them is a different story. Most are show offs and don't give a raze ass what you think about them. Some don't give a damn and are stuck up like that. I met a couple that won a jaguar and they treat their jag as a baby.because some people see them with expensive cars ,and thing they have money ,and some times they don't have not even a penny in they pocketthats why they buy FLASH cars,because they are arsholes and think by driving a flash car we wont notice.i have a rather expensive car and i have no driving problems whatsoever (just gotta have the bigger car i guess, hahahaha)Actually its only your perception that we drive badly really its your jealousy getting the better of you,and we are better than you because if we were not we wouldn't have the money to drive nice cars...so get a life ...stop whining.. PS  old people drive badly...Italians drive badly  as do women and people wearing hats.....dogs are real bad . now i think about it I'm the only good driver out there!!!!!!!!!. . ps mr schumacher is a pretty good driver and hes got lots of money and 7 world championshipsExactly - cos they are A-Holes basically and think they're better than everyone else.  Women who drive dark coloured BMW 4x4's are the worst.  They drive way too close to you and don't seem to have a clue how to drive in the first place either............to much money is to much of a responsibility for them losersPeople with expensive cars are probably egotistical morons thinking they are better than everyone.. Not all people are like that though like Jay Leno or other celebrities which is beside the point.. I for one love cars and if i get an expensive car i wouldn't be like that.
Courtesy lights.  Normally the interior lights.  May include trunk, glove compartment and exterior puddle lamps as well.The fuse for the interior lights.it is your interior light fuse
TAKE IT TO A PROFESSIONAL IF YOU DON T KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING BECAUSE IF YOU MISS IT BY A SMALL INCH. THE ROOF WILL LEAK... I KNOW!!!!skill saw and crack filler.. and self tpping screws.Is it worth it? Maybe you could just get a car with one? But, if you must, then you'll have to buy one of the pop-out ones, cause there's no way to put in the sliding one as it won't have any space to slide into if you car was not meant to have one. I'd get it done by a pro, cause I had a car with a sunroof that was added later and it wasn't that great. It would leak constantly.you get the chainsaw and....take it to a professional!see an expert, because many problems can arise, espeacially the permanent damp patch on the top of your head during a rainstorm. As for a moon roof, unless the car was designed for one in the first place dont bother. A Vehicles roof is designed to help stiffen the Area around the passengers and cars are stiffened underneath to accomodate lack of roof panelling in convertibles etc. cutting large areas away will decrease the safety and possibly the way the car handles
the government is  screwing more money out of you what  you wanna do is buy scrap yard cars at £40 a go get a weeks worth out of them and torch them on the local playing feild keep doing this until they increase your council tax by 50%. good luckCar insurance is required by ALL countries.  It's a measure of protection for other motorists.  If you have an accident, and are found at fault, your insurance pays for it.  Your insurance (dependent on type), will pay for damages done by natural causes, or damage by hooligans.. . Sorry, I can't help you with the cheapest companies in the UK.. . The benefits are you don't have to pay medical bills and damage reparations for an accident that is caused by you.its the law...never mind the benefits.. if someone hits you...and its their fault...how do you expect them to pay for your damage, they do it through your car insurance company, so if you don't have any.... don't expect your car to be repaired.If you injure someone and have no insurance... they can make a civil claim through the courts, if you injure them enough so they can never work again, you can expect a bill in the hundreds of thousands of pounds.. Get cover....if your car isn't worth a lot consider just 3rd party fire and theft.Without insurance you cant get road tax...and the DVLA can now tell if you are using an untaxed vehicle...so its only a matter of time before a fine comes through the post. Have you seen the SPECS cameras on the road, the ones up on the big blue poles, well they do a vehicle check when you drive past one.. as for cheapest company...no such thing, every ones circumstances are different, it mostly goes on your post code and wether you will be parking on the road at night, drive way or garage.
Sounds like the battery is dead.  Try jump starting it.It sounds like your battery is low. Charge it up and give it a try. Allways look for the simple things first.well i had one and i put it on run instead of choke (u may not have run but..)and mine workedIs your battery strong enough? Test that first. If it clicks and then stops clicking it sounds like the battery. It sounds like it dies after you try to start it. Jump start it on a hill or have someone push you or have the battery checked out.I had the same problem last year.  Your battery is dead.  Part of your spring bike maintance is to change your battery.. . GuidoAfter you check the battery,try checking the starter solinoid aswell as the connections.put it in 3rd and push in the clutch and go down a big hill and when you are going about 15 mph release the clutch and pull it back in real quick and it should start
Have you had your timing checked?. Is it summer and on winter setting?. Are you putting in the right type of petrol?Because you ran out of gas dork!Possibly Electrical problem
The smart thing to do is if you are having trouble with a car thermostat (this is a car forum) replace the thermostat with a new one. You already have gone thru the trouble to remove it, the cost of a new one should be less than $15.00 but your time is worth so much more as is peace of mind.I used to boil mine on the stove. You can loosen some of the deposits & also check it's operation this way. But if you have heavy deposits on your thermostat, you might be best off just to replace it (don't forget the new gasket. Of course, I also ran my distributor caps through the diswasher. Wonder why I never learned to cook? Seems I spent a lot of time in the kitchen with my car parts.What kind?  I'd blow on it if you mean a home thermostat.. A car thermostat, you need to soak in solvent.use some of that canned air for your keyboard and just blow it out,  that will be good enoughJust replace it it's like 2 dollars
try   www.nada.com     or  www.kbb.comA '64 is NOT in the Blue Book.The value of the vehicle is to be determined by the owner. Some have sentimental value and others have Historical value. If you find the right buyer, It could be worth thousands. Most older pickup trucks are worth a minimum of 1500.00 dollars if they drive and are reliable, no matter what the condition of the body is in.www.kbb.com. It will ask what condition the vehicle is in and what features it has.  Hope this helps.
3.5 kw is the measured power of the electric motor.  .75kw=1hp       3.5kw=4.75hpI think it is equalent of about 50cc ( in a general sense). Or is approximately 5 BHP.
Local paint shops.Get the necessary training, ask your instructor if you can use him/her as a reference, write a great resume, and use the Yellow Pages to find potential employers.  Drop off your resume in person.A resume is fine... but a portfolio speaks louder than words.  Get together what you can do for a client- your best stuff, and talk to local paint shops...more so, customizing shops.  Is your heart set on cars & trucks? Or are you willing to get into bikes?  There's lots to customize rather than automotive, and a friend recently suggested I do more than just automotive related...as the market is becoming saturated with airbrush artists.. I talk to a lot of strangers (don't tell mom) when I'm out and about, talking about what I do...you'd be surprised the potential business you can turn up just from a conversation.. Check out the Tiki Lounge at Coast's site.... But the portfolio is gonna do it for you, more than anything.
Cause its a gas guzzlin' tank and it doesn't belong on the highways.TO Expemsive to Maintain1) its not a Gas Guzzler, it uses Diesel. it will get between 12-16 on '05 and older, the new H1 Alpha is around 10. which still makes the H2 just as much of if not more of a Guzzler.. . 2) its looks are dated (as are the H2 and H3, but yet they still make those).. . 3) who besides an offroader, really cares that their "Whip" has a 12k# winch, central tire inflation, portal hubs, super low gearing, and good approach and departure angles.cause, gm is going broke first thing to go is the square suburban.dont know but youve ruined my night lol. amazing car/lorry/van/airplane lolI think it won't match the new requirements for new vehicles to reach a certain amount of miles per gallons usage.It has been replaced by the II and III. They can't keep making the old styles when the new ones sell better.People aren't buying enough of them to keep making them.. . It's old, it's gigantic, and it's a gas guzzler. People prefer the sexier H2, or the more gas-convenient H3.It's probably a combination of sales due to increased oil prices, and that the world really doesn't need such a wide vehicle in today's parking lots and roads. They are more of a recreational vehicle and it is very pricey.First, too wide cant park on the street.. Sec, low MPGH1 is not being discontinued, its just not going to be available for the public. Sales do not support it. They will still be built for the military.I don't think there's that big of a market for it anymore with the gas prices.  I think Hummer is going to try and make some more fuel efficient vehicles like the H3.The Hummer H1 is being discontiued due to low gas mileage and the high gas prices in the US. Dude, the things get 10 miles to a gallon and cost 140K!!!!
1.Power-train Control Module. 2.You can not Repair a PCM, only replace.. 3.Your not going to find one cheaper then the ford one, if you went to a junk yard you could use one of those but you would need to match the Car's Calibration Number or the PCM won't work.PCM is short for power control moduleHave to correct King, sorry but it is a PCM, which is Powertrain Control Module, it works in relation to the other other systems of course, such as the ECM and controls many functions.. . However, I don't know what you mean by spoilt? Is it in a location where something was spilled into it?. . They usually are not repairable and I doubt you can buy one aftermarket, perhaps used from a wrecking yard maybe. It's certainly worth a call.. . Jerry. http://www.usedcarwise.comPOWER CONTROL MODULEIt's not PCM it is ECM = Engine, Control, Module, Commonly refered to simply as the Computer. THe ECM is not too dificult to change. It is usually found under the dashboard on the passenger side ( probably behind the glove box ). If you are going to change it you have to be sure to disconnect the battery in the car first and before you touch the ECM you have to ground yourself out with a body panel. Even the smallest static shock to the ECM can destroy it. THe ECM usually does not just go bad though. I think you should give us some of the cars symptoms and see what we think it could be. Hope I have been helpful.PCMs are generally not repairable by the consumer.  You can get remanufactured ones, though, from auto-parts stores like AutoZone, although they may have to order it.go by autozone ad get them to price you one. if it is a 95 or newer you will have to take it to a dealer and have the new one flashed.the PCM is the vehical computer easy to replaceecm  -get the oem # off the ecm take it to a napa, or oreillys store . cost about 225.00 exchange
If money is not a object I would call a dealership and see if they use anyone.In the area I live in the repair would be subleted out to a specialist.The larger used car dealers will have someone to repair damage on thier cars before they sell them,50 dollar range would be a good deal.I would call around and ask the service department or the used car manager if they have a set fee or day that the contractor will show up to take a look at it,....just a option if the car is newer and ya don't want to see it for the next two years,...good luck and quit smoking !!!,........Try sowing over it.. there's really not much you can do.Look at some of the auto partsstores they make this kit that repairs burns.. It is glue and you put the glue in the burn and then sprinkle this fuzzy stuff over it and it sticks into the glue.They work quite well and some burns are almost completely gone.. Good luckuse a fabric or upholstrey patch
You can buy sprays whci you use on inside of visor to prevent misting. I have a special visor insert on the inside of mine. Or you can wear a mask which deflects your breathe downwards.dont breathe-. or purchase anti-fog spray from motorcycle shopIf you mean it's fogging try opening the vents in your helmet. A trick I used to use is to wipe it down with Colgate toothpaste, let it dry then buff it off with a clean towel.My cousin used to use rain X in his, you can also take a small drill bit and (by hand) put tiny holes in the upper corners to allow condensation to release.
If the car is a diesel, it has a vacuum pump.  Did you lose the belt the runs the vacuum pump and the power steering?  That would make the brakes hard and the steering suck.  If all the belts are there, check the vacuum pump.If the engine stalls while driving, you have no power to run the power steering and brakes. But your vacuum pump may need rebuilding. It is driven off the engine and generates the vacuum for your power brakes and other accessories. Check your vacuum readings at idle and make sure all your belts are good.You lost a belt. Hopefully the overheating didnt damage your engine. Look at all your belts and check all the fluid levels.
Always coat the sparkplug threads with anti seize compound, before re installing them! You might already know, but just in case, Iwanted to pass that along!If i am right in thinking this engine is a larger version of. the gsx1100 unit therefore the plugs are buried deep into the cylinder head and you need a special sparkplug remover to remove them because the well they are located in is smaller than standard.
well... go to the RTO i.e the Regional Transport Office in mumbai and give the registration number... u should be able to get it within a couple of minutes cos it will be computerised... u can collect the details like owner of the vehicle, address of the owner etc., hey... in that case u may ask for the imformation officer who is supposed to be there in every govt. office.. if that too doesn't work ask them to give it in writing that they cannot give you the details... and proceed to an advocate and make them answerable.... every indian has a right to know and u don't have to bribe them just u would have to pay the prescribed fees...wen u go 2 d RTO office make sure u giv them som back handers,otherwise they wont talk,welcome 2 INDIA.lol
F/A means fighter/attack. It can dogfight, fire air-to-air missiles at airborne targets out of visual range, and carries weapons to attack ground targets. It is also aircraft carrier-capable.It is a state of the art tactical fighter to replace the aging corsair. The main Navy carrier units now are still the F14 for carrier support and the F/A18 for tactical missions. The Marines also use it along with their F/A8 harrier for close in support. The Air Force version (not for carrier use) replaced the F4 Phantom. Their arsenal pretty much now is the F15, F16, F/A18 and the F22 Raptor.Apart from distruction?it is to protect the country against planes that are coming in to attack as it is a plane more for ''dog fights'' as it carries on board air to air missiles.The purpose of the F/A18 Hornet is simple. Fly from a carrier out to sea to a certain target. Then drop its weapon on that target in any weather day or night. Not only do they drop the weapon, they kill the target no matter the conditions. Then while they are heading back to the carrier the bad guy send up some fighters to try and shoot the Hornets down. But since the Hornet is a true duel role sir craft they can dog fight the bad guys and send his expensive fighters to the ground in flaming heaps.. . The Hornet can then find the carrier and land on that same carrier no matter the conditions. The pilot can land that plane on the small deck in any weather day or night and even in rough seas.. . The plane can take the force of landing on the carrier because it has special landing gear to take the force of landing on the deck.. . To me the F/A18 is the best at what it does. Not only that but the Blue Angles fly them to show off the planes abilities to the public.IT DOES WHAT ANY HORNET WOULD DO - IT STINGS!. BUT IT STINGS SHIPS AND OTHER PLANES, AS WELL AS GROUND TARGETS.. AND WHEREAS LIVE HORNETS DON'T FLY IN STORMS, THESE BABIES AREN'T AFRAID OF THE WEATHER.
That dude that was talkin bout the alternator...couldnt change a tire if he wanted.  Its a very intricate process....about as difficult as it gets...roughly 6 hours of labor for even a mechanic....they have to take the front suspension off....usually change the water pump also...had my honda done and it was 576 bucks.....and on top of all that you have to make sure the timing is dead on and accurate so it will run. Im sorry to say it is not for the inexperienced and can give experienced mechanics a difficult time also.  ALSO now that i think about it...toyota trucks of approximately the same year have CHAINS not belts and can go 100 thousand mile more than a standard belt..look into it...good luck.I would take it to a shop. If you blew the belt, then tried starting it again, you probably fried some valves. This would entail replacing/rebuilding the head, as well as replacing the belt & setting the timing. This process is especially hard on front wheel drive vehicles, because the belt is so close to the wheel well.Take the alternator off. Put the new belt on and put the alternator back on. Easy1I am concerned that the drivel you have had in answers can sway you especially the one before this whilst he may mean well is also wrong. Your question does not give a clear picture.. I am concerned that you say fix. Has the belt snapped, if it has then there can be damage, it could have damaged valves, ETC, it may be easier to scrap the car than to fix it, do your sums and don't be sentimental.. Find a garage to do it , or get hold of an autodater book and read the instructions and follow them to the letter, if it's just replacement. then fine &#92;&#92;&#92;&#92;&#92;belt £10-16 Labour UK £40.00. Good Luck.goto your local part store and buy a manual you will need some tools too
You will need a battery isolator "Big relay" that will let you put all your stuff on the 2nd battery with out killing your other battery. I would get a yellow top marine battery. That's what i have and my car has allot of stuff hooked up to it and i haven't had single problem.The question is...why would you do that to a PT Cruiser?You would need a battery isolator and run all of your added accessories to the aux battery. The battery isolator will keep the main battery from going dead while all of your electronic toys are in operation. The instruction for the wiring are with the isolator, and I would recomend using an Optima sealed gel cell battery if you plan on mounting it in the car.
Are you extremely ill? Then there is a possibility. Go to your public library and look up grants in the Foundation Center's Directory. Good luck.Sell your computer so you can buy a cheap ride. To many welfare mama's think like you do.There are people that will you cars. Just put an ad in the paper, and you will be surprisedHi, many places donate cars for legit. reasons. They can even be through churches.. . I'd look on the net. I'd start by just typing in car donations. When all of the places pop-up, call them and explain your situation.. . Good Luck!Go on Oprah?I have no clue but when you find out, let me know.Give add in paper.Have sextuplets.You should get a blog page or something asking for donations. Please be as honest as possible. There was once a person who'd had a gambling problem and told the story of how irresponsible she was on a blog and people still donated to her.. . or you could just ride the bus and bikes.Depends on what it is for. If you need it donated for a great charity, fine, If you need it because you are lazy and dont want to work to pay for one, I guess you will be sol, you should probably define why you need it.
you need the toyota auxiliary audio plug . they have one with ipod input and audio input. and they have a simple one for audio input only i didn't find the link but i know they are $60.00It's gonna be way to hard to do it...But U manage to take the audio out...find the Aux line to plug it in!
The oil pump or sump pump is usually located in the oil pan or sump pan. Depends on where you live to call those pans. But, the oil pressure sending unit could be defective. Also the light could have short and could be just flashing the wrong thing. . Take it to a repair shop and ask them to check the oil pressure sending unit. If the car is paid for and the oil pump is bad, it is worth repairing if you intend to keep the car.remove the gas cap,,,,pull the car out,,,,back a new car in,,,,replace the capi hate to say it but a new car might be your best bet. what engine does it have?
Join an official Porsche owners club, and they should be able to fix you up both with knowledge on how to fix things yourself, and give you a chance to talk to other Porsche owners who'll be able to share their experiences with Porsche Mechanics... tell you who's good, and who's a cack-handed sod, and where to find them.. . Also whatever car you buy.... be it a Pontiac, a Porsche or a Reliant Robin.... a HAYNES Owner's Repair manual for that car in particular is a very good investment to help you track down problems.PEP BOYS baby,MANY .MOE AND DON`T KNOW JACK
a ford probe? probably some papers to send it to the junkyard. J/K. start out small like intake and exhaust then maybe some suspension/tire upgrades, and if you can afford it maybe an upgraded Driver (I.E driving school for yourself). its not an insult just a cautionary step.driving fast takes skilldepends on how much $$$$$$$ you have to spend...are you looking for all show and no go .....then body, wheels and tires are what most people do first...body kit if your in a warm climate, snow destroys that stuff and tears up under car lights...you might want to check on your local laws concerning the lights, don't spend a lot of money and then get a ticket..... as for that clueless person that said something about a garett (what the heck is that and a ecu ????? dude get a clue you don't know what your talking about...)turbo garret and change your ecuwats that?!a good coat of fire!
Try to motrocycle safety foundation! They hold classes on the wekend! Good luck! Keep the rubber side down!I know Ive seen people actually taking a class at Orange Coast COllege in Costa Mesa.  I think they prepare you for the actual test.
Because of their Utility.cause everybody wants themGenerally speaking, new trucks cost more than new cars.  (of course I don't mean Mercedes and Jaguars).  So used vehicles would follow a similar cost pattern.supply and demandThey can be utilized for many things, regardless of condition. Farmers want old trucks they can run in fields, salvage people want them to haul junk, many uses other than just transportation.
1. Provide a power source for the starter motor (basically an electric motor).. . 2. Provide power for accesories, when the engine is turned off.It's what makes the dashboard light up, the clock to work, the electric odometer, the A/C, the overhead light, the DVD player...you didn't think that all that stuff worked on gas, did you?? Hope this helps!. . .:Lark:.It provides the power to the car. Why are you asking this question? this is very simple!Battery is used to crank pwr to engine, pwr stereo , lights, and all on board electronics. the alternator is what keeps the battery charged.it starts the car, then the alternator powers the restIt is to power the starter to start the engine. Thats all.cutie needs to stick to being cute but i guess she just wanted a couple of points.  Mostly the battery starts the car but in some makes like GM products the battery is needed to keep the car running the alternator powers all your accessory's in the car.  Ford products after the car is running will run without a battery but don't try it for fun.
Clogged fuel filter is very possible, have you checked you plugs? They could be bad and when its cold the computer automatically trough's extra fuel to help warm it up so that's why it will run fine til it warms up.cause its a suzuki sidekick....needs a serviceSounds like a bad IAC (Idle Air Control) have it checked and replace if needed. It is usually on the throttle body.maybe spark plugs...maybe fuel filter is cloggedSounds like the auto choke is out of adjustment.  When the engine is warm the auto choke should be off, if its on its causing your engine to try and burn more gas than it can - flooding.
www.howstuffworks.com. . they explain it better than meUseing a fosil fuel engine for animation, it is interconnected with a suitable drive line properly connected to a set of wheels that deliver friction to the supporting roadway.some of them roll on wheelsgo to howstuffworks.comThey don't, but you do so you can afford them.Basics: gas is pumped into cylinder; piston pushes up, compressing air and gas; spark plugs ignite, forcing piston down, which turns a crank that is connected to gears that rotate the axle, thus spinning the tires. Very very basic.Combustion of petrol. This releases energy and the energy moves pistons. These pistons make a pole rotate and via some cogs this one makes the wheels spin. This is the very very basic idea of it.WOW MAN, HOW OLD ARE YOU? WHAT ARE YOU PASSIONATE ABOUT IN LIFE? DON'T TELL ME ABOUT GIRLS CUZ THAT'S BULLSHIT AND DON'T SAY SCHOOL CUZ THAT IS ONLY PART OF YOUR LIFE FOR 8 HOURS UNLESS YOU'RE INVOLVED IN SPORTS!. OH WELL, LOSERS ARE LOSERS, AHYHOW VISIT A WEBSITE CUZ I GUESS THERE AIN'T ENOUGH ROOM TO DESCRIBE EVERY PART, DETAIL, DIMENSION, CABLE, ROTOR, ETC. HERE IN THIS PLACE. YOU DO HAVE ACCESS TO THE INTERNET, DON'T YOU? OH GOD....... YEAH, ONE MORE THING, I-AM-A-GIRL, THAT IS SO SADDDDDD!
David g is that AC,OR DC,The magneto in my HEMI are DC?No diodes??????is he from the X Men movie?generator of electricity  for to run electrical system of what ever . its an alternating currant  (ac)  magnets induce an electric current in copper wire wraped around a peice of iron as they spin passed in a flywheel turned by a part of the motor like the crankshaft.David G answered you question quite well-  find a Mag on many small engines, Lawn mowers etch,   old cars had them and I think some Corvetts-. . You can see one here -  . http://home.howstuffworks.com/how-to-repair-small-engines3.htmhttp://www.geocities.com/Area51/Keep/4026/
I wouldnt worry so much about the torque specs. Wrench them on one handed, placing your hand close to the head of the wrench, when your hand cant turn the wrench anymore then they are as tight as they need to be. thats usually about 75 to 80 lbs torque and thats what you want it to be.  you dont want the gasket too tight on there or it will rip. if you use both hands you are likely to use exessive force. if you are using a gun or going gung ho on the mo fo then you are likely to strip the threads on the tranny, i doubt you will do this as you have been warned.Hope you have an inch-pound wrench.  Those bolts are real easy to strip.I would try to contact the aftermarket company and ask what they recommend. Probably between 14 and 20 lbs.
Guess you didn't sleep through that class.  Good answer.Heat causes coolant to expand if it gets hot enough to escape the radiator (16 lbs.) it flows into the overflow reserve. When the system cools down, it contracts and is drawn back into the radiator through a one way valve in the cap.
Electronic Control Unit. . The main computer in your car.Europian Council Union .when you found tis logo on any instroment ,it means that it made according to ECU TRADITIONAL SPECIFICATION they put and all agree on it to raise quality level of all industries
Good try,I think your the only one who knows this answer.don't due on your self is dangerous  better go to a mechanic chopLearn to spellHey it's alright I can't spell either. Very dangerous to do struts. If you've never done it before I would suggest getting some one who has and watching how it's done. Also you need special tools. Know a guy who lossed half of his face and he knew what he was doing. Get helpStart by raising and supporting the front of your car (assuming that your replacing the front) remove front tires ,remove 2 bolts that attach strut to spindle housing(this may require removing brake components) remove 3 bolts at top of strut mount to inner finder, remove strut assembly. Advance auto and Autozone both have rent a tool programs. Go to one or the other and rent a strut spring compressor.Be very care full in doing this step as the spring can dislodge and cause bodily injury or death. Use the spring compressor as instructed by the tool manufacture , reverse steps..Some front wheel models require that the front end be realigned as replacement of the struts ,so prepare to have this done as well.
Tiptronic is a type of discrete automatic transmission developed by Porsche and used in its vehicles and those of its licensees. A Tiptronic transmission can operate just as the common type of automatic transmission, but it also allows the driver to override the automatic mode by moving the shift lever into a second (Tiptronic) shift gate and permits, for example, downshifting to increase the braking effect of the engine.Shifting gears with a click of a switch.
How do stunters dent their tanks?. Over&Over you think they learned to do that first time?usually your knee smaks it when you get off prematurely.a rubber mallet or plastic coated dead blow hammer . . but a good kick ussualy does the trick
Lets do the math here!!?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? how about its smaller?.5 liters?Are you trying what is the difference in size of gas between a vehicle with a 2.5 liter engine and a vehicle with a 3.0 liter engine? And if so, what make, model and year?The difference is in the size of the tank?the size and volume
It's the VIN number in the front window, rental cars place theirs in the rear window.  Which one are we talking.The barcodes are part of different systems which allow vehicles to easily be tracked and/or identified in various situations.  Some of these include: toll booths for highway sytems, security measures, fleet inventory.. Just as barcodes on consumer goods and in industrial/commerical uses, much information can be stored in a barcode.. In toll booth situations, a car's owner can be charged the toll without the vehicle's driver having to stop and physically pay a cash toll.  Instead the eletronic scanner, just like smaller versions in retail stores, "reads" the vehicle as the vehicle passes under/through the reader, and it enters the date into the system for whatever purpose the barcode was designed.. A very beneficial/efficient system used in several states on the east coast is called EZPASS.  EZPASS involves barcodes placed in the windshield area of vehicles and when the vehicle passes thru toll booths in participating states, the toll is easily assessed without the vehicle having to stop.. I believe my state, PA, along with NY, MD, NJ, DE, VA and maybe others all use the same barcode on the vehicle.. This allows the state agencies to bill the owner monthly for all uses of the toll roads instead of collecting tolls during each trip.  Makes the passage through toll booths much easier & faster.  Thus reducing traffic congestion and delays at these locations.So you can "beep" them at the register when you buy them?. . (Sorry, I just had to!). Goodluck!to make it go faster... na...i have a Honda with black codes on the windows for security reasons for the thievesIt was a rental car...peel that sticker off.
Suzuki Bandits come in 600 & 1200cc. Please specify which model you have when asking questions in the future.. There aren't any cleaners you can add to the gas that will thoroughly clean your carbs. They will have to be removed and dissasembled.. To remove carbs. -Turn off petcock and remove fuel line.. -Remove fuel tank.. -Drain carbs. The drain screw is on the bottom of each float bowl.. -Loosen throttle cables.. -Unplug the ThrottlePositioningSensor.. -Loosen all 8 clamps holding carbs to manifolds.. Slide the 4 air box minifold clamps back. It might be easer to remove them from the manifolds, but it'll be tricky to get them back on.. -Spray WD40 to the manifolds. It'll be easir to slide the carbs out.. -Remove throttle cables.. . -Remove all 4 float bowls.. -If there is any dirt/rust/gunky gas - clean it out with carb cleaner.. -The most common problem of dirty carbs, are the pilot jets getting clogged with bad gas. The pilot jets are long and thin.. -Hold them up to light. You should be able to see through them.. -If not, clean them by spraying with carb cleaner.. -If they're really bad, fill a small cup with cleaner and let them soak overnight.. -Remove the carb tops and throttle slides.. -Clean the slides and needles.. -Spray through every hole in the carb. Cleaner should come out another passage-way if they are clean. Don't forget to operate the choke.. -When you re-assemble the carbs, attach a fuel source to make sure you don't have any leaks.within the past year Motorcycle Consumer News had a very detailed explanation on how to do this.  Google MCNews, Motorcycle Consumer news to see if it is archived.. . BTW...great magazine to subscribe to.CRC makes a carb cleaner you spray into them after you take the air cleaners or velocity stacks off... the truly mechanical can dismantle the carb and soak it in this stuff and re assemble.... . . this stuff is a dreamU R better of having it done by someone who has done this sort of thing before. It is better to take the carb's off to clean them properly. It takes some time and knowledge of basic carb setup. Get a repair manual and U will C what I mean.
Well it's 20 yrs old . These cars were originally designed to be a disposible transportation vehicle (DTV) GM and Chrysler built similar cars. If you got a couple or $ 700 dollars move into the mid-90's preferrably a Cavalier or Sunfire or Sable or a NeonTopaz and Tempo are the same, try this link and go to their trouble shooting section:. . . http://www.autozone.com/servlet/UiBroker?UseCase=P005&UserAction=initiateVehicleRegistrationThe question is very broad, but due to the age of the vehicle I can probably guess.  Drivability problems like this are usually caused by a vacuum leak.  Do not be tempted to try and find the specific leak.  Vacuum hose is very cheap, just go buy about 10 feet of it and replace it all. You will be amazed at the improvement in performance.  This is all assuming that a sensor is not bad and that the check engine light is off.Try a tune up and make sure you replace spark plug wires when you do it. It could also be the distributor or points and maybe moisture in your gas, use a additive to clean out lines and ignition and maybe replace fuel filter.
Struts need to be replaced, not fixed.  Because they are structural parts of the front suspension, you also need your alignment re-done.This is a job better left to a professional..lots or preloaded pressure on those springs.  also you will need special tools for the job...
There is something you can get at any autoparts store that is essentially a decall remover.  It takes off stickers and glue and is only a couple of bucks.  Don't go putting 'Goof-Off" or something like that on the car, as it could definitely do some damage to the paint.  Try there first, and use something specific for removing stuff from automotive paint.Use mineral spirits,but be sure to wash it off with soapy water immediately after you get the tape off,to keep it from stripping the paint.WD40 is often good at removing the "stick-um" left over from tape. You can also use a remove like "Goo-Gone"This is No Joke - TRY  "WD-40" on it. When I need to remove any kind of tape residue or rubbery type glue - I spray it with WD40, In the case of your car.., let it set for a minute or three and rub it off back and forth with a soft cloth. Spot it again if need be.., but it will take off the residue and wont harm the paint.. . Just be sure to wash your car like normal afterward to remove the oil.they sell this stuff called "goo-off", its suppose to take things like stickers, tape, etc off, i havent used it but i hear good things! good luck!Goo-gone.  Most drugstores or hardware stores should carry it.  Or else try baby oil.I don't know if this will work with a duct tape on a car, but most adhesives that are stuck will come off with a hair dryer and slowly pulling off.  I guess if all else fails you could take a paint scraper and pry it off.  I think no matter what method you use you'll end up needing a touch up job on the paint.Try this...I had some decals on my bumper and glass that I got off with a blow dryer, to heat them up, and a razor. You may want to use something that won't scratch eg.plastic puddy knife.take it 2 the car shopTry WD40 --- spray on the tape let set and rub off with a dry towel.go to home depot and buy a bottle of "goo gone" from the paint section. It is only a couple of bucks.  It will desolve the glue and won't harm the paint.  I own a body shop.  i get this problem offen.WD40 will take it off. Really.REMOVEALL FROM WYNNSuse a box cutter but dont strip the paintTry mineral spiritsIf you can gently remove the tape, you will of course still have the adhesive. Peanut Butter will saturate the adhesive without damaging the paint job. You'll have to work it, knead it, but that should do the trick. Also great for removing the glue left behind from price tags, in case you buy a gift and you don't want them to know how much you paid.try bumber sticker removal.  you can find this at a auto supply store like pep boys or autozone.   just be careful to test a spot firs on the car to make sure the color is not going to fade.   do the same on plastic as well.Goo-Gone and let it set on it for a while and keep doing it until it's gone.Soap and water.Put eggs and bologna on itrubbing achacol.straight edge razor& a steady hand!paint stripper and a lighter maybeI work at home depot, and am constantly peeling price labels of of beams and cleaning them.  Goo-gone is good but removes paint.  A widely used adhesive remover at the Home Depot is a product called pure citrus.  Its an air freshener but gets rid of caked on adhesive.  The HD sells it for 3.27. Spray on, wipe, and repeat.  Good Luck.Oops! It removes anything sticky.Yes.! YES PUT BOLOGNA ON IT! and make sure it's really hot outside, and just let it sit there for like 3 hours..
Get the exact paint, DA (sand) or wetsand down your bumper then tape off areas around the bumper probably apply a sealer and then paint with the matched paint. Not that hard, except if you don't get all the wax off you get fisheyes. Don't forget to clear coat.Go to the paint shop and get it painted...
It depends on the engine and trans:. With the 289 V8 and four-speed manual, 8.9 seconds. With the "K-code" engine and four-speed, 6 seconds. Engine tweaks give it 25 more horsepower, so zero to 60 mph takes 6.3 seconds6 seconds.Depends on whether or not it's stock. What engine, what tranny,standard or auto, what gear ratio in the rear end?i think it is abt 10-15 sec. I'm not really sure abt ittechnically 6.3 secs, take it upto 7 or 7.5 depending on conditionsIt depends mostly on the conditions (traction, tire condions, driver skills and gearing).  To be honest 0-60 times do not really equate or reflect accurately on how a car will perform.  I'd say standing quarter mile time (better yet..quarter mile MPH) will basically tell you where you are at powerwise and performance-wise.
I would suggest starting on something easy, perhaps model car tires and gradually work your way up. You'll be chewing on 20s in no time. Good Luck!Not advised, especially when the vehicle is in motion. Chewing convertible tops is lots less dangerous.with your teeth i guess??!!! lolI don't chew them personally..hurts the teeth too much..let the neighborhood Dogs after them, even let them go on them a few times to soften it up a little... they seem to wear them down quick, espcially them tires off of vettes and vipers:-). . Oh you mean the other way..bad alignments, tires not put together right if done by a retreader, too much off roading, drag racing etcChew slowly... Grind the tires up with your molars.. Don't take big bites or you might choke.. . I like ketchup on my tires.  :o)are you that hungry? I can think of many things that are easier to chew.
Have you ever had a large bug smack your hand at 60 mph? Can you say OW!!!?since they have gloves they wear: what is the probs for uI don't wear them, but after 500 miles I wished I did. Hands were pretty sore.1) To keep their fingers from becoming numb while holding the bars.. . 2) In case they have to grab onto a hotter part of the bike, they won't burn their hands.. . 3) It protects their hands if they fall of the bike.. . 4) It covers up the jailhouse tattoos on their fingers if they are pulled over by the cops.. . 5) Chicks dig guys in leather.When you see a bug it won't hurt you because you'lll have gloves on."When you dive, you might touch some coral on the reef, very sharp. And sea anemones sting also. It is not just bikers that need the gloves. Even a skilled diver likes the feel of the glove on the hand, it fits like a glove.One other reason I didn't see mentioned - grippage.  Your hands sweat, and if your grips are metal, it can get slippery.  You want a steady hand on the clutch and throttle.Protects against bugs, dirt and debris, and cold weather.I wear them for protection. They are there to protect my hands incase I come off and they are there to protect against the elements.saves the fingers if you go downi think its so they don't hurt their hand when they get in an accident!It's easier to grab onto the back of a truck when you run out of gas.I wear glove while riding bikes, so that my hands dont get dirty, and dont have to take extra care while eating food after riding a bike.Mainly for passion.You hold onto those handlebars for a few hours then we will talk. Ok?protection in my case. i work with my hands and wanna keepem in good workin orderThe Gloves cover up the sweat on their hands which are formed when they try to do a freaky stunt in front of their chicks.. The eyewear covers up their tense eye movement.so in case they fall off they wont scrape their fingers and damage their handsWell, if you get a bumble bee lodged between your fingers while doing 80 mph down the highway...you will be wearing gloves the next time you ride. Another thing is wind-chill. At these speeds, any exposed skin can get "windburn" which is no fun at all. I did a ride on the peak-to-peak highway in Colorado, and the temps were so cold, I had to take a break every 45 mins because my hands were getting so stiff i could not operate the clutch or front brakes any longer....Brrrr..its for preventing the consequences of sweating... if u are talking about the leather gloves, then, they are for preventing your hand from being over strained during clutch activities...Bikers wear gloves so that they could have a grip over the handles and they can run more swiftly.i wrecked a BSA and went over the handlebars, slowed myself with my bare hands, before i hit a parked car, WILL NOT RIDE without them , it is equal to putting your hand against a grinder going at high speed,  nuff saidBike gloves aren't just for comfort - they also provide protection in case of a crash. The basic things to look for in a pair of gloves are protection, proper fit when your hands are hot and sweaty, When you fall your intial reactions are instinctive, such as putting out a hand to save your head. Gloves are a great help during freezing rain, hail and more soakings.Gloves are your best remedy against road rash.So please get yourself some easy protection.
basic ? ok. it goes up down side to side.You have very good answers already displayed so let me offer some levity.. . A friend who flew helicopters for the US Marine Corp told me a helicopter didn't really fly, he said it started shaking and the shaking kept getting worse until the Earth rejected it.http://www.start-flying.com/new%20site/heli1.htm. . A helicopter can do three things that an airplane cannot: . . A helicopter can fly backwards. . The entire aircraft can rotate in the air. . A helicopter can hover motionless in the air. . . To control a helicopter, one hand grasps a control called the cyclic, which controls the lateral direction of the helicopter (including forward, backward, left and right). The other hand grasps a control called the collective, which controls the up and down motion of the helicopter (and also controls engine speed). The pilot's feet rest on pedals that control the tail rotor, which allows the helicopter to rotate in either direction on its axis. It takes both hands and both feet to fly a helicopter! . . Special Capabilities of Helicopters. Helicopters have a number of unique abilities that airplanes do not have. Several of these capabilities are shown in the following videos (if you have a high-speed Internet connection, these videos are quick and fun to watch!). . The signature of a helicopter is its ability to hover over one point on the ground. While hovering, a helicopter can also spin on its axis so that the pilot can look in any direction. . . Another unique feature of a helicopter is its ability to fly backwards. A helicopter can also fly sideways just as easily. . . How Helicopters Fly. You can begin to understand how a helicopter flies by thinking about the abilities displayed in the previous section. Let's walk through the different abilities and see how they affect the design and the controls of a helicopter. . Thanks to Raleigh Helicopters!. I would like to express my gratitude to Glenn Brown, the president of Raleigh Helicopters, and Ellen Turcio, my pilot and the star of the videos shown in this article. Both were extremely helpful and went out of their way to assist me with this article. If you are in the Raleigh, NC, area and need helicopter services or instruction, you can reach Raleigh Helicopters at (919) 497-1870..  . Imagine that we would like to create a machine that can simply fly straight upward. Let's not even worry about getting back down for the moment -- up is all that matters. If you are going to provide the upward force with a wing, then the wing has to be in motion in order to create lift. Wings create lift by deflecting air downward and benefiting from the equal and opposite reaction that results (see How Airplanes Work for details -- the article contains a complete explanation of how wings produce lift). . . A rotary motion is the easiest way to keep a wing in continuous motion. So you can mount two or more wings on a central shaft and spin the shaft, much like the blades on a ceiling fan. The rotating wings of a helicopter are shaped just like the airfoils of an airplane wing, but generally the wings on a helicopter's rotor are narrow and thin because they must spin so quickly. The helicopter's rotating wing assembly is normally called the main rotor. If you give the main rotor wings a slight angle of attack on the shaft and spin the shaft, the wings start to develop lift. . . In order to spin the shaft with enough force to lift a human being and the vehicle, you need an engine of some sort. Reciprocating gasoline engines and gas turbine engines are the most common types. The engine's driveshaft can connect through a transmission to the main rotor shaft. This arrangement works really well until the moment the vehicle leaves the ground. At that moment, there is nothing to keep the engine (and therefore the body of the vehicle) from spinning just like the main rotor does. So, in the absence of anything to stop it, the body will spin in an opposite direction to the main rotor. To keep the body from spinning, you need to apply a force to it. . . The usual way to provide a force to the body of the vehicle is to attach another set of rotating wings to a long boom. These wings are known as the tail rotor. The tail rotor produces thrust jusheli is also known as rotocraft..... from it name, we can see that a helicopter fly by having moving wings unlike a fixed wing aircraft. Therefore the constantly moving blades generate the lift required by the heli....Very good Kirsty - but you are forgetting our Harrier.you have a hydraulic system, a transmission, a bunch of servos, actuators, flight control tubes, nuts, screws, a cyclic stick, a combining gearbox, a utility hyd system, oil cooler blowers and fans, pedals that are attached to more control tubes, that in turn attach to the tail rotor servo, elevators, a main rotor blade system,and a tail rotor blade system, scissor and swashplate assemblies, drive shafts, avionics components, a collective stick too... two big engines, or one big one, or some small ones, depends what kind of helo... then they all attach, and the pilots push some buttons, and then it shakes alot, then it wobbles as the big fan blade thingies start spinning faster and faster causing lift on the under side so that it causes a downward thrust airpocket that in turn lifts the a/c then the pilot will use the cyclic stick and the collective stick to move, lift and lower the aircraft depending on which direction he moves the cyclic stick in conjunction with the rudder pedals so that the servos that are attached to the control tubes that attach to those will tilt the blades, the aircraft doesn't tilt, the blades do... oh yea, and there's an elevator that will help raise and lower the amount of lift...In a helicopter, the engine spins the "wing" (called rotors) so that lift is generated whether the craft is moving or not.. . In an airplane, the engine moves the craft and the attached fixed wing through the air to create lift.The big blade is shaped so that when it cuts through the air it produces lift.  The surface on the bottom of the blade is flat but the surface of the top of the blade is rounded causing there to be more air pressure on the bottom.  Aircraft wings work on the same principle.  The rear blade keeps the copter going in the desired direction of flight.
Throttle body spacer, k&n, performance chips and tuners, supercharger, dual exhaust..... . As far as cheapness and "bolt on" power goes, I would get a tbs first ($80-125) average about a 15 hp gain, k&n($120-200) about another 15-20 hp, performance/dual exhaust ($200-1200) about 7-35 hp, Tuners and chips get expensive but you can expect larger gains in horsepower.  Superchargers get really expensive but can increase horsepower as much as 60 percent.Can you not buy an aftermarket chip?. Also change the pipes to tuned pipes, that normally grabs up to 8BHP more.. Gas flow the heads and ports. better still check with a tuning specialist, they will give you all the tweaks - legal and not :-)if you live in california be careful what you do to it or it may fail smog if you use non-CARB compliant parts.Chips!Trade it in for a Viper
1995 Escort is the same thing as a. 98 protegemy 98 escort zx2 has 98 mazda tranny.just installed it(or aamco did)
Take it to your fav. mechanic let them check it out it only cost 30.00. They will let you know if there is a problem,or just a recharge. Your system is a 134A not expensive.call a part store and see what type freon it uses. but u should see the stem somewhere located near the compressor...
Slats are small aerodynamic surfaces on the leading edge of an airplane wing which, when deployed, allow the wing to operate at a higher angle of attack. Lift is a product of angle of attack and speed, so by deploying slats an aircraft can fly slower or take off and land in a shorter distance. They are usually used while landing or performing manoeuvres which take the aircraft close to the stall, but are usually retracted in normal flight to minimise drag.Helpful in airplane balance in airIncreases lift which allows the plane to fly slower on takeoffs and landings.Slats are openings between the leading edge of a wing and the rest of the wing. In the most basic sense, what they do is allow the air to flow up through the slat and basically attach the airflow to the surface of the wing for a longer distance along the wing than would be possible without the slat. This increases the wings lifting capability when the aircraft is taking off.Slats allow the wing to operate at a higher angle of attack. Lift is a product of angle of attack and speed, so by deploying slats an aircraft can fly slower or take off and land in a shorter distance.Slats (on the leading edge of the of the wing) increase the curve of the wing and therefore, it's lift.The orignal ,nothing
Warped rotors is the most likely cause. Do you also feel some pulsing in the brake pedal?Something wrong with your brakes. Look at the last point "Vibration".Probably need to get your alignment checked.Means you need to have your brakes checked.  Bad rotors or pads will cause it to happen.need new brake pads...probably new rotors (at least on one side)...hurry up before you have to replace the shoes or worse!Its most likely that your rotors are warped, you can have a machine shop 'turn' for 5/10 bucks a piece, or replace the rotors. If replacement is the way you are going, its also good practice to replace the brake pads as well. This is the most likely cause for steering vibration when braking.
go to ure local mechanicsledge hammerYou REALLY need to tell us what car engine you are trying to tune.  Most modern vehicles would require only new plugs...if over 30 thousand miles and or new wires...can bet rather expensive.you can do it yourself, it's fairly easy... I'm sure you can find some info on the internet, or call an Auto place.. Or just it to an place that does it, and they'll do it for you.  Basically what you do is change the spark plugs, maybe the air filter, oil change, etc etc...
someone makes a coversion kit to put a 302 v8 in it.. I put an 89 3.8 supercharged v6 out of a thunderbird super coupe in mine and an automatic out of a Bronco II. I have conversion pictures if you might want to see them. It was a nice conversion and was faster than the 302v6 or v8? I've seen a 460ci motor put in a Ranger with that body style.perhaps an old jet engine,found on the wreckage of a crashed war plane in iraq...you know Iraq..`?..that place where everybody is fighting for the oil...you know oil ? that thing out of which gas is made out, who's price is going to further soar..and who will be drastically lacking one fine morning....?try a Boeing 787 jumbo jet engine.depends on how much money you have!! bigger isn't always better..a 302 roller motor out of a mustang or lincoln, would easily propel that ranger to the seat belt wont help speeds...oh ya, also put a 5sp in so it will be even more interesting...
Entry Permit is like permission to enter the country for 48 hours maximum without having visa of that country. It is given on the airport by immigration authority they will just put entry stamp on ur passport. sometime Airline people r arranging for u if u've connecting flight but u've to pay certain amount of money for that permit.It's like a visa, it lets you get into a country.  Some countires require more than a passport in order for you to travel there.  Check out the embassy of whatever country you are going to, or try searching for your country's embassy in the foreign country.  They should be able to give you all the info that you need.... . Hope that helped
sounds like a dead laser.  replace the radio.do you try to play "burnt" cd`s? Most if not all factory head units wont play those.cd player to a crap on ya get a new one!Yep. If you've had your CD player in the car for a while then it's most likely it decided to give up. Especially if it's a facty CD player.Is broke, throw it away and buy you an ALPINE stereo, they'r the best brand and would last forever.Could be that it overheated, or that the lends in dirty.  Try to shut it off for a while.  Beyond that, use a CD Lens cleaner... the DRY type.The problem is most likley to be that the laser eye that reads the cd has gone out. you could try to clean it, but if it isnt letting you put CDs in, then you should think about changing the cd player.I would be glad to tell you, but I can't see it from here.First, try playing a regular, store bought CD instead of one you may have downloaded and made yourself. A lot of times the formatting used on these is not compatible. If the CD still won't play, try a CD lens cleaner kit as you may have build-up on the laser eye. If none of the above works, you likely need a new CD player. Professionally speaking, I would look into either Pioneer or Alpine as they provide some of the best features for the price.Get a new CD-player baby Sony, Alpine the best you can get a nice one for less than $150.Yes it sounds as though the Laser has burnt out.  Or... as someone else has suggested, if you are playing home burnt CD on there is will not like it, and stop playing.
get certified through schoolDoubt you need a license,  just a sales tax and whatever is required for retailing.All you need is a business license and a Tax ID number. This will allow you to not only open a business, but to purchase products wholesale direct from manufacturers.
This Sounds Like A Fuel Filter Problem Time To Change It. On Most Vehicles They Are Pretty Easy To Do.there could be a lot of problems. check the tpi. throttle positioning sensor. or fuel filter, umm air filter.1. try some carberator spray.. 2. if you know about cars. see if the choke sticks,. if it does find a way to undo it
There might be some water (condensation) in your gas tank.. There are additives that will remove the water, if any.. Otherwise, you might have a failing fuel filter.maybe you need a new fuel filter
it is the little piece of paper the clerk gives you when you buy plates. will have your name,address, and all of the cars info on it. vin# etcIt is a way for government to tax and track ownership of vehicles.Vehicle registration is recorded at your local county courthouse. It's to verify that you indeed own the vehicle, also to create a database for taxes.Vehicle registration is a listing with the state you have your car in.  I gives them a record of who owns the car, the VIN (vehicle identification number) what the license plate number assigned to the car is.  Make and model of the car.Nothing more than a tax, pure and simple.You have to have your vehicle registered with the state to license it or sell it or whatever.Government paperwork for your vehicle to show the current fees have been paid.the card that you get when you purchase your tags for your car.
internetcall them and ask if they have an email address. maybe they don'tYou could type the name of the business in Google and search for it that way.
E2 HAVE PORT INJ. AND THE E3 HAS FUEL INJ.===THE DIFF IS THE EURO HAS MORE HP AND IS AFUELED ENGthe engines are similar. Euro engines simply means it meet European Emission Regulation, kinda like California's own emission regulation.It's to do with European regulations on engine emissions.. See http://www.dieselnet.com/standards/eu/hd.php
Yes, contact the DMV.  Bring all your paperwork.You should have gotten a title when you registered you car when you bought it and it should be in your glovebox to show to the cops when you get pulled over.. . You should contact your DMV and they'll let you know what you have to do.  I wouldn't think you'd need a new title, just to make sure that the lein is taken off your car.if u paid off your car you should have letter from financial company says this car been paid off and take that to dmv and get title but on title it may say lien.so if says lien submit that proof of paid off. and apply for new title
well it can be done , support vehicle up at least two three feet in on the ground, remove motor mount bolts , remove radiator and fan shroud use floor jack with wood under pan in a good spot jack motor as high as you can put wood between the mounts and the frame that was holding the mount lower jack remove cross support remove pan bolts , first drain the oil LOL. and it will come off just did one for a Friend, u need a fair amount of tools and a fare amount a mechanical ability good luck, if in doubt take to a shophave to loosen motor mounts and take one all the way out so you can get engine high enough to slide new pan catch and the make sure you put mtor mounts back securely.i dont think its possible but try just jacking the engine up far enough to slide the oilpan forward
Glow plugs are used in diesel engines to preheat the combustion chamber before starting the engine.  They work just like a heating element on your stove.glow plugs warm up the air in your cylinders before starting the engine during cold start they are usually in next to the injectors
Sorry! Man that must suck I guess whoever it is that is doubting you just needs some proof or assurance thats a tuff one though. You definentley have some skills and they should definetely be apreciated and you should be respected.. maybe you could help me with my turbo charger question its posted on here.when the two of you are with friends and the guys start to talk about cars join in and give them a lesion on auto mechanics that should open your boyfriends eyesAsk him to help you, then show him up under the hood. . . Good Luck! . . Cheers!hey maybe if u use the spell check .... rebuilt ....if u can't spell how u going to fix a carAnd let me guess, you did all the machine work at 9?  Paid for all the parts?  Dude, I am not trying to rag on you, but you cant even spell rebuilt.&#92;who is he? and forget him.
Take it to the dealer to change the code.  Be able to show proof of ownership.Unfortunately , you're going to have to go to the dealer . They should be able to hook you right up .Another way is to look through the cars owners manual and paper work , sometimes people write it down in there ,last ,spend the time by proccess if elimination entering random 5 digit codes.if i not mistake there a code reading on the lock modulate under dash, kick panel on pass. sidetry pressing the last 2 nubers on the strip at the same time that usually works on most cars
Because there are a lot of people who miss or cancel their flights, and flying with empty seats is lost money. Airlines try to get at close to 100% as possible, even though it sometimes mean they get it wrong.  Since most of them are barely profitable, you can hardly blame them.Incase Someone decides not to show up?They don't overbook intentionally.It is just that sometimes when many unconfirmed bookings turn up for the flight then the problem of overbooking arises.Most airlines use things like class upgrades etc,. and solve this problem.BECAUSE THEY EXPECT THAT 2 % OF THEM WILL NOT TURN UP. AS IT HAS BEEN SHOWN BY RESARCHESThey expect some people not to make it.Because there are always "no-shows".  It is less expensive to put a few people on other flights (and give compliment lunches or whatever) than it is to have five emply seats if they didn't overbook.  Get it?For the same reasons all doctors do; the almighty dollar.Just in case someone dosn't turn up,they've still got the cash ,if everyone turns up it,s tough luck for some.because of the high number of passengers who don't usually show up for their booked flights...they either sleep in...misconnect off another aircraft or whatevermoney, money, money. . depending on the forecast the airline is using it might be cheaper to bump a passenger than to fly with an empty seat.Airlines overbook because they expect a certain percentage of passengers to either not show up or have a change in plans.  But there are a few airlines who do not overbook.  I know JetBlue does not.
Brokerage requires a licenses. Have you considered becoming an agent?Go to Illinois.  Buy trucks and start selling them.  now you are a truck broker.
in town you wear out your trans. alot faster,pluse you will have to service it more often for fluid changes and filter changes.Overdrive is basically a low ratio gear...for highway driving.. . Pros include lower rpms, which in turn provide less wear on the engine, and better economy.. . Cons are if you are on a road with lot's of hills, or pulling a load, it will shift up and down too frequently...Not knowing if this a pick-up truck are not I would say never tow a load with the overdrive on--This is a general rule not a command--read your owners manual it will tell you the truth--most of the time--The over drive rule applies because of the extra heat created by towed load in the trany--walterevans  This may be fixed by extra cooling of the trany oil--ths easy,  use it only for  hiway ( freeway ) crusising speeds. its  not for city driving  or local  jaunts ~
If you use 5 quarts, you can't go wrong. Pour some in the oil filter before installing it.Read the Owners Manual! It tells you in there what you should use and how much!!the owners manual should have a list of capacities. it might even tell you the capacities with oil filter change and without oil filter changecall the local dealer they will know.  make sure you know the engine size before you call.
the best advice is to go to the libary and find the chilton . auto repair books they tell you how to do things step by step3.8 motors are tuff. the alt. if its on top front thats not bad .always disconect the bat. 15 mm socket 13 mm socket 10 mm these should be the sizes you need .use a serpenteen wrench to remove the belt.if its under and towed the firewall you might want to have that done by a shop.90.00 to 130. is about the cost for a new alt . plus 2 hours lab. good luck
Why dont you fix it right, and replace the relay, and or the computer fan switch the temp. switch. 1 of the 3 are not working. Have them checked out before you burn up the fan motor.That's ok if you or any other drivers never forget anything.  If you are having real problems with your wiring you might think about getting a 30 amp relay and hooking to your fan and hook the primary coil to your ignition so it will kick on everytime you turn on the key.  Don't try to run itstraight as it draws too many amps and would melt down your system if not careful.  One side of the relay goes to the hot post and the other to the fan.  Then on the coil side of the relay one wire attaches to ground and the other to your ignition.  When your key is turned on it energizes the coil, letting magnetism pull the contacts together, thus closing the connection and giving your fan power.  Cheap, quick, and relatively easy to do.
An aftermarket gas cap lock should have a code number on it to order a new key for it.. If not, your screwed... Run the vehicle until its on empty and drill out the lock.. hopefully you will learn to not lose your keys in the future.very carefull...I pumped gas years ago. If you have the old-style key lock, pull up with your hand until the cap clicks/snaps (don't go crazy here). While still in an upwards pull, you Should be able to spin the sucker off.. . Hope this helped!i have used a flat screwdriver to pop out the lock. the cap will usually unscrew then
F@ck All The Playa Haters Rap Is The Best. . BoNe ThUgZ 4 EvA!!!!!!!hey I like rap, and I am an educated black man working on 2 associates. Rap degrades you if you allow it to. I like it b/c it helps me get in the groove and get my work done a whole lot faster.Actually, a lot of people like rap. Me, I don't because it's talentless rhymes babbled to a MIDI track, not really considered music in my book.because it mostly of low moral value, and 80% of the time, you can't understand what is being said.it is because you dont like it?I like RAP!!!Rap is a genre of music that tends to promote the degredation of black people. The artists lack any real muscial talent, the lyrics are vile and speak mostly of sex, drugs, or gang violence, the music videos depict nearly-naked women in seductive attire while dancing provactively--shall I go on? This is what BET chooses to air all day long, and this is what young black children all over the nation are constantly exposed to: this ignorant, crass, vile, and degrading music that's broadcasted as "entertainment". I can't stand it. Songs like "It's hard out there for a pimp" or "I'm in love with a stripper"--are absolutely offensive and disgusting to me. How are we supposed to promote better standards of living and working for African Americans if our TV role model is 50 cent and  Snoop Dogg?i like RAP you think i am not a peopledid you know that there is actually a silent C at the start of the wordU askin why people don't like RAP. Dey wanna disrespect it and dey call it CRAP. .  Could it be it's cause it's music dat I don't write. or dat I don't sing a note, dat makes it not right. .  Could it be cause I talk bout is Rock-Slingin. Or bout all my shiz-nit bling-blingin. .  Or da be-otches and da hoes up in da hizzy. or da Dom Perignon I got dat fizzy. .  Could it be cause I RAP and I don't Rock. While I'm TALKIN on da stage and rubbin my C*ck. .  When it all boils down it's real easy. like da way I like my fries Chili Cheezy. .  Don't matter what da day or da season. People don't the like RAP fo da same reason. . Dey don't like Brussels sprouts or lifeless f*cks. Cause just like bof of dem RAP sucks !Cos its CRAP!The "vocals" are not vocals. They are the same tone over and over and over and over and over again. . . Most rap has sort of music behind it or blatently steals other peoples music and chops up really good songs. The record spinning thing is cute a couple times but after that it gets old. The tearing up of good music pains the soul. I don't even like Rap Metal even though it usually has origional and sometimes very good music behind it. 15 years of hearing that same tired vocal line time after time has given me an instant dislike to anything that is close to it.  If they keys, phrasings and timings changed that would be cool. They don't. Rap became by deffiniton monotonal and to be rap rather than talking you have to put the same tired inflections into every song. If not it'll be considered talking or singing. . . Listening to rap is musician's hell. I'd rather listen to Polka or C/W two music forms I hate than listen to Rap.lets see.... its not singing, its just talking really fast, no talent at all, who gives a crap about it, and the most of all... it sucks!There are plenty of people that like rap but rap has gotten so corny & stupid these days its HARD to actually appreciate it. There were times when being called a 'sucka' in a song was a huge diss. Now, u a 'sucka' if you aint talking about killing people, banging hoes, & gettin money illegally.because they just talk really fast and its so repetitive....all they talk about is sex and booty. rap never has any meaningful songs
70 or so years ago the Bentley was more of a sporting car.  Today it is more a badge engineered car....same as Rolls except the names and a few trim items are different.  It still has a bit of its "swagger" status due to its early tried and true reputation.the samebasically the same vehicle, the only visible difference. is the grill and badges,so take your pick between a square grill or a round one.the mechanics come from the same shop.
I have a friend who knows because she was going to purchase one I heard they are extremely expensive though.You need to go to the Texas Department of Transportaion and get a dealers license. Then you have to have a bank to draft on to buy at an auction. They will not just take an individuals check there. It is not easy. In order to get the license you have to have a place to keep your cars with a retail location. It is not liike you can keep them at your house. Good luck.You need to have a dealer's license or be a representative/emplyed by a licensed dealer.. . The rules for dealer licenses vary by state. I included a link from NIADA (National Independant Auto Dealers Association) that summarizes the rules and contact number for each state.
I have to concur with "guardrailjim", as the term Blueprinting more often referred to rebuilding an engine to closer specs/tolerances than when originally manufactured from the factory.  It's a way that racers have of getting the most power and life from their engine, by eliminating any problems before they start because of loose build specs.. Any motor can be blueprinted this way, just by rebuilding it to closer- and more precise tolerances, thusly eliminating variances that often occur with multi cylinder motors. Although even single cylinders engines benefit from more precision when fitting parts together.Get some blue paper and some white ink and start drawing!pencils, paper, drafting table and a good drafting coarse....I haven't heard that term in a long time. You might get more answers in the "Cars & Transportation" section. Drag racers and funny car racers blue print their engins.
Do you know if they had to remove any heat shields.  Lose heat shields are the most common culprits of unknown rattles.I would bring it to a mechnic because one of the pulleys may be going bad or the belts might be over tighted.
battery to horn switch to hornGROUND THE HORN ON A GOOD PAINT FREE SPOT & 1 WIRE FROM THE + SIDE OF BATT TO A SWITCH THEN TO THE HORN IF YOU FIND THIS HARD? GO TO A BOAT STORE AND GET A  AIR CAN HORN V/LOUD!!!
Usually instructions come on the box. I have 1999 Audi too! I got my fuel filter at Autobarn, parts department. It is under car near fuel tank and fairly accessable.dont know...sorry..
there are two types of wheelies, a power wheelie, that eventually gives out with the power, and a balnce wheelie, once you learn that you can ride until you run out of gas or raod, in any gear or speed. just take s alot more practice. keep leaning it back until you can just barely have to use the trottle to keep it up. almost at the tip over point.Its all about balance, you are going to have to keep trying until you find your balance point. Its really a combination of your body position on the bike, the torque of the rear wheel (controlled by the throttle) and any outside forces such as wind or incline. . . Once you get it you will wonder why you ever had trouble with it in the first place.keep hittin the gasFine balance between balance, weight distribution, speed and break.  Start small and get the feel.  And for God's sake wear protective gear!
Depends on the make and year of the car. Some are cable driven, usually a carb. adjustment, cable, clip, or possibly the cable feel out of the bracket. Newer cars with electronic shitt, there are modules etc.. which need to be diagnosed.Low transmission fluid could be your reason for not having passing gear. Another thing may be your filter is clogged inside the trans. Sometimes you have to really stomp down on the gas peddle to get it to go into passing gear.One other thing could be the vaccuum modulator could be defective or have a leak in the vaccuum line going to it, from the carb.There's something wrong with itIt could be a linkage problem, or an electrical one. What year/make would help the answer.It means a visit to the mechanic, immediately.  . . You'd hate for your transmission to fail while attempting a left turn...the part in you transmission that allows the gears to change in not working.that means ur transmission is fucked and you need a new one, its not letting you shift gears,Not enough information about the vehicle yr,make,model.Check your linkage connections the kickdown rod or cable may have came off or may be stretched or broken(depends on how much it is used).It also depends on linkage design in general.It may just need an adjustment of a cable or rod.but if it has electronic shift control (usualy built into the transmission's themselves they read off engine vaccume and engine sensors ).. . If the transmission is shifting all gears propper except for . downshifting a gear to add power to pass .take it in for an adjustment (if you have no experience at linkage adjustment or the like this is best to be done at a trans shop).They all do adjustments as well as repairs .Take a mechanic for a ride tell the person how long this has been going on .pooooooooooooooopGEEZ...gotta love it when they can't even tell you what kind of car..... Older cars used a "kickdown cable", newer ones are electrically controlled.....answer your question?you need to take it to AAMCO.
Personally I would not go the route you're going.  Getting plates is a pain in the neck if you're not the one on the title.  Have her go to the DMV/ secretary of state/ whatever you call it and get the plates for it, since it's still her car until the title is in your name.First you guys have to make sure you write down in wrting everything you said you are going to do with the car and sign an agreement. You then go to the department of transportation to get your plates in your name. You will need your driver's licence and the title. It might be easier for your friend to go with you to the place to get that set up.go to a lawyer. make sure everything is in black and white and understood by both parties.Make sure everything yous said is in a contract that way thers no misunderstanding, that can ruin the frienship. Have your friend keep tha plates on until ur done paying then change the title over to ur name.U will need your license and about 250$, and of course the title singed by your friend in the right spot good luck kid.
A knock senor adjusts timing and carbs to eliminate knocks.  If your engine is knocking, you eiher need to up your gasoline grade, or check the timing.. . A knocking engine is actually exploding the gas, rather than just burning it evenly.  If the sensor goes bad, SERIOUS engine damage can occur (like burning up pistons and such)Not sure about is having anything to do with starting, unless it wont start due to the computer sensing that it's faulty. I think a knock sensor is there to sense pinging or detonation of the combustion process. when it senses this it will retard the ignition timing. retarding the timing will stop the pinging, but also slightly reduce power.
If you're talking about the lines that run to the radiator for cooling, don't worry. It wont hurt to get air in there.. The air will come out and be replaced with more oil.I agree with "misfit", it won't matter, it will work it self outIt don't make any difference the air well work it's self out when the engine is started again. Just let it warm up before you put it in gear. It's good to work the transmission through all the gears just to make sure, and don't forget to top off the fluid when you finish.Try using a wrench. If it is in a tight space try going back to the dealer and have them do the repair.
Cubic feet per minute.. . Used to rate carburetor airflow into engines.  A 650 cfm carb for a 350 and a 850 cfm carb for a 454CFM in web technology is COLD FUSION PAGES. These are server side pages and this technology is from MACROMEDIA.. . Cheers!. Krishnam
you have to take off the seat and gas tank. to fill it, it is under the tank.. if it is the same as the c50 which im pretty sure it is.R.T.F.O.M.
to hotwire is illegal...even if you own the vehicleNo way to do it without causing damage.  Even if you managed to splice a hot wire to the starter and turned it over, the column will still be locked.  Since they don't have security keys, you would have to break the column and then stick a screwdriver in it to turn the switch.  . . Take the bus or call a cab.  It will be cheaper in the end.  Make sure it duplicate your keys to prevent future issues!screwdriver in the console and turn it will break the ignition but u won't get firedYou can't hot wire the truck.  It has an anti theft device that shuts off the fuel pump.  Take you registration to the nearest GMC/Chevrolet dealer and they can make you a new key by looking up the VIN.  I had to do this for my '98 Suburban and I was only charged $2.00 and tax for a key blank.
its the rca cable jacks that come out of the cd player to connect the cables to the ampthe subwoofer pre amp output is used to connect the stereo to a remote located amplifier to power seperate subwoofers, this output sends out only the bass signal from the stereo. This makes for a cleaner sounding system.
It should have come with a template if you bought it aftermarket, if you did not, its probably gonna be by eye.  And yes, you do have to drill into the hood.You might want to check with your local junk yard. It might be easier to just buy a Mustang GT hood instead of drilling holes into your existing hood. That way if you don't like it you can just put the original hood back on.Yes, but why put it on there if it's not functional?IT may look "cool" but if you're not going to beef it up with ram air or similar speed enhancements (which will rob your fuel milage) but be fun.Thats all the scvoop will do without the fun.
You could have a bad ground, or a bad amp. My guess is that it is a bad amp. I  would go over to a car audio shop like best buy and get it tested they will hook it up to the wall.Sounds like it may be going into protection. Either due to incorrect wiring to the speakers, overheating, or not enough voltage for the amplifier to operate. Check the color of the power light - typically, green is go and red means there is a problem somewhere.
because the smart people have a designated driver that drives the drunk to the bar and home, also the employees need a place to park, some where for the taxi's to pull in to...When one drunk, one can sleep in one's own car.   Therefore one of the reasons that bars provide parking lots is for the safety of those drunkens.Because it's possible to go out to a bar without getting drunk. It's called self control.To park cars in, of course. Nobody says you have to go to a bar and get drunk,but if you do , you don't have to drive. Why must we pass laws or give someone else the responsiblity to to make sure we do the right thing?So you have a safe place to leave your car when you take the taxi home!I've often wondered the same thing... probably intended to have designated drivers... but ya know, some people go to socialize, and don't drink anything at all... I'd recommend a bar rule making people leave their keys with the Bar tender, and having to pass a test in order to get your keys back...Just because you go to the bar doesn't mean you're going to leave hammered.  I often hang out at the bar for a few hours and have a couple of beers and I'm fine to drive.  It's the people who aren"t responsible that you have to worry about.for customer use only and some of them go by the groups.so bars need parking.
Abbreviation for "Container Freight Station." A shipping dock where cargo is loaded ("stuffed") into or unloaded ("stripped") from containers. Generally, this involves less than containerload shipments, although small shipments destined to same consignee are often consolidated. Container reloading from/to rail or motor carrier equipment is a typical activity.i guess you mean the term , cfr , . which means , cost freight , . that means , the buyer has to bears the cost of freight from port of lading to port of destination , discharge,
its the displacement where old engines were sold based on cubic inches ie a chevy 350 had threehundredfifty cubic inches of diplacement now a days the metric system has won so it uses liters like a jeep has a 4.0 liter.. your avrage size of a  standard sedan with 4 cylinder engine is 1.6 on the small car side.. and 3.4 to 6.0 to the bigger cars..It has to do with the volume displaced by the cylinders.  The more volume the more power potental the motor has.  In the older motors it was mesured in Cubic Inches.  A Ford 5.0 is the same as a 302 cid.displacementthe capacity of the cylinders combinedThe numbers are referring to displacement.  The difference in volume between when each piston is at the top and bottom of each stroke multiplied by the number of cylinders in the engine.  In simpler terms it is the space in the engine where the explosions take place.  More space = larger explosions=more power.they are both engine sizes the bigger the number the bigger the engine.So in this case the 2.7 liter engine is bigger than the 2.4 liter engine.
I am a title clerk at a new car dealership,so I may know the answer.  But you did not ask a specific question.....your state is
plastic bags! never heardUrban myth . Keeps them clean . but makes them useless for cleaning the window.. A pointless exercisesIn very cold conditions wiper blades can freeze and stick to the glass. Putting a plastic bag over them will stop this, but remember to remove them before driving off !. It works really well for any car window as well. Use a refuse bag and stick it on a wet or damp window. Then in the morning when everything is iced up, just peel off the bag. No need to de-ice.
On older cars it's really pretty easy, you can do it with a coat hanger.  Newer cars with electronic locks are more difficult and you are more likely going to screw up the lock rather than gain entry.a professonal can do it  in less 10 min.... . for you . well if you have some cash you can call someone. . depend on what type of car you got. usually wire hanger do the trickIf it's a fairly new car and it's yours, take the registration papers to the dealership. The parts counter can make a new key by looking up the VIN number.  If it's an older car, call a locksmith and watch how he does it.  I will not advocate breaking a window, and you didn't tell us what kind of car it is, so I'm wishing you luck.have you tried a locksmith that might be your best bet.Yes i can but i don't think i should mess around with Dads cara ball bat to the side window does the trickCall the cops. They can help you. Theyll bring over a slimjim and open your car through the window. Good luck.
The 03 Pathfinder was the last year they made them in Japan before moving them to Tennessee. They're a little bit smaller than the new ones, but they drive great and are very dependable.It's fine. Thanks for asking. And how are you?. . . Splooch!
Just like that of a manual transmission, the automatic transmission's primary job is to allow the engine to operate in its narrow range of speeds while providing a wide range of output speeds. . So the transmission uses gears to make more effective use of the engine's torque, and to keep the engine operating at an appropriate speed.It works very luch like the automatic mode you find in programmable camera. When it is in the overdrive mode, the transmission chooses the optimal gear ratios to use so that the car can run most efficiently.If you're familiar with a planitary gear set then you can visualize this:  The center gear(sun gear)is held stationary via a clutch pack.  The engine then spins the planets.  The output is acually the ring gear of the set.  It's like if you have a round pen and you sandwich the pen between your hand and a table.  Turn the pen in a direction(doesn't matter which direction).  You'll see that the distance covered by your hand will be more than the distance covered by the pen on the table.  Same difference in a transmission only it's in a circle and not linear.Go to www.auto.howstuffworks.com/automatic-transmission
Look on back of the SC, thats where the gears are.There should be a plug about half way up to check it.Thats where the oil level should be.If none runs out when you remove it, it could be a bit low. Get the proper lubricant from a GM dealer if you need to add.u dont add oil to the supercharger it works off of air/fuel mixture.need to be more specificuse the dipstick. it will show your where the oil is supposed to be. and it will have a pic on the place where your supposed to put it in. it will be right beside it.very carefully
if there is gas it is leaking in to the engine, either from passing by the rings or a gasket leak from where the fuels comes into the intake in block.Allmost 100% sure the problem initiates witrh your fuel tap at the gas tank.. This is vaccuum operated, with a bypass position, or prime position.  If the tap is left in 'prime', or if the tap is faulty, then fuel will gravity flow to the carbs constantly.. . This brings up problem #2.  Either you are leaving the bike on the side stand and the float bowls are jamming or your needle and seats are worn wich leaves an open path for the fuel to keep flowing.  It should flow out of the carb bowl overflows, via tubes to the ground.   But most likely it is just flowing thru the inlet manifolds into the combustion chamber on one or more cylinders.. . Even if your rings are in good condition the fuel will seep past into the crankcase, and there you have it.   Gas in your oil.. . FIX THIS IMMEDIATELY.   Apart from diluting your oil and destroying its lubricating properties, the gas is washing the oil from the bore as it seeps down.. . This means NO lube on start up.    Major damage will result.. . Hope this helps.your putting it in the wrong hole.. . your flotes probably got stuck, and fuel leaked past your rings. always turn your petcock of when you get off your bike.You have a leaky gasket.Because it's not a HD
ABS = Anti-lock Breaking System.Anti lock brakes system, Electronic power steering, and Elapsed brake disks? maybe
There are some good answers above. According to a flight attendant friend of mine, the most important reason is because if there is a crash, and the passengers need to use an emergency exit, they need to be able to see what is on the other side of the door. Fire or debris may be blocking the exit.  Leaving the shades up lets everyone see outside their exit, ensuring their chosen exit is a safe way to get out.Yo.."shields" are spelt wrongly there. It's window shades by the way, not shields.. . It's pretty obvious that it would be for safety reasons isn't it? While I don't know what is the true rationale as laid down by the FAA, I can make some guesses.. . It is probably so that in the event of a crash and the passengers are stuck within the fuselage, rescue workers can try to break the perspex windows to extract people as well as to assess the situation on the inside from the outside. Afterall, perspex is easier to break than window shades isn't it?In addition to the blinds being up, the cabin crew also dim the lights when its darker outside. This is so everyone's eyes become accustomed to the level of light outside.. . If the lights were left on during a night takeoff and there was a sudden evacuation of the aircraft, valuable seconds would be wasted by your eyes having to adjust to the darkness outside.. . Similarily, if it were daylight outside and the blinds were down for takeoff and the lights were switched off, all the passengers would be dazzled (wasting valuable time) by "light blindness" in the event of a sudden evacuation.they make you put the shields up during landing in case their is an emergency during landing.  If there is, they want all passengers' eyes to be adjusted to the sunlight or outside light so that they can see when evacuating.  This is the same effect when you leave a movie theatre on a sunny afternoon, when you walk outside it takes you a few minutes to adjust - this would not be good if you're evacuating a crowded plane.  Make sense?
You can get the motors from the Ford dealer to replace them if the motors are bad... I don't recommend a junkyard electric seat track cause it could be as bad as what you are pulling out (I'm talking about it might have bum motors also). . Swapping a bottom track assy for one from a manual seat is pretty easy with just about 4-6 bolts but look for 96-99 models for the tracks.. and maybe get the covers that match also so you don't have switches being there for nothingDoubtfull, I have never heard of a manual conversion kit. That doesn't mean one doesn't exhist.your seat will unbolt from the motor part and as already. said bolt seat to a used lower part, junk yards are. full of them.  and it does not necessarly have to be. from the same model of car,  ford may only have one or. two different styles, and usually only one style.You can buy the assembly at a junkyard and put it in.  You would have to remove the seat from the track and put the manual stuff in, but I would just buy the used motors or whole setup.
Overdrive actually lowers the gear ratio.  It is like having an extra gear.  The premise of it is that it lowers your RPMs, therefore giving you better gas mileage.Gives you a higher gear ratio, reducing drag on the engine and improving gas mileage.Your car doesn't need all the power your engine has to keep it going once your car is up to speed on the highway. The overdrive allows your engine to run in a range of power that is lower in RPM's but still have enough to keep it going at a constant speed on a level road. Once you get to a hill, your overdrive will change to a lower ratio to have the extra power to get up the hill without slowing down from the extra load.Def, improves your gas mileage, but if you've ever noticed, when you turn it on, your RPM's go down, that's for fuel effiency, it really only helps on long distance or freeway or those long winding country roads. =). You'll also notice your pick up (coming from a stop) is a bit slower as well
if you are talking about electrical power, check the alternator for amp output.  if you mean engine power, your fuel filter could be clogged or your electric fuel pump could be on it's way out.Sounds like the alternator may be bad. Also check to see if the alternator belt is too loose.There are two main power sources..1.the batt and 2.the alternator, that what might be loosing power,it will still run since its driven by a belt but the fact that your battery is charged means its gonna drain your battery of power,fix one before you end up having to fix 2!!!!any auto store should be able to test the alternator for you.good luck
mail in. there should be an address on the ticketYou just mail the payment to wherever you got the ticket. It should have the information on the courtesy notice you received when you got pulled over. You might as well just pay and get it off of your record
If the light comes on, there is something wrong and you need to take it to a shop, once the problem is repaired they will go off by itself.It's me again!  It should go off when you restart the engine.  Maybe take the electrode things off the battery for 5 mins then put them back on and start it?You can reset the light by pulling the EFI fuse under the hood, and reinserting it. (this is basically resetting the ECU, same as unhooking the battery, without having to reset all the other stuff like your radio buttons, alarm system, etc.) If you have an automatic transmission, your ECU will have to start over relearning your driving habits so your gas mileage may suffer for a month or so.disconnect the battery for five minutes.start the car and then shut it off. push on the odometer button when it flashes zeros turn the key again while still holding down the od. button.  It is in the manual as well. It is a reminder for you to have your oil checked//Pulling the EFI fuse for about one minute will reset most Toyotas. This fuse is in the engine compartment fuse box. If the vehicle is an 04' or newer, this will not work. Codes must be read/cleared with a scan tool and a CAN adaptor (controller area network)Have it scanned, find out what it is, disconnect the positive battery cable on the battery(please make sure if someone else is doing the fixing that they do this),THEN fix the problem. Once fixed, replace the pos. battery cable to the battery, start the car and the light shouldn't come on.
Actually, many manufacturers of cars and bikes recommend 87-89 octane due to many factors including spark plug selection. If you run higher octane, use a "hotter" plug to burn off the all the combustable gasses, or you can risk fouling the plugs and building carbon crowns on your pistons which can cause pre-ignition and explosive detonation of your engine if conditions are right. That is why you should always read the manual (RTFM) and ensure you are doing what the manufacturer's engineers intended.There is no reason that you can not use Premium gasoline in the engine. As connor2003 points out Premium is not as easy to ignite as regular. And unless the Honda Shadow 750cc is a high compression engine you will not gain anything by using Premium except wasting money.Premium gas has higher octane and is LESS flammable who told you it was dangerous? Maybe they told you not to put it in because it would out preform your car.That's BS. Premium is not bad for any vehicle. You should follow the owners manual or dealer recommendation. If you don't need premium, you are wasting money though.I have an 1984 Shadow 700 that now has 125,000 miles on it. In the past 22 years I have not filled the tank more than five times with anything but premium gas. I run nothing but premium in my Harleys and in my custom chopper.I agree with the above. Premium will only benefit you if you have a high compression engine. If the Manual says use regular, Premium is a wasting $$$.
Contact a Ford dealership or an older Chilton's or Motor Age Manual.  Any auto parts retailer should be able to help, also.Any ford dealer will be able to help you!CARFAX Reports on older vehicles? . . Question . Why can I not obtain a CARFAX Report on vehicles made before 1981? . . Answer . We are unable to provide you with vehicle history information for vehicles manufactured prior to 1981, when the 17 character VIN became standard. The 17 character VIN is the code that is used to access CARFAX’s vehicle history information database.. . To our knowledge there are no sources from whom pre-1981 vehicle history information is available readily. You could try to contact vehicle-specific clubs or groups focused on older vehicles.
they usually throw out stupid sailors tied to a line, and tell them to walk on the bottom and stop the ship that wayThey have something called an anchor and it looks like this huge hook thing hanging on a chain. It is very heavy and they throw it in the water to hold the ship in place.A ship can stop or slow down by reversing the prop shaft in the opposite direction.In order to slow down or stop, a ship activates reverse thrust on the propeller.The propeller spins the opposite way to forward thrust, like putting a car in reverse gearNo Silly! Just Reverse!wowThey use drum brakes.  Make sure to contact a mechanic if you hear a squeek.No they don't exactly have brakes like a car does, but they do have mechanisms that function as brakes.Watch the movie Titanic.It is impossible for a ship to have breaks equivalent to that of a car however they do have a number of ways of slowing the boat down:1. Putting the boat in reverse when moving forward. 2. Dropping an anchor until it snags (only possible if shallow enough and very slow) 3. If sailing, the sails can be backed providing a braking effect. 4. Any form of drag in the water will slow the boat down aswell
Turn on the Head Lights and see if they work. Blow the Horn listen if it sound correct.No spark, no sound...it's dead, but get it tested if you're not sure.. . Clicking sound, wants to turn over but can't: starter or alternator, most likely.You need your car tested for either a bad battery...alternator or broken belt.....that is of course you didn't leave the headlights on to drain the battery.. . Good LuckTURN YOUR LIGHTS ON AND CRANK THE ENGINE LIGHTS WILL DIEcheck headlights to see if they are bright. get a jump to get the car started, or use a charger to start it. .   after you get it started, take the positive cable off battery (with car running). if it dies you need an alternator, .    if your alternator is bad the car will use the battery to power the ignition, after you drain battery the car will die..    if it stays running, then alternator is good. your car supposed to use the power generated from alternator for everything and ignition, this saves your battery for start-up. this usually means if your alternator is good, and you still have problems with your battery going dead, then you need a new battery. you got a dead cell in it..    if your battery is four years old then consider that you got your moneys worth out of it.check your engine or pep boys autobattery is dead if your car won't even make a sound.  also check if headlights are dimmed.
remove carter key unloosen nut, and use a crows foot and remove the ball from the joint. You may have to hit it a few time to get the crows foot between the space to break it loose. Daddy is a mechanicwith a pickel fork from the parts storetake it to a professional, you'll problem hurt your self because you don't know what your doing...I do this for a living and own my own shop, guy's like you call me all the time, they try and fix it screw it up, bring it to me (now on a tow truck) and i can now charge you more to fix the problem and the bigger problem that you have caused..AND ALL YOU GUYS & GIRLS LIKE THAT I SAY THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Friend . . Kindly visit http://www.car-stuff.com/mmparts/dodge-daytona/ball_joint.html. and get a detailed answer .. . Kindly rate my answer as the best .. . Thks. gupta_calGet below the van, there it uses to come with a big armed body that is plugged to the chassis in the back of the truck, if yours is like that you will just need a big tool with the correct matching head and pulled it out... it is just like that... I don´t know if 91´s is like that but must be mine was 98 i think... and it works, hope it works as well...with mechanical knowledge, the right tools and skillvisectomy1991 Dodge Caravan?  Chances are the lower ball joint has already fallen off, a long time ago!
Look it up on the Internet. try searching the web with head bolt torque f250 dieselyou should get a manual from your local auto parts store. they are fairly cheap. some stores will give the torque for free (autozone).are you looking for the torque spec?go to the ford dealer to rder it. and if the part is not discontinued you should be able to get it.
As said, it is meant as "heard/received loud and clear" - and although that phrase isn't used any more, there is a derivative - usually a pilot or ATC request a radio check and the other party involved will reply with "reading you __" - that blank will be a number from 1 - 5. 5 means you are reading clearly, while down to one will be unreadable - which isn't usually a response to a request but given as advice!It means you've been watching too many old WWII movies!  No one I know uses that terminology any more.never heard of that term before and i have bben around planes since i was a baby5x5 means perfect and in the pipe 5x5 means that the target is in the scope of a bombardier. It means right on  the target. An A result of a bomb run.I have heard the expression "5X5" used in phraseology.  It is somewhat of a dated expression. It was taken to mean you were heard load and clear.  When in Vietnam as a air traffic controller, as part of a pre flight checks, crew chiefs would call for a radio check using the towers frequency.  I would respone with "Lima Charlie" meaning loud and clear.It means you are heard perfectly clearly.  . . The quote you cited is from Aliens, where they're saying the drop proceeding as planned.  Other movies that use it are doing an homage to Aliens.. . Here's the source:. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Five_by_five5x5 is a radio term (relates to signal strength and readability) not an aviation term.   Look up RRL or other radio sites.When you want to know if the tower of a certain airport can hear you well you ask the tower "how do you read me" and if the twoer hears you perfectly then the tower sayes "i read you 5x5" that is 5x5 means.. . good luck.
YEAH, it's the car. Get rid of the NEON and get a really COOL car. That wont make YOU cool, but stupid chicks don't care. They are impressed by tattoos, leather and "cool" cars. . NOTE: This is not meant to imply that ALL chicks are stupid,. and even some of the SMART ones are impressed the same way.dO YOU REALLY WANT A WOMAN WHO IS IMPRESSED BY A NEONTry beign yourself. Chicks love guys that are themselfs and are not fakesDon't expect them to give eggs and meat , behave with them in a decent but in a desciript manner and then gradually they will begin to know that u relly luv them.hahaha maybe cause your 2 desperate, and they know it...Don't rev your neon's engine. It's kind of a given that you only rev your engine if you have a car that is $40k+ in price. Girls find it a turn off b/c they feel that us guys are showing off and have nothing to back it up with. Next time you go, stay with some guy friends and ignore the women let them come to you.I don't know.  It's obviously not the neon or the earring.  What girl wouldn't LOVE that stuff.  I'll bet they are secretly intimidated by you.  Maybe you're just too cool for school.well did you read what you wrote. you sound like a woman. i don't about the rest, but i'm not impressed.Instead of going for the young chicks, trying going after someone your own age. Don't put so much into your looks. Try more to sell your personality. Good luck! Also, if I were you, I would get rid of the fake earring.
I am assuming that you want to thank him for answering your previous question. You can thank him by choosing his answer as best answer and thanking him in your comment on the best answer.you just did?IM herYou could send Artsy a card.
The same reason you get black smoke off white tyres.Because most tire companys use rubbers that still have moisture in them, so when they rubb against the concrete they release the steam of the rubber burning and the water releasing into the air as a white cloud. If you ever get close enough to the tire burning, youll feel a blast of heat and alot of water just clinging in the air.becasue of the chemical they treat the tires with i'd guess, or the rubber burns to a white color, just like any smoke.
As the exhaust cools some metal areas cool faster than others creating a little be of strain. . You also notice even a louder clicking noise after an aircraft turbine engine is turn off.when you turn your motor off its the vehicle cooling down its all the tin under the vehicle like the ehx system and heat Shields very normal very good question tho expansion and contractions the vehicle actualy is hotter when you turn it off cause the temp rises for a few seconds then cools down rapidlyDon't worry about it unless you are in Bagdad.When stuff gets hot it expands. What you heard is stuff contracting because it is cooling so fastYour probably referring to the sound made by the exhaust manifold as it cools.a bomb...i dont know im a girloil dripping back down to the oil pan.it is the pinging sound made by the metal surfaces on your engine and exhaust as it cools... I know it is a little creepyyour engine cooling down. It happens at such a rapid pace, that it makes a clicking soundticking or cracking noise most car when they are new or new exhaust the pipe exspand beause its cooling off most customer talk about that noiseCould be contraction of metal parts that have become very hot from the engine running.
There were only two airlines viz British Airways and Air France flying the Concorde.However trips on the Concorde were very costly as the maintenance cost of the planes was very high. Moreover the Airports which had the Concordes operating from them had to maintain a special infrastructure for these supersonic jets.Also there was not much demand for these flights.The Concorde was also becoming prone to accidents.Hence both these airlines decided to ground their respective fleet of concordes and ended the 3 decade old concorde era.They were to expensive to operate.I would say it is due to the high cost of maintenance and operations plus it is expensive that not all passengers would wnat to fly on concorde planes. Moreover, most passengers now are fare driven so they are flying on the most economical flights for them.As much as people like it Concorde was never a good aircraft. . . Without the heavy cash input from the governments of France and England it would never have flown, later the only two airlines that operated them Air France and British Airways were both government owned, no other airlines bought them because they were just too expensive to operate without subsidies.   That is why Boeing did not build an SST (the US gov. did not contribute cash).. . After just over 27 years of service it became too expensive to maintain.  Not too old as aircraft go, there are other aircraft with well over 40 years of operation still in service.. . Only 16 were built.It was primarily because of operational and maintenance costs,  and reduced demand for the service, coupled with reduced margins of the airlines with which to procure more aircraft or reduce fares.The airframes are old and there is no comparable replacement.Its not to profitable traviling at the speed of sound with a very few passengers.  Airlines make a ton of money carrying large ammounts of passengers at sub-sonic speeds.THe crashed and they were hard  to take care of
here in the USA all you need is a drivers license and insuranceyes you need a C.B.T a provisional licence insurance tax depending on year a mot . a Suzuki katana moped is a good starter moped but honestly get yourself a geared 50 safer more fun and faster in that i would look at a DT50 if you are not sure about geared bike and how to ride one you can get training at the same place get your CBT from just look on the Internet for the nearest place to you for your training.CBT is a must and you need this be for you can have your provisional and even go on the road bikes are great fun all sizes if ridden safely so go out enjoy yourself best of luckgo here. http://www.thinkroadsafety.gov.uk/advice/motorcycling02.htmWhether or not one needs insurance or license usually depends on the cubic inch displacement of the engine. You have to check your local motor codes.
Your truck may have a shift kit in it. That will make it shift hard.. Otherwise, lower the line pressure. (see a mechanic).depends..if it is an automatic then you need to take a look at your  converter...if standard check bearings that go attached to axile or to actual motor (depends on year of truck)...lastly your car aint lacking oil, cuz if it were then it would not be able to runThere can be several possible causes for this. First, check your transmission fluid. If it is brown or dirty looking, then you need a fluid and filter change. It may also need to have the bands, etc. adjusted. That may solve the problem. . . You said it makes a noise when shifting from Park to Reverse. If it is a metallic "clank" sound, then you may have one or both U-joints (universal joints) going bad. These are what connect your drive shaft to your transmission (at one end) and your rear end (at the other). If this is the case, then you need to replace them immediately or you may find yourself at the side of the road with one end of your drive shaft laying on the ground. Take the truck to a mechanic and they can tell you in a few minutes exactly what you need and how much it will cost. Hope this info helps.take it to the shop.  check the transmission fluid.Actually a transmission flush might do you good.  Plus you can set when those transmissions shift.  That might to be adjusted.You transmission is breaking you stupidMine needed a new synchronizer. I would let a shop do it only if a filter and fluid change didn't make it go away. But it definitely sounds like it need's some repair.needs a little lube :}
The pitot (pronounced pee-toe) tube is part of the pitot/static system that is used to measure the air speed of an aircraft in flight.  The pitot tube is usually placed on the forward fuselage or on the leading edge of a wing where there is uninterrupted air flow, but I have also seen them mounted on the leading edge of the vertical stabilizer.. . The pressure of air impacting the front of the tube is compared with air pressure at a static location, and the difference in pressures is measured to indicate air speed.the pitot is the sharp cone located some where near the main air stream of an airplane. it is there to measure the planes speed, and altitude.. . usually its called the pitot tube.. during flight, a heater heats up the tube so it wont get frozen over. when on the ground, if you grab it, youll get a nice burn on your handLots of good answers above, here's a couple of links that get kinda technical. Hope it helps.A pitot tube has two inlets, one for high pressure (the leading edge), and one for low pressure (the trailing edge).  The differential pressure gives you the velocity.The pitot, short form of 'Pitot tube' is a device to measure the speed of a body moving through a fluid. An airplane flying through air (a fluid of course) needs it to determine the speed with which it is moving. This device works on the principle of fluid dynamics, indicating velocity through the aid of pressure differences in its two limbs (though a pilot gets to know the airspeed not by measuring the difference in level, rather it is transferred to the cockpit by analogy measurement technics and converted into the unit of airspeed, knots). It is generally located below the wing or the belly of an airplane.
Because your piston rings are worn and your fuel mixture is getting past them and down into your engine.well for one gas is made from oil, its going to in normal cases cause some amounts do pass the rings or maybe you have a fuel leak under your hood need to be more specifIf oil smells like gasoline then chances are it's old.. In a combustion engine oil is used not only to lubricate but also to seal the ring(s) of a piston. When combustion happens a little bit of oil mixes with gasoline and gasoline mixes with oil from little gaps and scratches in the cylinder walls.  The oil also gets hot which in turn breaks down the oil and almost starts to refine it, which makes it thinner and then more leaks in the little gaps and so on and so on.if u have nechanical fuel pump (1 that is attached to side of engine and is not electric) u have a ruptured diaphram in it replace it
Main flaw is that it has a rotary engine and repairs are expensive.. . Durability has always been an issue with those engines.u better check the net. comprehensive info from google.. butmost of all, engine would fail after 90k kms, engine oil guzzler, some electronics probs, but pay attention to the engine history...
Either I don't understand this question, we are talking about two different things or it is different where I am from, but the left lane is the inside lane or the fast lane. The right lane is the outside lane or the lane for slow drivers.Thus demonstrating the problem.  I think the terminology goes back to the track - where the circuit runs either clockwise or counter-clockwise.  Tracks in Europe typically run opposite of tracks in the US - this may be a generational distinction - but on a closed loop, there will clearly be an inside and an outside lane.  It still gets tricky, though, because "passig on the inside" means between the front car and the corner, which is not necessarily the same lane every time!. . For public roads, it is probably easier to refer to the left/right, or to the "passing" lane.. . I would say that in North America, the "inside lane" should be the left (the inside of the highway)
This is called deiseling.  Try using a higher octain in your fuel to avoid this.  Sometimes it might be necessary to put a fuel additive to prevent it from happening.your mounting brackets holding the engine in your car could be loose, so the shaking you feel may be the engine rocking.yes, need better gas.Pre ignition due to engine being out of time, or heavy carbon buildup. If it makes a clacking noise, check the timing. It my be idleing to fast, check idle speed.bad gasif u got manual it could be cuz ur not starting it right and about to stall itWake up!
A catamaran is a sailboat with two hulls placed apart, with the cabin in the area between the two hulls.  A yacht is a privately owned ship for pleasure sailing.  A dinghy is a small boat that supports a yacht: doing duty as lifeboat, transport to/from anchorages, etc.I'm not sure what a catamaran is, but a dinghy is like a big life raft and it doesn't have sails.  A yacht is a more luxurious boat.cat·a·ma·ran (k²t”…-m…-r²n“) n. Nautical. 1. A boat with two parallel hulls or floats, especially a light sailboat with a mast mounted on a transverse frame joining the hulls. 2. A raft of logs or floats lashed together and propelled by paddles or sails.. . din·ghy (d¹ng“¶) n., pl. din·ghies. Nautical. 1. A small open boat carried as a tender, lifeboat, or pleasure craft on a larger boat. 2. A small rowboat. 3. An inflatable rubber life raft.. . yacht (y?t) Nautical. n. 1. Any of various relatively small sailing or motor-driven vessels, generally with smart, graceful lines, used for pleasure cruises or racing.They all can either have sails or not.  As sailboats go, anything with two hulls is called a catamaran, and the functional difference between a dinghy and a yacht is (usually) the presence of a cabin:  If you can go inside, it's a yacht.  Compared to other small open sailboats, a dinghy is more of a work boat than a play boat: it trades speed for load-carrying ability.. . Generally speaking, sailing dinghies range from 8' to 16' long, yachts from 14' to 300' long and catamarans from 8' to 150' long.
Here's the trick:. . Luckily it ain't a 96.... . Either way, dodge puts all the a/c and heating in a single box that is bolted to the firewall. You have to pull the whole danged box out. If it were a 96, whole danged dash comes out. On yours, only half comes out.. . Disconnect battery so you don't have to worry about shorting something out or blowing out the airbags when you move the wires... . . On yours, you just have to pull the heater controls, radio, and the entire knee bolster (the lower trim panel that faces your knees), including the lower center console (ash tray, misc storage, etc).. . Get all the misc wiring harnesses, vacuum lines, and other BS out of the way and disconnected from the box.. . Drain radiator. Disconnect the heater hoses.. . Disconnect the a/c lines (pull the 13mm that secures the line to a block. Then take the two torx head screws out of the block). Then you have to pull all the nuts that secures the heater box to the firewall.. . Put the box on the ground, and take it apart. About 400 screws hold it together.. Make sure when you reassemble the box all the doors move...else you get to do it again.... . Reassemble.Get a Hanes manual for this make and model car.  Try your public library.
check your idle air control motor.It is conected to the plenum(intake manifold).It is conected by 2 10mm bolts.IT is not hard to take off.Get a can of carb cleaner and clean the carbon off the tip and spring,as well as spraying it into the passage in the plenum.it's a simple job if you have mechanical ability. usually about 20 min. start to finnish.If that don;t cure it,find a reputable tech.Good luck!I would first get the timing checked.  If that is not the problem check your vacuum lines.  Just check for any air pressure leaks that would mess the computer up.. . Other than that, take it to any garage and have them hook it up to a computer (for free) and they will tell you what error codes come up and what they mean so you can fix it.it sounds like an air control problem,check the air control valve for blockage,don't replace unless you really have to, . they are expensive.if necessary get one off ebay.sounds like bad idle air control or a big vacuum leak (you'd prob hear a hissing/sucking sound underhood)
yes plug all three holes to get your oil pressure back.. . the push rods good question?As in hydraulic lifters, an oil passage hole is drilled in the lifter to let oil pass through so the rocker arms can be lubricated.If there's no oil coming to the rockers, you have a pressure problem which could be the absence of an oil gallery plug.wow. i have no idea what you are saying. lol.A solid lifter pushes oil up the pushrod exactly the same way as hydraulic lifters. The oil pump pressurises the oil galleries. the lifter (solid or hydraulic) will have a smaller diameter mid section, this sits in the lifter oil gallery. Oil flows around lifter and into it through a small hole.Oil flows out through a hole in the top of the lifter and up the pushrod to the rocker gear.  there are holes in the front of the block(from machining oil gallery)that should be plugged with brass welsch plugs. WITHOUT THESE PLUGS YOU WILL BE LUCKY TO GET ANY OIL PRESSURE. Check the pushrods are not blocked. Check you have used correct lifters. Check out a workshop manual. they have lots of pictures.I suggest you check your oil pressure. Make sure your oil pump pick up screen is clear of sludge. If this is not the problem then look into your oil pump, it may be worn out.  NO,NO the valve gallery has holes in it for a reason, make sure that all holes are clear. My experience with solid lifters shows me that these are nothing more than a solid can like object that rides directly on the cam lobe, no oil is pumped through them. Instead they are lubricated by a drip sort of deal down through the push rod guide and "splashed" by the camshaft itself. These kind of push rods have no oil going through them as they are a solid bar of steel.
with a jack, duhhh, jk. Put the jask under thestrongest part of the frame (usualy  under the front right)dueses foolis it silver? do you live in cincinnati?Sure! $10,000 worth of wheels on a $1,000 car. That seems to be the style these days. LOL!the make spring that raise you car up. I suggest that you upgrade your shocks and brakes also. Those car weren't made for rims that bigfirst you need thin tires so that they wont rub underneath. nextyou need to do your suspenion. they determine how high your car sitsChange the tires to about 4'' tires
there's a slot in the middle, thread it through, and then pull it back out the side that you slid it through.  It's hard to explain, but its very simple to physically show you how.googlefrom bottom side up
check the path of the fuel, starting with the tank itself. if there's some sort of debris in there you're throwing it up everytime you refuel and this finds its way through the fuel line. could explain the 20 mins for everything to settle down. also, earlier replies suggested a new fuel filter and a check of the fuel pump, both are good advice.change the fuel filter or gas lines are blocked.Could be a failing fuel pump. But that usually causes the card to die out near the end of an empty tank, not when it's full.... . When was the last time you had it serviced? Take it to the dealer and let em hook it up to their machines and get a general tune-up.how is the temperature?. if it is good , then i sugest it is the fuel system, it could be the fuel reach more than it suppose to be ,so it turn off.its safety interior man
Blow out the hoses. Test pump. If faulty, replace.get a another one at the junk yard, it is not worth fixing
Ethanol has less energy then Gasoline.. Energy is measured in BTU's. This is physics.. Any knowledgeable source will tell you ethanol ( E85) . means a 15-20% hit in MPG.. Oh and it is also corrosive and absorbs water.. DO NOT put more then 10% ethanol in your car unless. the manufactuer states it is a flex fuel car.only for forced induction engines (i.e. supercharger, turbocharger)
I've had success with either "glass wax" or "Rain-X".  Good luck.Try CLR and triple o steel wool and rinse immediately, then apply a glass waxuse calcium remover......like CLRold recipe vinegar and lemon juicetry double ot 00 steel wool with glass cleanerLimeaway cleaner or AWSOME which is in a clear bottle the solution is yellow like urine,it works wonders and all critric acidic. you can find these items @ family dollar,dollar general all the same company.
Your best bet is to get a shop manual for your MPV but those cheapo repair manuals at the local parts stores will work too. Everything you need to know will be there but if you feel you don't get something I'd stop and take it to a shop.  Better safe than sorry!you need not change. Just go to the nearest car marthave a look for a haynes mannual or look in a search engine that should sort you outtake it to the shopAfter pulling the wheel, pull caliper off to expose front pads.  There should be two bolts on the back side of the caliper that must be removed to pull caliper.  What year is the MPV?  Some early models had serious problems with rotor warpage.  Be sure to reuse the backing plates on your new pads.  If left off it could cause noise.
does the starter engage into the flywheel??? if yes your motor may be seizedSounds like the starter motor is spinning but the solenoid is not throwing the drive. OR teeth are stripped off starter drive or flywheel.  test solenoid and repair or replace if necessary.could need a shim to meet the flywheel.Im pretty shure u need. to shim chevys. as for that noise?not sure of what to make of the noise. if it sounds like the starter motor is spinning without hitting anything, then your spindex is out. it isnt throwing the starter gear up into the flywheel, these operate by centrifugal force. .   if it is throwing it into flywheel and motor is seized, you should hear a loud "clanck" and then nothing, or the worst grinding noise you ever heardwell take the top off the motor. put your hand on the flywheel see if it will turn with your hand. then if it turn's the motor is not locked up. then get your jumper cables out. red goes on +  ground on -   on the vechile. put the ground on a bolt on the outboard motor. there is a wire comeing from the starter. were that wire bolts to the starter. touch the hot cable to it. the starter should whirl over. if it just spark's the starter is bad
detail it .  Park it with a for sale sign in the window.  If its a 69 Shelby, no problem, if a 69 pinto station wagon, you have a problem.be honest about itWith stolen money.you entertain them like tell them warrantys nice leather seatsfm radio and so onu advertiseu may wanna read the book 'how to make friends and influence people'
There are no symptoms of when your timing belt needs to be replaced. Typically 5 years or 60,000 miles which ever comes first is the manufacturer's recommendation for timing belt replacement.. . If your timing belt breaks, you'll be stranded, so way to even get the car moving again.. . If your car has an interference fit engine and the timing belt breaks, its more than likely you'll need a new engine, so it's always safer and cheaper to replace the timing belt before it breaks than to replace the engine after it breaks.there isnt really anyway of telling, check your repair manual and change according to thatother than removing it and visually inspecting it for wear and cracking, there is no way to tell. Your owners manual should have a mainenance section in it that tells you when this should be done. This is a critical component so get it done if it is due to be done or you will be on the side of the road somewhere.You'll hear a clanking noise and the motor will stop. Make sure you check your "Check engine Light" every week.It's typically something that will last about 100-150,000 miles.  I don't know of any symptoms that would make me think to do it, but if you do, be prepared.  It's a pretty serious bit of work in a lot of cars and could be costly with labor.to tell i fur timing belt needs to be changed because it does exactly what it say is times the gears and tells the trans. when to shift if it feels like you car is taking to long to shift that could be it or if Ur going  up a hill and Ur vehicle keeps on shifting' back and for also if u feel a power loss at a high rpm
Initially each company built cars and parts based on their indiviual designs. Due to the diffences in parts these cars made unique sounds when started and while they are running. Now today its a part of a symbol or a trademark that people continue to create parts for each of these makes so that you are able to distinguish by sound the unique differences between the different makes of cars.Every company builds their engines differently, and they use different starters. Most internal combustion engines work pretty much the same way, but each company uses a slightly different design.
You can get a blow drier, warm it up real good and carefully scrape it off.  This being chrome though, and not paint, something like Goo-gone of Goof-off may be better since it isn't on the paint.  They also have decal remover at autoparts stores, though I suspect it's pretty much the same stuff as the other products.Denatured alcohol. You can find it in the paint dept. GooGone, Goof Off, and the like are just glorified versions of this common solvent.use WD40 put it on the sticker and try to pull itSimple Green. Don't dilute it. Just spray it on let it sit and wipe it off with a rag.I've used a Blow Dryer for hair, razor blade and good ol' WD-40. Dryer to warm it up and make it pliable, blade to peel it off and WD-40 to loosen the stickum and clean-up.USE STEEL WOOL (SOS PAD) IT WILL NOT SCRATCH CHROME, AND IT CLEANS IT UP NICE AND SHINYGrease Lightning...a generic cleaner in a bottle.  2 bucks at Wal-Mart.  Have used it many times.   Will also take paint scuffs off your vehicle without removing the gloss or paint of the bodyget a bottle of Goo Gone.. its an adhesive remover. Works very well.take it off slowly and carefully then clean with water, and to finish it off give it a nice wax..... . lol if all fails there are sprays u can buy from an auto store that help with the glue on the sticker so it just slides off.Rubbing alcohol with remove sticky stuff as well...saturate the area, let it sit for a few mins and then rub off..worked for me!Goo Gone will usually get the sticky stuff off. My son used to use it on his Go-Kart. Or take a hair dryer to it until it gats soft enough to peel off.start by heating with a hair dryer then carefully peel it off then use an adhesive remover to get rid of the residue. goof off works pretty goodtry white distilled vinegar and care not to scratch the chromeSince it's on chrome, use the side of a razor blade and peel it off.  The chrome won't scratch, so you can pretty much get everything off with that.
Red/White  to +Battery. Green to Ground. Pink & Yellow go to the A.C. Generatorvery carefully
It is very important if you are going up and even more importantly down a lot of mountains. It could be important if you are pulling trailers too.You can pretend your actually driving a standard and look cool to others on the road.While towing up hill to control where you are in the power band. down shift to use the engine as a brake on long hills. or if you are racing you can shift when you want to.
If you're buying new you have nothing to worry about becuase they each come standard with free scheduled maintenance for 4 years (except the TSX). The TSX is based on the European Accord (very reliable), the G35 has the same powertrain as the Nissan Maxima (VQ series V6 - extremely reilable), and Lexus' are virtually trouble free. The E90 (BMW 3-series) had a few bugs in the first year of production but everything is covered under warranty.If you need to ask how expensive to maintain a luxury style car. That means you can't afford it. 99% of all luxury style vehicles have high priced parts and high prices for service. Generally European cars are higher, because they are more precise than the Japanese  Honda Acura,Toyota Lexus, and  Nissan Infiniti..   But if you can afford the car, you should be able to afford the high prices for service and parts.if you need to ask... too expensive for you4 luxury cars would be VERY expensive!well what do you think ? common sense, its not a chevy, your paying for the nameWhat kind of question is that? what does commonsense tell you.
If I was worried about it I would simply change them out. Other wise just keep checking them and keep riding. I usually don't swap out valves unless they are pitted, bent, or I can not get them adjusted within tolerances.when your heart stopsJust a couple of questions- When you adjust the clearances, are they always loose? . (there should be a tolerance for adjustment, make sure the top of the valve isn't "mushroomed" with a micrometer). Do you always have to adjust them, tight or loose?. You can remove the head and drop the valves and measure the overall length to see how much material has been removed.. Make sure thy meet minimum length requirements-. They bike is already 20 years old- what do you mean by premature?just go ahead and change em out. then you can spend the time saved in the saddle instead of on your mechanics chair.
you could have crossed them.  check to see if the wires are open (no rubber).  cover it with electrical tape if so.You have a loose connection or a short circut ,or internal fault in starter motoryou may have the wrong gage wire or your wires are making ground somewhere.Corrosion at the terminals. Try taking them off and cleaning them and the posts they attach to, including ground.Older bike.  Could be that the wires are old and not conducting properly.  Short.  If the wires are loose, they will get hot and smoke.  Should have a fusible link to prevent this, but if not it could be that your battery was connected improperly.have starter and solonoid chected for short
Don't worry about it. Yours is still in good condition. as long as you drive it right. Let me guess, it's black or like a dark blue? right? Don't be scared people, I can read minds! That's how I knew!Model was getting old...So a couple years ago they replaced it with the GMC Canyon. Canyon is a better truck in nearly every way over the Sonoma. When your Sonoma finally dies I believe you will be very pleased with the Canyon.They were not good sellers.The Canyon . gets better gas milage and is more sturdy. of a chassis.They stopped making them in. 2003 because it took GM another 2 years. to come up with the design for the Canyon.
It will be on the registration.. . Also check the dash on the left side.  Should be etched in somewhere.. . Addendum:  From a Jag lovers site:  All cars have a VIN number stamped into the sheet metal dead center in front of the hood sealRegardless of the Year/Make Or Model of a Vehicle. All VIN Numbers are located on a Small Thin Metal Plate...Located On the dash board of the vehicle.. . Look on the lower part of the windshield on the drivers side. They may be on different sides of the vehicle,depending wither the Car is an American or European Model.. . It Should also be in Alpha/Numeric Form.. . Good Luck !
thru the police... But they will ask why first.. but only legal wayUnless you have a good and lawful reason, you can not. Law enforcement and DMV personnel have access to the database, but due to privacy concerns, the general public does not.why should this be private info. when all other records are not! and we should also have acess to the police officers records if they have access to ours!You can trace a plate if.... 1.  it's your car. 2.  you have the owners permission and signature. 3.  you are a licensed wrecker service and need to notify the owner of an impounded vehicle. 4.  you are law enforcement. 5.  you are insurance and investigating an accident of the behalf of your customerThis is illegal except under certain circumstances related to safety/police activity. This information is covered under the Driver's Privacy Protection Act (DPPA).. . The full details of DPPA are at the link below:
Portable aircon unit? Fan?. . Windows also work well - if you open two at different ends of the house you could create a draft.A fan is your only viable option.  And its not going to cool things off much.You can open the window.open a window. turn on a fanOpen all the windows and use fans. Use Ice and drink a lot of wateryou wanna open up two windows on opposite sides of the room if possible so that there is circulation from outside. to speed up this process place one fan blowing out of one window and one fan blowing into the room from the other window. this of course is assuming that it is hotter inside than it is outside. if energy concerns arnt important to u, u could also leave the fridge and freezer doors open i guess.Open the windows,use a fan, or open the doors if possible.
That's how they get higher MPGPuny engine with inadequate horsepower.  Scion was designed to be a cheap, entry level car.  Horsepower costs money.it's not that slow!  stock maybe, but with a right intake, exhaust, headers, tires, cf hood... it can easily play ball with some stock v6.they have only 160 bhp, what do you expect?just look under the hood,,,the little mice in the treadmill are doing the best they cantoo heavy with too little power. plus toyota makes them so what do you expect.b'cos it costs only $13300 !!!??? for that u expect a ferari performance ???
It will never be the same as new to the pro-ear but when you have to pay for it...it's a different thing. If it is a hole ( as opposed to a crack ) you might try some light weight fiberglass cloth ( the local hobby shop ), and epoxy resin. Cut the patch about twice the size of the hole and apply with resin which will dry quickly. Make sure you let it dry completely. Good luckduct tape.You can try a small dab or two of silicone sealant. Just be careful to place it as smooth as possible and do not glob it on. It can affect the weight of the subwoofer which can, in turn, hinder it's performance.If you can get it reconed it`s not that expensive.. Or else try Crazy glue & duct tape.Spend the money for a new one... The sound will not be good at all... Have you heard a blown speaker? Its ten times worse...   STUPID PLAN!!!get a new one!!!!!!!!! don't bother with the hassle
well theirs dub rims,dub model car collections that are customized and when people put a dub sticker it might be their rims or they might have their car customized and thats why they put a dub stickerDUB relates mainly to the rims on a vehicle. It has grown in modern times to reflect other areas of customization, but its origins are solely dealing with rims on your ride.OMG WHO DO U THINK YOU R ASKING WHAT IS DUB LOOK U IDOIT DUB AUTO RELATED IS SO FREAKING 20 INCH RIMS  YOU GGGAAHHH MAN EVERYONE KNOWS THAT MAN HOW SMART R U HOW WELL HERES YOUR ANSWERDUB is like west coast customs or unique whips. They will take your car and usually do the same thing. Put the biggest chrome wheels that will fit. carbon-fiber the back lights. Put the badges on it. And "pimp" the interior. Thanx for asking!
Ok. First let me say this is not a job for you, but if you want to do it I will explain it so it will help you.. First,remove the nut holding the axle in place. Do this before you do anything.. Next raise and support the car safely, with jack stands, not blocks or wood.. Next remove the lower control arm and remove the tie rod end.. With a hammer handle not the steel end push the axle from the wheel.. Next pull the axle from the trans. Be sure to put a pan under the trans as when you pull the axle from the trans, sometimes fluid will come out.Personally, a 20 lb sledge, a pry bar, a reciprocating saw, and maybe a socket wrench, but I'm not a mechanic.
It's what the car is worth after your lease term expires. The residual value is used to calculate what your loan payment will be, since leasing is based on the theory that you are only paying for the part of the car that depreciates. . . In other words, the higher the residual value of a vehicle, the lower your monthly payments should be. Theoretically.The residual value is the estimated value of the vehicle at the end of a lease. There are two types of leases, closed end, where the residual value is locked in (assuming no damage and the car is not over the allotted mileage) and open end, where the value is determined at the end of the lease.
You can remove the speaker grills with a screwdriver or a panel removal tool by carefully popping the grills out starting at one of the bottom corners. You might be required to remove your door panels if your speakers won't unscrew from behind the grills on your doors.Depends on how many speakers you have. There is one in each front door. Got to remove the inside panel to get to them.. If you got four or more speakers the others are accessible from the panels behind and either side of the rear seat.
You can get them off a lot of on-line sites and industrial safety or police equipment sites.. . On the other hand, it is illegal to have them on a private car on public streets in most of the US.Gallsrob them off a police car
Go to http://www.edmunds.com for a great site that gives details about each product and expected prices you will pay for virtually every make and model.. . They partner with Auto Trader so you can sell far and wide.  Given what you owe, you'll end up paying a bit out of pocket to pay for the difference.Leave it on the side of the road with the keys in the ignition and let it get stolen. Do not report it until you think it has made it across the border.You are in a bad situation in that you owe considerably more than the car is currently worth. At the most the Kia is worth about 10,000 retail. You may be able to get a personal loan for the difference between the payoff and the amount you get selling the car.. . Are you figuring the total you owe by adding up the remaining payments, or did you contact the bank for a payoff figure?some states have lemon laws, check with your county. atterney,Call an auto wrecker. Some will collect your car and pay you for it. This depends on where you live and How much you really want to take the cash being offered.You got suckered when you decided to buy a KIA. KIA is the worst brand of car ever made.You most have been already bad off before you bought that car cause the payments are not high on a KIA. I sold people Kia's with no credit at all and they were only paying 300 dollars a month. You should go talk to who ever your Financing your car through and tell them that you can't offed your car anymore and ask them what you should do.
You need a volt meter. You can but one for a few bucks or take the battery to AutoZoneGroup Size or just call Sears Group 24,27,etc... Most likely around 50ah...Different than CCAThe only way to work it outis to do the test... fully charge the battery and run it into a starter, check with an Amp meter what current is being drawn..... next recharge and start again.. see how long the battery will run the motor, (hours). . after that its simple Amps over Hours.....
~My guess is that there are thousands of people who do.  A bunch of them probably do it as a hobby, but even more probably have shops and do it for money.  Do we get points for knowing the actual number of people who know how?  Put me down for 86,258.nope
why is the light coming on ? need to address that .How long has it been on? Maybe you need to check your gas cap. If not it needs to go to the shop.you don't turn off anything..take it in for service if you  value your safety and your carHave the computer scanned to find out why it is on and then fixing the problem.try disconnecting the battery for a couple minutes if the light comes back on there is a problem that needs to be a dressedGo to your local parts store like Advance Auto Parts or Auto Zone and have your computer cleared. Newer cars have a memory that has to be cleared after it detects a problem. This was done so that temper mental problems can be diagnosed while they are not acting up. The local parts store should do this for you for free if you ask so you don't have to spend all the money to buy the tool yourself. .      Hope I have been helpfulCheck engine lights are programmed to come on at certain intervals. Or when something is wrong, are u sure nothing is wrong? Sometimes they go away on their own.
Try using a cutting compound (like "T cut") - it slightly liquifies the paint smoothing out the scratches.. . Good lucksand blaster worksDuPont makes a great polishing compound called No. 7.  I've used it after using their rubbing compound and brought out the shine to a 36" shine.  In case you don't know what a 36" shine is, it's a finish so shinny that you can put a yard stick end onto the finish and be able to read the numbers 36 at the other end.. . The polishing needs a high speed buffer but it works extremely well.  I once put a better than show room finish on a car that was over 15 years old.use a really soft cloth and dishwashing liquid. rub really hard. it'll workA good wax and a bufferUse TUFLON EX
They basically hold your rear axle in place. If you take them off, you may lose control of the car and die. A better idea would be to buy some rust inhibitor gel at a parts store (Permatex brand), and try to get a little bit more life out of the existing mounts.Trailing arms or track bars on either the front or rear axles keep the wheels in proper position under the vehicle when cornering or braking. To remove any would cause a VERY UNSAFE condition and probably would result in loss of control at even a low speed maneuver. The rust should be looked at by a competent alignment or frame shop to evaluate if they need repairs.They hold the rear axle in place and are not something you can do without. Don't remove...REPLACE!!! Do it yourself project.
best thing to do is refer to the owners manual or go to auto zone on line or to the store itself i am a mechanic and sometimes i still have to ask so don't get discouraged they build cars so that you have to take it somewhere to be worked onCheck your local parts store for a repair manual or check at your local library for a repair manual.the long bars hold your strut towers equidistance apart remove them, change plugs, then replace them. just make sure they go back to the right place when you are done
go to the auto parts store and ask them how to do it or look in your car manualI SUGGEST FINDING A TAIL LIGT BULB DEALER.Most cars now have the tail light bulb access through the trunk. Grab the socket where the wires enter the lamp and unscrew it from the fixture. The socket and the bulb should come out, Unscrew the bulb and replace it with the new one and pop it back into the fixture.
Consult your owner's manual or the local auto supply store for the correct replacement bulb size.  Once you have a new bulb, pop open your trunk.  Look behind the brake light panels for accessible openings to the bulbs.  You won't need to pry off the red lenses or anything.. . Reach inside the opening and twist out the bad lamp (bulb). It may just pop out if you give it a half-twist and pull up. Once the old lamp (bulb) is out, put the new bulb in by reversing the process.  Stick it in the receptacle and twist it until it locks into place.  Test it by having someone press on the brake pedal while you watch for a light, or park the car in such a way that the rear brake lights reflect off a wall.  You should be able to see if the lights are working by looking at the wall in your rear view mirror.You lift the trunk lid and peel back the upholstery to the rear of the trunk area. Unscrew the plastic nut holding the tail light housing on the car. Pull forward find the exact bulb that has blown, twist to remove the socket and pull out and push down and twist the bulb and or simply unplug it and replace  with newer bulb.go to a mechanic and get him to fix it or go to an auto store and ask them how to fix it. they know this stuff.
As the above mentioned, a broken wire is the most likely culprit but I thought I would add something.. . If the motor is very old, or has been abused, the brushes inside the motor housing may be worn out.  With the motor out of the water, there is no resistance, so the motor will run.  With the motor in the water, there is simply not a good enough contact to overcome the resistance.. . Like i said, it is probably a short, but this could cause the problem also.check to make sure the wire running from the control head to the motor arent broken.. . i had a trolling motor on my bass boat that when folded in the out of water position would work fine, but when folded down it wouldnt. it ended up being that the years of folding it up and down actually broke the wires where they bent to the shaftyou probably have a broken wire that is getting shorted when the motor is in the down position.
In India petrol is approximately Rs.50 per litre as compared to Rs.35 for Diesel. I'm sorry but conditions here are a little different from where you live and I can't answer that question.The reason is simple.Diesel is a less refined form of Crude Oil and Petrol is a more refined form.Therefore the difference in price and thats why petrol is more expensive.I believe Diesel is more expensive because all the Military  run on diesel and think of all the military in Iraqevery road tractor going down the highway, nearly every farm tractor along with trains and boats. so there is a pretty high demand for diesel.
You may want to try a combination of baking soda and water to use as a wash on the carpet and seats.....also try leaving a box of baking soda open in the rear of the Explorer or under the rear seats.  One question - was the odor there when you bough it and, if yes, why buy it?  Just curious why you would take on a malodorous vehicle. Good luck.Time.. Open the windows as much as you can and let the oh so wonderful scent of city smog fill your car. In time it will replace any natural smells.When in doubt, try something natural to combat nature's smelly things.  Find a store that sells essential oils and find one that you like (maybe something citrus or earthy so it doesn't smell too girly or sweet).  Get some baking soda) and mix it with many drops of the oil.  Sprinkle it inside the Explorer and let it sit for a while.  Then vaccuum it up and it works like a deodorizer (only better).  I found that this works on my carpet at home where the dog peed or rubbed her butt. You can also combine an oil with water and spray it inside (being very careful not us a lot of oil that can damage things).
usually you have to make sure that your car "Stereo" is compatible (because not all of them are), it usually has a small standard 3.5 mm jack on it.you connect it and it runs through aux channel usuallyYou can get an FM transmittor - it sends a radio signal to your car stereo and then you can listen to your MP3 player through an FM station. The clarity is OK, sometimes gets fuzzy depending on your location.
by passing a driving test.out of one of the 'claw' machines...DMVby taking a driving test....Like half a dozen people that are on the roads today.... OUT OF A CRACKER JACKS BOX!! Good LuckTake a driver's ed class in high school and maybe contact your local state department of motor vehicles to see what requirements are needed for the test.. Good luck. Don't feel bad if you don't get it on your first try.Hopefully by studying a manual, reading it PLEASE, then going down to the Department of Motor Vehicles in your city and taking a test of your written knowledge as well as your driving skills.  They will also do a vision test to make sure you can see well enough.  Check your local phone book for the address and number for more info.  GL
using a fine polishing compound to clean the windows works really goodPour coke(a cola) on the windshield. It cuts the grease and oil.Boil some water then let it cool til it is warm then clean the glass using the warm water and a clean lint free cloth
www.ford.comI don't know. I drive an SUV, but you're a racist hypocrite. How can you say that "cross racial dating is a bad idea" but put yourself out there as wanting to get off with men? How contradictory is that?! Interracial dating is a bad idea but a man lubing up another guy is the best idea since sliced bread?!  You're an idiot.Forget the web...Go to your local parts store and buy the Chiltons Manual for your escort. It will have step by step directions as well as photos to help you through the process. Good luck!
Too much trouble for the hand.Using turn signals requires a little bit of extra work. Nobody wants to do extra work.Its more fun without using your turn signal2ptsThat drives me crazy! I mean come on, how hard is it to flip a little switch???? I guess they want to cause a big old wreck!I guess they figure people can read their minds.  This makes me crazy.  So much so that I have a bumper sticker that says "turn signals are NOT optional equipment".For girls, it makes their earrings jangle their ears in a way that pinches.. . For guys, they aren't looking straight ahead and being cool.. . Failure to signal turns and lane-changes is the numbe 2 cause of accidents -- only drunks cause more accidents than failure to signal.They've probably got their left hand wrapped around a cell phone.If no one is close behind me to where they wont be affected by my nonusage of a turn signal i do not use one. If someone needs to be alerted that i am hopping over in front of them or whatever i use it. but it annoys me when people dont even use it and u could crash into them cause u didnt slow down when they were turning.
Look on the embossed tag under the hood.  Usually its on there.  I had an 80 pontiac and thats where I found the code.  It should be 2 digits, may be preceeded by L or U (lower, upper).Dealer body shop. Probably will take a while since it's way out of date. If trying to use original, may not work as chemistry has changed.auto parts storetake it to a paint shop.  They will show you the color.  Or find a website for PPG paint supplies or Car Quest.You will need to bring it to a paint shop. Or take it to an Auto Body shop.
its only a 3 hour trip, can some one your going to go live with drive you back to drive it back home after its fixed?.  Or what about a u-haul car dolly?Call your uncle.Depends on what yr. Tracker? Book value on the early to  late 90,s ain't worth messing with. A junkyard may give you enough for it to hop a Greyhound back homeThe first thing that comes to mind is to drive it, but I will admit from past experiences that driving a Tracker on the highway is a bit scary. The second is to hold out until your uncle fixes the truck. The third is find a friend or someone with a trailer and see if they will give your car a lift.  I know that they are a lot of people around that area that have a trailer heavy enough to haul a car. If all else fails, you may call someone like A&M Repair or someone that has a tow truck..... . Good luck...he
It makes people thing they are getting a deal. It is like buying anything would you buy some thing under five dollars or go for five,It just sounds like they are getting a real deal. they do it all the time. I would prefer to make it an even amount, then avoid all the change.just like every thing ends like 19.99 dollars never just 20.00 dollarsTax, simple and sweet.So that they can charge you an extra cent without you noticing.  It's the same idea with stores charging 2.99 vs. 3.00.  If it was just tax, they could have "rounded up" to the nearest cent and charged more for the product.Tax.there was this guy who owned a gas station and he thought he would be clever. by dropping it from .95 to .94 and 9/10, people thought he was giving them a whole penny dicount when he wasn't.. the tax is like 30 cents so it's included on the posted price.Because they do! lol . TAX
Take it to a mechanic :-)I love banshee's, but i never fix mine.  I just take it to the local shop.  They are not that expensive to get fixed.
The Passat is one of the Flying P-Liners, the famous ships of the German shipping company F. Laeisz.. . The four masted barque is now museum ship anchored in Travem?nde.It comes from the Latin "passare" which means "to walk by, to pass". It's the name of a global wind system.Passat is a wind all the early watercooled VW's were named after types of winds Golf,Polo,Jetta,Scirroco and Passat.It is another way to say fast
Well first you will need a screwdriver....look closely at the screw to determine which kind you need......just kidding.....I have not a clue.....but good luck :)A starter replacement is pretty much un-bolting the old one and put the new one on like you found the old one.Buy a new car...you spent more on the part than the car is worth....Peice of cake.  You will need to jack the vehicle up so that you can get underneath the front end of the vehicle.  The started should be a cylinder looking device.  It is a easy to take off but a pain in the butt to put the new one back on.  They put the bugger in the smallest place.  I have only put a starter on a camaro but it is virtually the same for every car.take it to the machanic, don't mess with it , it might cost u more if you mess up somethingFirst before you touch the starter, disconnect the negative/ground wire from the battery.  The wire to the starter is always hot, even with the car off and keys removed, and you can get a serious shock from touching it.  Replacing a starter is one of the easiest pieces on a car to replace, provided you can get to it easily.  Just jack the car up on level ground with the emergency brake on and something to act as wheel chocks and place the car on stands.  Next disconnect the wires going to the starter and label them so you will put them on the correct terminals when you install the new starter.  Remove the bolts holding the starter onto the transmission bell housing and then pull the starter out.  Clean the contacts on the wires to remove corrosion and install in reverse order.  One important thing to remember is to not over-tighten the bolts.  Some vehicles are very finicky about how tight the mounting bolts should be, otherwise you could cause the starting motor gear to mesh with the flywheel.  This causes the starter to make an awful grinding noise and severely reduces its life.  Tighten any nuts holding wires on to just over hand tight, otherwise you could damage the solenoid.  Remember to reconnect the battery.take the old one of, then bolt the new one on. wow you are really on the ball aren't ya!?
probably like any other clutch.You would step on the clutch pedal to release the clutch from the flywheel.( there is a hydraulic line from your clutch master cylinder that runs down to your slave cylinder that is attached to your transmission housing.As fluid is being forced to your slave cylinder ,a rod pushes in on a fork that a release bearing rides on which is up against a pressure plate that re-leases the clutch from the flywheel).This lets you shift gears in your transmission without grinding your gears,unless you have air in the system,and then you would half to bleed the systemUnless the slave cylinder is inside the bell housing.  Then the slave cylinder actually pushes on the pressure plate forks itself thereby causing the pressure plate diaphragm to bow outward and release its pressure on the clutch.That's a great answer. Nothing more to say
remove transmission, replace clutch and pressure plate, re-surface flywheel, re-assemble. best bet is to pay a pro.agree on pricing shops... I did my girfriends miata and w/3 days under the car when id rather be doing soemthing else...  Its not rocket science but you need cleaance to remove tranny, you need to get at bolts all around the tranny where it mates to the engine... its a pain.it should take about 8 hours if your doing it by yourself. but if you have to ask how to do it... don't even attempt it.
ha ha ha guess you don't wanna hear the penny trick cause its not safeTake it to autozone or advance. I think both. have test benches for those.
Try Mother's Chrome and Aluminum polish with a small buff pad (like one for a 3/8" drill or dremmel tool.)  The more you buff, the smoother it gets and less marks.  On the down side, you will probably never get all scratch marks out.  However, it will shine like satin.try burnishing cloth, it's a purple looking sandpaper, finest they make.Try bead blasting with fine beads.  Be careful or you can remove the chrome completely.bead blast and then powdercote. good for you. chrome suks.
you are freeckin retarded ikts out of gass u stupid fuck headCheck the battery, low levels of water in battery cells, your plugs may be clogged with bluish/green acid buildup, you'll need to clean the acid around the plugs--wear gloves.  Have a mechanic check your alternator, it could be slowly dying.take your car to a machanic and it sounds like your starter motor is gone. dont worry that is not too expensiveI like the IAC answer, but would also check fuel filter, and possible pinhole leak in fuel line (won't leak gas, but air gets in near engine)Among other causes a faulty IAC valve may be the culprit.It could be the starter/cylinode (sp?). It could be something to do with the cylinode not charging. I had an older Camaro and it was always having started problem. Starters are fairly cheap. Good luck to you.It means that it's time for your car to go to the mechanic.There are a few reasons this may happen. One: out of gas, two: bad fuel pump/dirty lines, three: alternator problems.. . Have checked by a qualified mechanic now some bozo who owns a toolbox.what kind of car is it make, model, year, engine? could be a bad IAC or faulty fuel pressure regulator.
A hot start is when the internal temperature of the engine exceeds manufacturer's specs during the start-up phase.  A hung start is when the turbine fails to spin up to operating speed after ignition.  Both may be caused by something as simple as a breeze blowing up the tailpipe of the engine during the starting process, which does not allow the proper airflow inside the combustion section of the engine.  Take a look at this web site for more information on how a turbine engine operates...A hot start may also occur when excessive amount of fuel is present during start up, or when fuel is ignited at too low a rpm.
You really dont know? All guys want that car with the a-s-s prints, b-o-o-b prints and wetness thats left on the hood of any sports car.Actually nothing.But it is believed that men relate to hot bikini-clad women in the same way as they relate to gorgeous metallic beauties.So they use these women to advertise these cars.nothing. just putting two together to make something betterAll the cars start to look alike after awhile so the car makers use sex to try to draw attention to their cars.. . They would probably be just as succesful if they offered free snacks and beer instead of bikini clad girls.
Pull it out.Click on the link below for step-by-step instructions:. http://www.autozone.com/servlet/UiBroker?ForwardPage=/az/cds/en_us/0900823d/80/16/6e/15/0900823d80166e15.jspCutting torch & crow bar?see the four little holes (2 on each side) of the radio? it requires special tools to insert and release the catch. they can be bought at almost any auto parts store that sells radiosgo to home depote and buy a 10lb. sledge-hammer
It is not safe at all.  You may gain too much speed as you have nothing holding you back (compression) causing you to ride the brakes which could lead to over heating and brake failure.it's really a question of safety rather than fuel economy.  you would have to have a good grade in order to make a difference on fuel savings and many in a row.  i would rather keep it in gear in the event another vehicle swerves in front or behind you in order to avoid a wreck.
mcpherson struts all around. mcpherson struts: a damper and spring as one assembly (not to be confused with high performance coil-over suspension system). shock absorber: a damper used to cushion the jounce and compressing of a coil/leaf/torsion spring. usually struts arer more expensive to work on and the parts themeselfs are more expensive but they are usually lighter and save space.. shock absorbers are typically found on pickup trucks and older cars.that's right it has struts. the way you can tell is a strut is basically a shock absorber inside of a large coil spring.
why don't you use frontpage or a netscape composer?do you mean MS office if so use Frontpagei think if you look at templates there is one for them you can always check to see if if works.... good luck!!You don't. You use Frontpage.
what yearA hack saw will do the job, we need a bit more infoTAKE IT TO YOUR DEALER MAN. YOU DONT WANT ANYTHING TO DO WITH A/C COMPONENTS.
You need to change them.you need to do the brakes have the rotors replaced and or resurfaced and new semi metallic pads Wagner or raybestose or the factory ones and don't touch the rotors with your fingers after cause the oil in =your skin will cause hot spots and your squeaks will come back use latex gloves asbestos pads are baned in all country's and you cannot but the organic will last about one month semi metallic is the factory recommended and the lawThe squeal either means that they are brand new, if so it will go away soon, or that they are in need of replacement.The brake pads on it are likely "Metalic" pads, they squeek. Replace them with "organic/non-Metalic" pure Asbestos pads don't squeek. You'll have to check if they are available for your make and model of car. As they are being phased out.get some manufacture brake padsthey have a built in wear indicator which Squeals when they need changing.When the pads are worn down, there is a substance that causes that squeel to indicate it is time to change them IMMEDIATELY.  If you wear them down past THAT point you're really in trouble.  Change them, now.Use either brake dust cleaner or travel approximate 10-20 mph and hit your brakes hard in open traffic. that should solve the problem. If not go see Midas or Tuffy.
I agree with superdave, If you ask a question and give as much info as you can 90% of the time you will get a useful answer, from people glad to help.  Remeber to give the following info: make, model, year, engine size.. . Good LuckYour truck should not be using the internet. First of all, I would not allow the truck to get on the computer in the first place; its wheels might wreck the keyboard. It's not that it would do it intentionally, it's just too big and heavy to be trying to type with its tires.. . Find it something else to do, maybe get it a girl truck to play around with.Ask a question... includes details about the problem or your answers will be vague!here u go... Dont freakin use the internet for finding out whats wrong with ur truck!! get out there and take it to a pro, and stay out there with them and find out for urself so next time ull kno, and maybe ull actually learn how to work on a truck.You could ask your question here.  There's a lot of smart guys on here just waiting for their chance to shine.  Ask us what the problem is.  Is it engine, transmission, Air conditioning, or a funny noise.  Someone has fixed that before.  Go ahead and ask!!
you have to goto dmv and file for a abandoned vehicle titleIf you have a receipt for the trailer, just fill out the self assessment form and go to Transport Dept and pay $$. No inspection is needed unless over 750kg gross or has gas fitted.  it is really easy.  they make you do the rwc yourself so if anything goes wrong it is on your head.
something's not grounded properly and the radio is picking up electrical interference from the engineALL YOU NEED IS A FILTER!!!!. . You can find one here:  http://www.soundomain.com/shopIt's inducted noise from the engine. Either you have a poor ground to your audio system, a poor quality set of RCA signal cables, or or could simply be the vehicle itself. Try a noise filter to see if that repairs it (check all of your wiring for the radio of course first) and that should take care of the problem. If it does not, it is possible that the problem may lie inside the radio itself, and it may be time to get a new one.The static you are hearing is caused by your spark plugs. Your  power wire to your radio is picking up the noise of the spark. You can either try to run a separate power wire straight to your car battery (with the appropriate fuses inline) or you can purchase a noise filter at any car stereo shop. Running a wire straight to the battery is the best option, as the filters can sometimes not get all of the noise out. Also, make sure your radio chassis is properly grounded to the frame of the car.I HAD A SIMILAR PROBLEM WHIT MY BROTHER IN-LAW'S CAR...IT WAS HIS DISTRIBUTOR ROTOR CAP THAT WAS CRACKED AND THE POWER LINE FROM THE RADIO WAS PICKING UP THE LEAK...use monster cable rca's with time correction and extra insulation. use a distribution block for grounding ampps and other electronics. make sure it is clean no paint or gunk. if you have an amp route the power and acc. turn lead parallel to the rca cables, on either side of the car not on the same side, power cables release alot of noise that rca's pick up
V8 Range Rover because I have a large family, a dog, a roofrack full of surfboards and I tow stuff, plus I live in the country.. . Plus. . A Saab convertible which I use for work and for when the sun shines.A 1951 Lincoln Cosmopolitan Sport Sedan, a 1978 Lincoln Continental Town Car, a 1991 Mercury Grand Marquis LS and a 2001 Chrysler Sebring convertible.  Why?  Because they're FUN.A 2004 Mazda3BMW z4,It is so cool.Opel Vectra 96 . it's very good quality and quite doesn't spend too much gas
you think someone out here knows? or you would trust the electrical system to your motor coach to anyone online???. get a tech and do it right or buy some hot dogs for the fire you will soon have.go to your local hardware store  and tell them your problem. they make adapters for that.
Well you have to become a commercial pilot.Then you can fly Commercial Jets of any make, be it Boeing or Airbus.Well you need to complete your high school studies with Science as the main subject and then join an Aviation School.The charges are likely to be quite high considering the high cost of training etc,. but if you get into a Govt. recognised reputed institute I believe you will get an educational loan without any problem.The best way is to go to flight school or enroll in the air force. Louisiana Tech University has a good aviation program.  The tuition is like $2,500-3,000 per quarter.you must be a terroristUse a capital B for a start.Did not that failed high jacker drop out of flight school in Norman.?  check there...I am sure they will accept you.You can't become a Boeing pilot.  But you can learn to fly a Boeing aircraft, i.e. the 737, 747, etc.  The best way is to go to flight school, and go from their.
If you are talking about upholstery and the carpet, Barnes and Nobel has a great how to book on just that. I misplaced my copy but I knew nothing about the subject and my truck looks like it came that way.One can of gas and a match should do nicely!
i dont knowAlso known as a banana kick, the checkside punt is a kicking style used in Australian rules football. When kicked, it bends away from the body and is usually used when a set shot for goal is lined up on a narrow angle. In Rugby League, the banana kick's best exponent has been Newcastle Knight's half-back Andrew 'Joey' Johns where it is used to confuse the defensive side.http://www.altavista.com/web/results?itag=ody&q=Banana+Kick&kgs=1&kls=0. . several sites, but NOTHING pertaining to motorcycles.  sorry.Its when you slip and fall on a banana peel and accidentally kick someone in the groin on the way down.Long curvy sidestand as featured on choppers in the 70's.i think it's a bomb.It's a fungus that grows on the banana tree. It's made into a drink that will kick ass. yummyBanana Kick - A kick (usually a long corner kick) that curves so much that it take the shape of a banana.   The idea is to curve the ball from the corner directly into the goal.is it when you get kicked in the nuts from falling off a banana seat?when i kick you in your bananas lol
Both cars are extremely reliable once they are treated well. Japan make the most reliable cars on the roads, if not the most exciting. The only problem you may have is the way the previous owner/owners drove the cars, which can make a huge difference to their reliability.The supra is probably more reliable than the mitsu.  I would avoid the turbo models in both, as repairs can easily be more expensive than the car is worth.
Check on the left side of the gas tank underneath, and see if there is a knob sticking out. If so, have the motor running and then turn this knob probably clockwise to increase the idle. I have a ZX-11, and that is how you adjust the idle on it.I agree with Strafer987 but also make sure you are in nurtal or holding the clutch incut it in have
did u put on gaskets wrong,. like not clean surfaces well enough, or is it runnig down from somewhere eles like the pipes with o rings on top of trans.You're still leaking from the head somewhere.  Check the manifold gaskets on the intake.If it's just water coming out when you first start it, it's just condensation.  If it's coolant, you have a blown head gasket and you will have coolant in your oil.  If it's a blown gasket and you ride it, it will seize, and that is not a happy experience.first be sure it is coolant. sometimes a drip out the exhaust is only condensation. check the drip to be sure before you start pulling the bike back apart.Were the heads rebuilt, maybe they are cracked or warped.
try push the fluid whit litte air the fliud cap have a hole you can put some aire thercheck the rubber brake hoses for a restrictionthey have a metering valve just under the Mast. Cylinder...any large loss of pressure closes the line to prevent fluid loss.  most ABS systems need to be power bled... ( fed under pressure from the fill neck of the master cylinder)
Wash it with cold water.NO,NO!! from what you described it appears probably that his right naso-lacrimal duct** is blocked which may be a congenital anomaly, if yes- no cause for alarm and its managed with antibiotic eyedrops/massage etc...sometimes it may require a minor surgical procedure where the doc would dilate the canal..even all this you'd know only if you visit a good paediatrician or ophthalmologist NOT optician please! Dont sweat, and here's wishing your sonny a speedy recovery.. ** (a canal that connects the eyelid apparatus and the inner side of the nose, on either side you have) looks like you sonnyboy has a condition known
It's a sporty, manly thing....mostly.....Cause their hands are too busy putting their Make-up on to shift!I love to drive a stick shift. In fact, I learned to drive on one.. I always thought, that automatics are for " lazy people".. Now I'm one of them.(ha ha ha)Cause it's just too much work.
A concept vehicle is a car/truck that a manufacturer builds to try out new ideas and to get public reaction before building or redesigning a car.  A lot of concepts never make it to the market, but you will see aspects of them appear on different cars that are in production.  Sometimes a concept car will make it to production, but don't be surprised to see slight changes when it appears in the showroom.Show cars built by various companies that possibly, if given enough backing, MAY be built and produced. Most aren't, though.cars that show wut the company has in mind. most concepts dont ever see the market, but some do. . . . its basically supposed to be a really kewl car to show what the company is made of, lol.Vehicles that are really cool but that never get built by the car company sponsoring them.. . The car companies have been building a lot of hydrogen fuel cell powered concept cars out there.  Sounds good in principle, until you ask the question "Where can I get hydrogen from?"  You might recall that there are several methods of hydrogen production from science class, but none of these are appropriate for producing hydrogen in mass quantities.  To get that, you need to get it from fossil fuels.  Which takes you right back where you started from.Concept cars are basically design experiments intended to showcase what a company is capable of.  Usually it's done by one of the big auto makers to preview designs they'll put into production later.
Either can can buy a car that is really cheap with money that you've saved up or you can find a place that will allow you to pay a weekly note directly to them. At 650 per month there isn't a bank in the world that I feel will give you a car loan unless you put a ton of cash down.Get someone to co-sign the loan.Ya, your best bet is lookin in the classifieds in ur local papper. You can usually find a decent looking car, thats cheap and will get u around. I mean it not gonna be no bmw, but it will be good transportation.
Years ago we used to (carefully) screw in a self tapping screw with a fiber washer and a metal washer, but thta depended on how big the hole was.. . Safest way is to take it to a repair shop, they will either steam clean it inside, or fill it full of nitrogen or simlar once cleaned to weld it.Assuming it's a small hole, go to your local auto parts store, and get a blister pack of gas tank repair. It's a putty, and very easy to use. Clean the area around the hole with a BRASS bristle brush until it's shiny. Knead the repair putty until it's the correct color (follow the instructions), shape it into a cone, and push the point of the cone into the hole. End of repair. If it's big, you'll need another tank, repair would require welding, and the only place you'll find anyone dumb enough to weld on a gas tank is Yahoo! Answers.duct tape or gum will do the trickThe safest way is to remove the tank and take it to a shop that fixes gas tanks. Some radiator shops do this.take it to a mechanicTake it to a reputable shop to determine the real source.  Replace the tank if it is the leak source if not repairable, but if repairable, have it repaired.
go to the dealer and have them check the car/truck over. you can check the makers webpage for recall info.Have the VIN, either call the dealership or call Honda, they will be able to pull a warranty history and see if the recall has bee en done.. . Jerry. http://www.usedcarwise.comContact a local Honda dealer, they have all the recalls on file and you can schedule an appointment to have them check the car over to make sure that all of the recalls have been taken care of.call dealer and give the vin number to them (the number on dash visible from outside of vehicl) they will tell u they have to by lawhttp://www-odi.nhtsa.dot.gov/cars/problems/recalls/recallsearch.cfm. . http://www-odi.nhtsa.dot.gov/cars/problems. /recalls/recallsearch.cfm. . (The whole URL would not cut/paste correctly.)Call your local honda dealer!Go to your dealer and ask them.  They will tell you.  I went in for  a totally different repair and they told me my seatbelts needed replaced on my 1987 Accord  (that's old!).    They get good money from honda to fix those so they'll be more than happy to help out.go to the dealership and ask them to check. all they should have to do is run the vin number and it will say  in the computerGo here:. . http://www-odi.nhtsa.dot.gov/cars/problems/recalls/recallsearch.cfm
A K&N filter should give a car like that a little bit more power. But with that engine, you really cannot do much. It is cheaper to trade it in for a sports car than it is to try to hotrod your car.go to a larger throttle body, cold air intake" a good one not cheap one" header, and larger exhaust with performance cats....trade it inOne word dude: rockets.nitrus usually works but damn is it expensive. try just adjusting the throttle. if its manual switch the throttle with one from an old mustang thatll give u some boost
I assume you need to pop the clip off the back side of the handle? Try using a shop towel held in both hands, you will eventually catch the edge of the clip and pop it out of the groove releasing the window crank.They,(the powers that be),make a simple little tool that slides behind the window crank. Check out AutoZone,etc. Costs 'bout 10 bucks or less! Also if you can afford it, the little tool to gently remove the door panel from the door without tearing the little plastic fasteners out of the door panel.Get the Chilton book.  If you don't want to buy one, check your library.I think you just need to pull it off :-)
the cars that they donot have backLOOK AT A MAZDACars with two doors, have hardly a back seat and usually the back window of the car comes up with the trunk.its two door cars that are very short in the back, kinda roundish (such as a acura rsx)cars which have curved backs (I think).A hatchback is an automobile design, consisting of a passenger cabin which includes an integrated cargo space, accessed from behind by a hatch or flip-up window. Hatchbacks are also often called three-doors (two entry doors and the hatch) or five-doors (four entry doors and the hatch) cars. In Europe, city cars, superminis, and small family cars are usually hatchbacks.small cars that open on back and clear to front seat
make sure the bike is prepared for use on public roads,  have liability insurance and take the bike to your DMV. (Use a trailer to be safe)Take the title (proof of ownership) and your insurance card (proof of insurance) and your license (proof you are you) to the motor vehicle office in the state you wish to register it in, and say "I want to register my motorcycle."  Bring your checkbook.Call the DMV of the state that you intend to register in.  Or, check their website.
There should be a handle beside the gear selector whether it be Auto or Manual. You can choose between 4x4hi, 4x4low or part time 4x4. Generally you use 4x4 hi for soft roads, wet conditions etc and 4x4 low for more serious 4x4ing because it uses low down torque. Make sure you are at complete stop before attempting to change the system and also note that the car will use more fuel when in 4x4 mode.it either has a lever with locking hubs or a switch on the dash or it can be in 4wd all the time depends on the year.put it in neutral, and then use the gear shift to set in in 4wdput your collum shifter in neutral than your 4 wd shifter in 4wd There ya go.
i dont really understand why the above was applicable...however it was funny (if u were joiking) but if you werent then YEAH KICK HIS ASS and stand up for yourself.. Anyways yes i do like motorbikes.. . . :) xxxWhat are you talking about?You definetly need to get a life you sik puppy...Gunther is still mad about them sheets you messed up... he will get over it though.. jimmie... nahh he dont pay much attention.. hes watching the Jetsons and you know how he gets into that... ooh I love motorcycles :)Maybe because you're an idiot!!Hey DJ.   Good to hear your out of the cage and finally relieved yourself of Gunther. I told you the poison thing would work. But now, just think ahead and don't worry about Gunther, I'll take care of him.
When the buttons are made noone knows if they are going to be used in a drive through or not. They have only one type (the one with brail) and that what they use. It makes sense.Just look at drivers on the road!!!  Then you realise why it's needed!!!!!!
Murphy's LawWell mine just did, cracked a head and I was putting it up for sale. If you find out, let me know!If you knew you were being sold wouldn't you just want to break down and say screw it not going anywhere? I had the same prob. with a VW Fox.Because she's pissed off.Murphy's Law, expect the unexpected and bad things will happen at the absolute most inopportune moment.  Just how things happen sometimes.because you have cared for the car and it knows that its next owner will mistreat it and it loves you so much. and she wants you to fork over thousands to fix her because she loves you very much and wants you to keep her
you talking about tar? bumper stickers?    road tar ...use a softening agent like diesel fuel just a little on a rag or they make a road tar remover in a spry can at most auto parts storesYou can also use lemon juice, WD-40, or denatured alcohol.  If your working on a painted area, be sure to test first in a hidden area like a door jam, trunk or hood.you can also use a hair dryer to loosen the glue if its a bumper sticker type thing
I live in canada and here u get the image of a normal car. Not anything like "uncool" or anything. Mazda has some sporty cars too but those things dont pop in ur hear when u hear the word cuz most of the ones youve seen are just normal and not so sporty.I think of Zorastrians.  Now there's something for you to look up in the encyclopedia.a cheap piece of crap trudging along a country roadI think of Spinning Rotors!making out with this girl i used to hang out with, in her little miata.... . good times... =)the new car... which i have heard looks nice but doesn;t work as nicelya dumb car with a I4 engine in itJunk. Crappy Clutches. Poor Customer Service. Terrible Dealerships. Will NEVER own again.I think of quality engineering. I think of trucks with Mazda written across the back. I think of my old faithful car. I think of the MX5 and the RX8. They are cool cars.I think of my gfs old MX6 or whatever it was, some old beater. haha. -Duo
well you have to use toolseasy, do you know how to disassemble one its just the oppositebetter buy 1Very patiently. Assembling modern vehicles is almost impossible today, because you need a lot of equipment that only licensed mechanics have.Piece by piece.
The relevance only is in Angle of Attack..using the bernoulli principle to which i was taught as an Airline Pilot and Instructor... with an increased angle of attack, the air will still have to travel a greater distance over the upper surface than the lower...here lies your answer. (Even on a symmetrical laminar flow wing)You need to separate the terminology from wing shape and airflow.. . The term "Laminar Flow" describes the smooth, uninterrupted movement of air flowing over a surface, and not necessarily the shape of the wing.  There are many different airfoil shapes that can be said to have laminar flow, as long as the airstream stays attached to the surface of the wing.  . . A symmetrical wing uses the Coanda effect, and requires a much greater angle of attack and much more power to maintain lift than a conventional wing does.A part Bernoulli's is not correct.  I'm not sure which one though.  You may want to look into that.Michael - It's all in the angle of attack, not laminar flow!. . And Bournoulli and Newton's  forces are really just different ways of expressing the same physics.. . Here's the story. As a  kid, did you ever hold your flattened hand out the window of the moving car (at say 25-35mph) and simulate an airfoil?  By rotating your wrist, you could change the angle of attack and produce an up-or-down force.  The change in drag associated with changes in angle of attack were vey apparent as a varying backward force on your arm. . . Same thing with an aircraft airfoil. Doesn't matter whether the airfoil is symetrical or not, or whether it's laminar flow (LF) or not!  At positive angles of attack, lift will be created, along with drag. CReating lift creates drag. It's named "induced drag", to differentiate it from the drag of skin friction.  One reason dessigners like LF is that with it, you get greater lift and less drag than without.. . In its simpliest concept then, lift is created by the force (pressure)of the airstream hitting the bottom of the wing (a'la Newton)due to the angle of attack. This increase in pressure on the bottom (a'la Newton), coupled with the longer path and higher speed of the air flowing over the top (a'la Bournoulli), causes "lift". So whether you ascribe lift to Newton or Bournoulli, it comes back to the same physics. There's no mysterious forces associated with it, as some wouldd have you believe.. .   By the way, I am not aware of ANY practical aircraft airfoils that exhibit laminar flow across the entire chord!  Usually the laminar flow breaks down around 30-to-50% of the chord. I own a Glasair, a smooth fiberglass structure, which has what is called a "laminar flow" airfoil designed by Dan Somers of NASA (see NASA Technical Paper 1865, June, 1981). It achieves laminar flow under ideal conditions (no "contamination" present on the wing, i.e. bugs or rain) over about 40% of its chord.. . So the great fuss over LF is just about efficiency. The aircraft designer wants more lift at less drag. LF is the way to get that, but at what cost?. Most airplanes are designed without LF airfoils, and fly satisfactorily, because (1)it's rather difficult (read expensive)to build LF wings compared to non-LF, (2) normal real-world efects, such as bugs & moisture, quickly reduce or completely destroy LF, and (3) the gain with LF while significant, isn't all that great. . . In sum - wing's produce lift as a result of angle of attack,. and LF wings can operate at greater efficiency than non-LF, but there's economic trade-offs to consider - juat as with all apects of machinery!. . Hope's this helps clarify things for your students.  Personally, I find the "hand-out-the-window) concept usually brings it home to the kids I talk to in the EAA Young Eagles Program.Lift is not produced via Bernoulli (or at least not enough to fly), in spite of popular beliefs. The Coanda effect and Newton's law has much more importance. Check the first link in the source for a physical explanation and the second for a simulation.
use a multiple relay. or consult an auto electrician.what you need is a 5 prong relay. you need to hook up a power source to the relay then to the flasher. also a power feed from your switch to the relay and a ground. in person i can do better.It would appear that the power source for the flasher unit is commng from the headlight switch. You will need to locate this wire and connect it to a power source that is live, depending when you want the lights to flash use line is only live when the key is on ACC or ON  so that when you remove key you won't flattern battery by forgetting to turn lights off
Either drop the sail or let air out of the tires on your trailer.. . Good Luckmake a large hole in the bottom of the boat.Take the Mass down. or pay someone to raise the bridge.
Tell him to get his own bike.its called a butterfly, or you can force it open if you take the muffler off.There is a restrictor in the exhaust pipe. Remove the pipe from the bike. The restrictor is between the exhaust pipe and the exhaust port on the engine. just remove it.
On MOST radios, you set the station by pressing the button and holding it in for about 5 seconds. My radio will give a "BEEP" when the station is set.It could be two diffrent ways. One hold the number that you want to be a preset and wait until it blinks or beeps. Other wise its going to have a set button that you will press then press the number that you want for the presat.
I would go to Yahoo maps and type in the 2 locations. It will give you time and distance.its over 1,000 miles. I been to Quebec and traveled through Niagra Falls to get there and it took about 3 days driving to get there so you're looking at a week to get there unless you drive all night and day.The distance is approximately 372 miles.. . Give or take a few miles depending on what part of each city you are starting/ending from.Try www.mapquest.comUse www.mapquest.comyahoo map it....maps.yahoo.com
GO WITH THE CYLINDER (GM # 26033390 FOR A.T. OR 26033387 FOR M.T.).  THAT AND A NEW KEY WILL FIX YOU UP.  IF YOU DON'T WANT TO GO THOUGH ALL THAT BUY A V.A.T.S. BYPASS FROM ECKLER'S CORVETTE, FIND THE TWO SMALL ORANGE WIRES AT THE BASE OF THE COLUMN AND PLUG IT IN.  THEN YOU CAN USE $1.00 KEYS INSTEAD OF $40.00 KEYS.Capacitors in DC circuits tend to isolate the battery from ground.  If you removed the capacitor, you may be throwing ground onto a hot circuit.it's your ignition cylinder.. there is a chip in the ignition key that is read by a sensor in the cylinder.they tend to go out.i am almost 100 % sure that is the problem...the cylinder is about $80.00. you will also need new keys when you purchase the new cylinder, they cost about 35-40 $ each.....IGNITION CYLINDER SENSOR NOT READING THE IGNITION KEY. KEY HAS A COMPUTER CHIP FOR SECURITY. IF CYLINDER DOES NOT READ THE CHIP,OR CHIP ON KEY GOES BAD,CAR WILL NOT START.
my girlfriend owns a honda civic coupe it has just about 225000 miles on it and it funs smooth still. she has never had the engine rebluit or anything, but does does maintaine the car very well oil changes, spark plugs, timing belt. the timing belt didnt need replacement, but she did it anywayI own a 91 civic got 260,000 plus miles and still going everydayI have a friend at work that has over 450.000 miles on his car. The only thing he does is change the oil (synthetic oil) and all the normal thing you should do to your carI have 205000 on my 1990 std hatch, and it still runs great, as long as you take care of a honda engine it will run forever. :-)it's not an accord or civic, but the guy who sold me my civic.... his dad had a prelude with 650,000...saw it myself, and this was 3 years ago!!! still running strong!140,000 and still running strongi have a 96 and she has 170k and still pursI don't have one but i have a friend who has one at 230,000 and it is still in decent shape.
to remove enamel use acoleman propane fuel keep it about 4" away and TAKE YOUR TIME remeber, if you have the time to paint your bike , you have the time to do it right.Sand it down to the base and don't use a chemical remover, use sandpaper and elbowgrease!It needs to be etched then with an etching compound, this helps the paint to adhere, then prime it, then apply your acrylic paint. Good luck!You can apply minimal amount of paint remover.. instead of sanding hard.. After you remove the paint sand it by using #400 Sandpaper.. Then apply spray paint Epoxy-Acrylic paint. . Apply this 1st coating..after 5min-10mins, re-apply your final coat... Much better to paint in good weather...You can sandblast your tins,plastic or metal.
It depends on the car, size and the segment of the car. . . Universal colour is Silver Grey and whie too - it suits on all types of cars.black and red!! so damn sexy..Black may be sexy, but the colors red or yellow create the highest visibility on the road besides looking sharp!BLACK. IT LOOKS SEXYBLACK & ORANGE !!!sliver or gold because it's nice and neutralI like either black or yellow.If it was yellow I would have black leather interior.black is nice cuz its classy and cool. then i like silver cuz it sayz im too cool for u so get outta my way.i guess blue anything to dark in the summer it will get hot insideASH , Red , dark Green and Blue . This are my favourite colours.black but my car is dark red and i like it just the samei prefer black ..... its my fav colourSilver Grey. . It doesn't need cleaning like a white car.. It doesn't show scratches like a black car.. It doesn't look awkward like cars in primary colors Red, Green, Blue.. It doesn't stick out like Yellow or Pink cars which look ugly.depends in the make and model of the car  but my prefe colour 4 cxars is red and yellowblack white or blue, black cars look cool as hell but they show every little speck of dirt, white cars hide dirt or salt in the winter, and blue just because it's my favorite color
Get a permit . I think you can get a 10 day so you can move itGet a temporary moving permit from your Department of Motor Vehicles.  You will need insurance for the day also.Don't be silly.  Everybody knows that you can't legally operate an unregistered car on American roads.  Either register it and drive it, or put it on a car-carrier.You have to go to the DMV and get a "1 day trip slip", fill it out and stick it on the right lower side of the windshield. Since it's not registered you can't drive it at all UNTIL THE DAY OF THE TRIP! This happened to us in December cause we crashed our car on the way to California, bought a car that didn't even have lisence plates but couldn't drive it until the day of the trip or we would be heavily fined and would have to register in CA and back home! Call DMV it should cost you $15 for the slip.Put it in a fridge and sneak it out.
Its a 3/4 Ton Pick, you expecting really good mileage. Its a Pick up truck for Pete's sake. As for the F-150. Yes. Its does but not much.If you drive straight highway, it should get a little more than that, but in town, or half town, and country its normal.. I will never understand why people buy F 250 instead of F150.I wish I could get an 5.4 litre engine to do 10 MPG and I'm a mechanic! This is not just a normal gas mileage it's an excellent gas mileage, especially with such a heavy vehicle. Jules. Australia.hey,, it could be worse, we own a Dodge 318 magnum.. gets 9 mpg and only makes about 170hp... Dodge Dakota V6s get the same and make about 140hp... . Those Triton engines are junk anyway,, be prepared for them to spit out spark plugsV-8 5.4L. . You answered your own question.  Ford is not building trucks for fuel economy.thats normal.Try installing a Flowmaster muffler and K&N air filter.It improved my '02 F-150 about 15 more miles a tank.10 mpg for a 3/4 ton truck with a 302CID is quite normal.  You can use your cruise control, keep tire pressure on the high side of recommended, avoid jack-rabbit starting and stopping, use the windows instead of the air conditioner and all these other driving habit tips to stretch your gas mileage a little bit. But you have a truck! If you want to haul a load or tow a trailer, you need power and that takes energy (fuel)
It would help if you gave make and model,year.It depends on what kind of car you have. Generally it means fuel injector #3 control circuit malfunction.
Figure on taxes and motor vehicle fees down.  5% is an excellent rate in today's economy.what do you mean by 5%, are you talking about interest rates? the usual down payment is about 20% of the selling price to buy a car right, this helps to protect your money from accruing negative equity down the road and covers your tax title license, it is very important to do at least 20% of the selling price down. It also serves as a committment to the banks
sell itkeep it tuned and never drive faster than 55. IT WORKS!You can't use vegetable oil in a standard car. And just go to your grocery store. Vegetable oil costs like $7-$8/gallon, not cheap.. . The only thing for a standard gasoline car is . 1. Keep tires inflated to max pressure.. 2. Make sure your air filter is clean.. 3. Do a tune up and replace spark plugs and wires.Nope. You can't use vegtable oil (are you putting us on??)  Slow down..cut down on needless car trips..get practical..get a manual transmission if it does'nt have oneforget it, unless its diesel you can't.change the oil and tune it up. unless it's diesel it won't run on old vegetable oil.drive nice, coast when you can. keep your air filter clean and check your tire pressure.The most important thing to increase fuel economy is your driving habits. Don't accelerate hard, drive at a constant speed. After that make sure your air filter has been replaced. I perfer K&N filters but any will work, and have your spark plugs changed if it hasn't been done for awhile. Other than that not much can be done.
The Open Sky Policy states that there should be a convertible in every driveway.what the us do not permit between us and uk due to protection of their inefficient national carriers.The Open Sky Policy has mandated free competition under fair and equal conditions for all carriers and content providers, ending a history of limited broadcast offerings.Its a government policy about pllution i believeA policy that allows aircraft of any nation to fly over a particular territory..  . One benefit is it allows cargo services between countries.. . Another is for cargo and passenger it leads to expanded growth for international aviation service, creating new business for international air carriers. Growth in these services results in increased travel and trade, productivity, high-quality job opportunities and economic growth.Thereby they  can provide affordable, convenient, and efficient air service for consumers.In simple terms the Open sky Policy basically means allowing foreign Airlines into the country to operate their flights to and from the destinations in the country without any restrictions. I think the advantages the country will derive are a competitive and consumer-oriented market and convenience to the consumers.I think the main beneficiaries will be the travellers who will benefit from the competition.i dont know sorry lol
http://www.troublecodes.net/. . Good luckYou need to go to a parts store and puchase a manual that tells you what the code means. The better manuals even give you tips and advice on how to diagnose as to why the code was activated in the first place. Many parts stores sell these kind of books. All else fails take it to a dealership. Hope this advice helped you out a little.Your codes need to have the year, make and model with them for us to answer your question. I might have the manual and can look it up and give you some ideas, but not with out knowing what your driving.
main reason is power output. generally, the more cylinders in the engine the more fuel it can burn at any moment in time. the more fuel you burn, the higher the power produced by the engine.. as an example, you can buy most cars these days with a choice of engine sizes. in the same car if you have a smaller engine it have a lower top speed, accelerate slower and be able to pull less weight, but the upside is that you use less fuel in day to day driving.Power. Larger engines with more cylinders have more power, which is sometimes needed for pulling trailers or hauling rocks or whatever. Smaller engines are for people who simply want to get from point A to point B as economically as possible, so more power is not needed.. . The V6 engine is for those who want a little more pep without the high cost (in gas) of a V8.It all depends on what the individual person or the manufacturer wants out of a vehicle.  For instance, the Dodge Dakota (small truck) had options for 4, 6, and 8 cylinder engines...so it can be ordered for economical hauling or power towing.  Sometimes there are no choices on the engines because the manufacturer doesn't think there should be.  Bottom line: The more choices of engines, the broader the target consumer...more choices equals more customers.well thats easy more the cylinders more the horspower what determines the amount of cylinders in a car or truck would be the size of vehicle and what it was design for big trucks need big motors small cars small motors for fuel effienencyMore cylinders provide smoother operation, less noise and vibration and more power.that's mean more power and more engine stability
On that truck, you basically get to remove basically all the accesories brackets and you get to remove the timing belt, it's cover and all to remove the water pump.... . Get a manual as that water pump is not for the inexperiencedYour best answer would be to go to your local autoparts store. Buy the correct part. Ensure it has a seal that goes with it. If not, buy the seal as well. Buy some pre-mixed 50/50 coolant. Look in the literature section. Pick up a Chilton or a Hanes reference manual for your car, and work from that. . . Sources such as this forum can be un-reliable, and you don't get pictures to look at.. . Please do me one favor though. Dispose of your coolant in the proper fashion. No ruining of the environment please!YOU DON'T REALLY EXPECT ANYONE TO ANSWER THAT ...DO YOU....?. THERE WOULD NOT BE ENOUGH SPACE TO WRITE ALL THAT .
go to yahoo autos and search for one otherwise check your local newspaperYou can do several different things. listed below.... . www.AutoTrader.com   < great site, bought my car there.. . www.Cars.com. . and also look in your local paper for local listings so that way you don't have to drive far to find the car you want... . Good Luck with your buying experiance!where are you?. Carmax if there is one near you. Toyota dealership
If you own a business then leasing gives you a write off. If you are an individual you are better off buying a car so you don't have to replace it in a few years. There are also stiffer penalties for missed or late payments on a lease, much worse than making payments to buy the car. We buy used cars on ebay that are still under warranty because it is much cheaper than buying a new car and if something is wrong you can get it fixed under the warranty. If there is still at least 30 days and 1000 miles left on the warranty you can extend it. We got good deals on three used cars under warranty through ebay. Check the blue book value before you bid to make sure you are getting a good deal. Also, check the vin number with the service department of the dealer before you bid to make sure there is still lots of time on the warranty. Read all the feedback comments on the seller to make sure he is ethical before you bid and call the dealer with the VIN number to ask when the warranty expires.earn the money buy yhe car you wantLook at it as the same as renting or buying a home. Once the lease is up, you have nothing, but the lease payments will be smaller then if you buy it. It will depend on how much you drive in a year, and how often you need to "have " a new car, as to which one will be better for you.The most obvious downside of owning versus leasing is the monthly payment, which is usually higher on a purchased car. Additionally, the dealers usually require a reasonable down payment, so the initial out-of-pocket cost is higher when buying a car.. . The website I indicated below gives both pros and cons of  both options. When I was in business, it was cheaper and more cost effective to lease. Tax breaks etc. The only problem we had with leasing was the limited miles available.. . Good luck.Most lease deals require a big wad of money up front and a down payment on the lease. Then you pay a monthly amount for so many months, and finally the buyout -- a nice ablloon payment at the end if you decide to keep it. A leased car allows so many miles a year. Go over that amount say for example, 12000 miles. You get charged a fee for 'x' number of miles over that. That allows them to resell the car with lower mileage. Most leases have special fine print. Read it carefully before signing. If you donot understand it, ask for a copy and talk to a lawyer. Most lawyers or lawyer wannabees can explain it to you.. . For my money, buy a car that you can afford the monthly payments on. Don't forget the high cost of insurance for being a teenager. ALso, mom and dad are not the fountain of moany. Pay for your own gas, or stay home!There are lots of good answers here about the difference between buying and leasing, however they may not matter because I doubt you'll find a legitimate company that will lease a car to someone your age.. . Do your homework before you buy a car. Figure out what it will cost for gas, insurance, parking and car payments. Don't expect your friends to chip in - even if they say they will. Cars are a huge investment.BUY ONE THEN YOU OWN IT .LEASE IS WHEN YOU PAY MONTHLY PAYMENTS,THEY SERVICE IT, TAX IT,AND YOU HAND IT BACK AFTER A SET PERIOD WITH NO GAINyou'll never own the leased vehicle... . you will have to return it when your lease is up... . its like renting a car...I suggest you save some money and use that to pay cash for a car. You dont want car payments while you are in college. It will cut into the Pizza and Beer budget! Besides, if you have a payment, you will have to work abunch of hours while trying to go to school just to make the big payments. Borrowing money for a car is not a smart thing to do ever. My suggestion? Save up about $3-4000.00 and get a nice Ford Escort ZX-2. sporty, cheap to maintain, cheap to insure and cheap on gas! Besides, you dont want to take a really nice newer car into the parking lots at school...It will get trashed with door dings! Good luck with whatever you decide. My best hope is that you will save up the money and pay cash for it...If you always pay cash for your cars, and live on less than you make, you will never want for money...Well, when you lease a car they don't use Vaseline.  That's about it.Leasing a car for a 17 year old is just not smart in my opinion. Be better off if the 17 year old got a job and bought the car themselves. And paid for the insurance. And the gas.u will want to buy a car out right because ur insurance will be higher.  I pay for 170 more then the average.  also try not to get a sports car.   if you lease u will need to cosigner, try to get someone with a good credit score.if u lease a car u wont own it so id buy 1 or get 1 on hp thats wot id do
how about transmission fluid? there should be a port around the top of the motor label for such. gear oil is used on manual gearboxes.There will be a dipstick for the transmission under the bonnet (hood). You might have to look hard, some of them are not very evident. Make sure you use the correct transmission fluid for your car (there are different types for different cars, check your owners manual) and fill from the dipstick spout using a small funnel. MAKE SURE YOU DON'T MISTAKE THE ENGINE OIL DIPSTICK FOR THE TRANSMISSION.
this is a mazda diesel engine it was also used in tempo / topaz bodies. it is a well designed engine, however the camshaft timing belt is impossable to service with the engine in the car ; i believe that this was also true for escort body, reccommend  remove transmission with engine  and replace all seals timing belt[s] {the 2nd belt is camshaft to injection pump} water pump and rubber water hoses while engine is out if your going this far you may as well install a new clutch NOTE THE BODY AND INTERIOR MUST BE IN DECENT SHAPE or this job is not worth doing yes it is a fuel sipper but as a total package it may pay off in the long run to do somthing different, unless you realy love the car? these realy wern't bad, much quicker than diesel golf/rabbitand a hell of alot more reliable.once the belts and covers and manifolds are off it is a normal cyl head job [you will need new cyl head bolts because they are the one time use stretch type] and keep everything chemicaly and microbioticly clean.Head gaskets are a lot of work. You pretty much have the strip down the entire top of the engine. Not impossible to do for someone mechanically inclined, but not an easy task.You mean one of those cars still exists............?And when working on a diesel, cleanliness precedes Godliness.if you have to ask, it is very difficult...
They have gone from simple gas engines that were easy to repair to electronic computerized marvels that you need a degree to fix the damn things. They used to be gas guzzlers and the good thing is that they are more fuel efficient. They used to be built like tanks and now they are lightweight death traps.en.wikipedia.com  best sorce for stuff like that
if you have access to a Dremel tool, and the cut off wheel attachment, simply make the the groove in the tamperproof flat deeper, so that a flat blade screwdriver will work.  It is VERY easy to do.  If you don't feel comfortable doing it, take it to a shop.  Snap-on makes special tools for removing those pesky buggers, and chances are the techs there can get it out.you will have to drill them out with an electic drill.  Be sure not to drill them too large or you will ruin the hole.  Then put in new screws.  If the screws mount in white nylon inserts, pop those out and replace them as well.
!~ go to the out-pound~! (>_<) LOL !http://www.ask.com/web?q=how+can+i+find+a+car+that+was+inpounded%3F&qsrc=0&o=0. . if it was impounded because you were arrested, you need to call the police dept. to see which tow company took it, if it was towed for being in a non-parking area like a private business, ask that business who they use....otherwise, you'll just have to call around to the towing businesses...good luckYou call the local police and find out where they towed it to and how much it will cost to get it out.Contact your local police department.  If your car was impounded they would be able to tell you where your car is located and who impounded it.If it's your vehicle, contact your local law enforcement agency. Repossesors are required to notify law enforcement of any vehicles they take possesion of and of where they are taking the vehicle. If it was impounded by any law enforcement, they will also be able to give you information as to where it is being stored as well as any fees required to get it back. Good luck!call the police dept if it was them or where it was parked...store....and ask who they usedcall the place that impounded itAscertain what city it was in and call the city hall and/or police department.  If it was private property, look for signs that specify where they tow vehicles or a number to call.  Otherwise, call the police because it sounds like your car is stolen.  IF a private property owner had it towed and did not have a warning sign posted, thay may be civilly and criminally liable.
Revving the engine is when you press on the gas pedal while the car is in neutral or park.  I recommend not doing this unless you absolutely have to because it can cause some damage to an engine if it is not necessary."Revving the engiine" is basically a fancy word for stepping on the gas. From what you said, I take it your car doesn't move forward when you take your foot off the brake, BEFORE giving it any gas? If so, that is because your idle speed is set at a low level. It can be adjusted to a higher level, but if the car runs fine, I wouldn't worry about it; the lower idle speed saves a little gas anyway. If your car is dying at the stoplight or suffers from a performance problem, then you should consider taking it to someone who knows what they are doing and have the idle adjusted. Hope this helps.Rew is adding fuel by stepping a pedal, so yes, you should "rev"I have the same problem with my wife's truck. Its good on gas but slow on take off. The way to help improve acceleration is to shift into 2ND then into D. 2ND provides a lower gear to take off for, but doing this will hurt your gas mileage.Of course you have to step on the gas pedal to make the car go!  How else are you going to drive it?  Are you sure that you're old enough to drive and have a license??. . "Revving" the engine usually refers to stepping on the gas pedal and releasing it quickly with the transmission in neutral or clutch engaged.  It normally serves no useful purpose.Reving the engine simply refers to adding gas and making the the engine turn more revolutions (Revs).  If your car does not move after letting go of the brake it is probaly either designed to need the engine at a Higher RPM (Revolutions Per Minute) before moving or your are experiencing whats called slipage from the transmission.  If the transmission is slipping, it would allow the car to sit still the way you describe...Your question is confusing. "Revving the engine" is pressing the accelarator with the car in neutral or park. If you have the car in drive, you have to press the accelarator for the car to move. I don't know if I answered your question or not but I tried!
gniker is correct. It means that your air/fuel ratio has more air than fuel.Or, if the air source is normal, running lean (air-fuel mixture) means the fuel part of the air-fuel mixture is below normal.   . . Is the vehicle driving lean because it is lean and mean?The air fuel ratio has too much air and not enough fuel.  Too rich would be the opposite.It means it uses a close to perfect amount of gas to produce the effects it is supposed to. A car that is not running lean will use more gas to do the same things, and probably produce more toxins per mile.
the new series of BMW helmets has bluetooth. these can be used to play music, talk on phone, talk to pillion, etc. plus you don't have to worry about someone stealing it off the bike when you leaveYou need to think apoud getting a roof for your moped first, so that the radio doesn't get wet when it rains.try a mp3 playerYou can get helmets with earphones in them. I think that's your best bet.A jambox and bungee cords. A dead friend of mine used to do this on his 81 Lowrider because he liked the stereo on my Tourglide. A plastic bag could solve the wet weather problem or you could just take it off when it looks like rain.Use duct tape.  Make sure to cover it with plastic wrap so it doesn't get wet when it rains.  You can get one off of Ebay.  Also, you will need a spearker system to install on your moped.  Cover those with plastic wrap too!
because its a volvo its a hunk o junk no offence. . . holden rulesYou might has overfilled the engine tank.Check it is within the Max and Min level.they must have a empty space for expansion.The answer you seek lies in the HQ of Volvo all you have to do is walk up to your local dealer of Volvo's and kick him in the nuts and yell "Why did you do this to me" walk away and go to the auto zone up the street and order a new cap and you will be on your way and probley get a letter in the mail requesting you to show up in court . . JUST REMEMBER EYE OF THE TIGERTO MUCH WATER IN THE EXPANSION TANKChange the cap. Bad rubber... Good Luck {:-)Replace cap and pressure test.Check your electric fan, it should be on when the car is shut off to help cool the engine....It won't show hot if you keep getting cold air under it driving but, it is getting hot or it would not boil over when shut down..Check your fans & fan relays...Also check clutch fan if equippedAfter engine shut down coolant temperatures actually will rise for a bit before it cools down. Check the coolant level after it has cooled to be sure it is not over filled. If the proper cold level is there, do not fill the expansion tank full. Engine coolant, when heated will expand and push coolant out of the over flow past the pressure cap. If the coolant level is not the trouble, have the pressure cap tested and if faulty replace. Be sure to use the recommended pressure rated cap. Water boils at 215 degrees F, but with a 50/50 mix anti-freeze and water and a 15 lbs pressure cap the coolant boil point raises to 230 degrees F. See the issue if you have incorrect levels of coolant, incorrect coolant mix or a bad pressure cap? The least cost is check for proper coolant levels, then costs occur from there.
It shouldn't unless the rotor was defective?  Had it been replaced?a brake rotor does not typically break. usually it takes an accident for that to happen. as mentioned, it could be an error in craftsmanship. otherwise, somehow, it was put under excessive stress which caused it to weaken and eventually break. i am assuming the rotor cracked or slightly fractured. unusual occurrence. i wonder what happened. also, make sure all bolts are in place. a missing bolt could cause a section of the rotor to sustain too much pressure and crack. at least your okay and it is something u can fix.well my opinion  is that the rotor was over heated in the past it became brittle(tempered)due to over applying the breaks (breaking hard ) that it was just wore out and thin , most people take for granted there breaks will be there for them when they need them but sometimes they arent as you found out it is a good idea not to fly up to the stop sighn or light but to slow down before you get there so you dont strain your brake system... oh that blackish dust on your front wheels is the brake linings from over applying your brakes!I will give you ideas of mine. (Not proof just ideas). For example if you had a break job done(replacement of the disk break pads),it is possible. That the caliper was not screwed on correctly or someone may have forgotten to put both screws in (which could cause the pads to become jammed to the rotor) Also it is possible that the break pads were not seated properly which could cause them to stick to the rotor and in turn build up heat so hot and so fast that the metal in the rotor would loose its temper( making the once hardened metal become very soft) and possible break. Next idea, the pistons in the caliper could have pushed out too far, when the break pedal was pushed, in turn causing the break pads to stick to the rotor,which would have the same effect of over heating the rotor in turn causing it to loose temper and again causing it to crack or break (this usually happens if the disc pads get worn down so far, that the pistons come out to far and cannot return, and become stuck to the rotor).  If this did happen to you, I would say that you were lucky to have not had a wreck. (Just my opinion not proof at all.) Good Luck!
Transmission component skipping-will probably need to rebuild. You should feel it skippint while driving.Points & Plugs
Because if a bus crashes and flips, it is vey difficult to get kids cut down from a bus that large, especially if a fire started. You might also notice that the roof of a school bus is rounded and smooth. This is because if the bus flips, te kids will slide on to the roof, and not be too injured, and be able to get out the fire escape windows.Great Question!!!. . I think they do but they are Tucked into the seat.some school buses do have seat beltssame reason they make motorcyclist wear helmets.. MONEY. Adults pay taxes, kids dont. Sides that would be a load of money. You gotta figure about $40-60$ per seat belt ( not seat) plus the labor to install about half an hour per seat belt at about $16-22. Just do the math and youll see. Goverenment doesnt care unless you give them money.i suppose it's because children's lives are expendable..... at least, that's how my area's schools act. but i won't go into a tirade about that. at least it's behind me now.. i really think school buses ought to have seat belts, or at least put cushions around the metal bar inside the top of each seat. all the kids crack their heads on it when the bus comes to a sharp stop. i know from experience. that metal bar really hurts.thats a good questionit helps cut down on the youth populationI thinks its because they don't like kidsIn the event of a crash, where there is danger of the bus catching fire from the engine the driver would not be able (could be knocked out, or too many kids) to help all the little kids get them off so that they could get out of the bus. Thats why some buses only have the front row with them.I think it's because they are using the same style buses from years and years ago (at least they are in my area).  I guess it wouldn't be "cost effective" to update the entire fleet to a more acceptable safety standard.. . It's pretty ridiculous.Because a bus is heavy and driven by a professional.. . If a bus hits a car, do you really think the kids are going to get tossed around much?  Definately not.  Although anybody in that car is going to have a problem...Good Question.  I work with developmentally challenges adults, and ALL of our buses have seat belts (and a lot of them know how to use them, but won't get out of them). If kids learn at an early age that seat belts are placed on the bus and to be used like the seat belts in a car, I don't see a problem being caused.. In Illinois, a child has to ride in a car in a booster seat until the age of 7. So then shy don't buses have booster seats for those under the age of 7?. It is all a matter of safety, and until enough children die in bus related accidents, I don't see it happening.. Buses didn't have to stop at Rail Road Crossings until sometime in the early to mid 1970's.  It was only when a bus was hit by a train and lots of innocent children were killed when it was finally put into law.Blimey, that is a really good question! Coaches these days have them and if you are under 15 you have to wear them, so why oh why not school buses? Perhaps you should be working for health and safety in schools.I think its because a lot of schools dont have the money to invest in bus seat belts. Especially inner city schools, and to cause change people need to stand up and do something, and not many people have.I always hated going in the bus not for the saftey belt issue but because of the bus being over crowded...this is a real safety issue there...they need to limit how many kids go on the bus...we pay enough in taxes so why not instal safety beltsconsult the national transportation safety board regarding seatbelts on schoolbuses . they allow 3 students to each full size seat  and buses are designed with the higher back seats to protect the kids in case of an accident ...children on a school bus even in a rollover accident are not usually badly injured unless it is due to the bus  going down an embankment ... i drove a brand new bus for special needs kids that did have  3 seatbelts to a seat. national transportation safety bord is the decision maker on this not the schoolsI think they are supposed to have them,but the kids move around so much they think that the kids cant handdle them cause they can choke with themSchool buses do have seat belts. May be the new ones don't but the old ones do. I grew up taking the school bus to school and there was always seat belts. Plus, my dad is a school bus driver and I go to work with him sometimes and I see seat belts.Probably because a school bus is a rather large vehicle, so if it tips over, or there is some sort of accident, people can escape more quickly.There to lazy to install!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Because it is not likely that children will die if a bus is involved in an accident. It's all about statistics.if they did, then they would know that they can't seat 3 kids,with bags, to a seat. maybe they think that if they squish the kids together, it will cushion the hit.because schools want to kill the children... i mean a kid is lucky if he dies on his way to school... its the best way... never forget:. SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!. SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!SCHOOLS ARE PRISSIONS!!!1) Kids can't sit still. 2) Kids can unhook the belts themselves so they.    wouldn"t stay buckled in anyway so a waste of.    taxpayers money. 3) Motor coaches don"t have any either. 4) Tour busses do not have seatbelts. 5) Motorcycles have no seatbeltsive always wondere thta myself it would be  a good ideaI have wonder that myself because if there were seat belts on school buses, students would be much safer if in the event the bust got in a collision.a lap belt would be the most likely thing and a lap seat belt would cause people to snap their spines therfore unable to walk.... . it just costs too much to install the 3 point belts that you see in passsenger cars...
I think you mean ethanol.  It is a type of alcohol fermented from the sugar in corn and used to fuel cars that have been converted to use it.  The gas pump that I used today had a sticker that said "May contain up to 10% ethanol".What he said, plus it also keeps you injectors cleaner.  It's a good thing to have in gas, since it's cleaner, and cheaper.
say you buy a car in new york and the dealer knows the car is going to come from van nuys california. to get the car from california to new york would be the destination charge.that's how much they charge you to get the car from the plant to the dealership(like shipping and handling charge)shipping from plant to dealers lot...when you get all the facts and figures down on paper and you settle on a price for the car, say, OH, bye the way, drop that destination charge or I'm walking out.  Why should you have to pay to have a car delivered to a showroom so you can look at it?  and buy it?  They should pay that themselves to give you the opportunity to buy it.  Or, if you trade something in on a car, charge them a delivery fee too.
I've test drivn both and found the Pilot felt more stable and seems to have a better ride. The Hilander seemed more truck like in its ride.In my opinion, the Pilot is far more stable than the Highlander.  I've driven both and the Pilot has it all over the Hilander.  The ride is surprisingly good at all speeds.65- better. . 75- BETTER. . easy.
Alfa Romeo is its own companyFiat I think.. . edit- If its not there is a Fiat division of Alfa RomeoAlfa Romeo IS the make????? Jules. Mechanic. Australia.Alfa Romeo is its own company.  They produce many models.The Alfa Romeo Automobile Company, Turin ItalyALFA ROMEO IS A MAKE AND IS OWNED BY FIAT!
Try your nearest U.S. Coast Guard Marine Safety Office  (MMO). They will be able to help you toward getting your license. You can also use some of the time that you were in the navy towards your License.Many schools in Ft Laud Fla........SEA SCHOOL on andrews should do!!
the person who made it up is frickin gay!! thats why!! ggrrrr.... u should only have to be 14!! who agrees?because as much as it sucks, kids just aren't smart enough to drive.It all depends on the state.  Requirements for permits and licenses vary.There has to be some set age to start driving and 16 is, hopefully, mature enough to make wise choices when you're behind the wheel.Because you can't see over the steering wheel and reach the pedals (on average) until about that age.. . I think the driving age should be raised to 18. The majority of all car wrecks are caused by 16-18 year olds. Most kids that age are still very careless take the most risks.That is the law in most states.  Driving should not be taken lightly, and is a very important responsibility and a privilege.Because driving is dangerous and little kids are stupid.They are hoping the extra year or so will give you better judgement.  From what I've seen, it doesn't matter when you start driving.  The first two or three years or so, before you have experience, you are still a danger.You can be 15 with a permit and a licensed driver in the car with youyou have to be 16 to drive because thats how old you are when they feel you are responsible enough to operate such a machine.b/c your mentality isnt full enough to understand just how dangerous to drive until then, even then some are still not ready- the worst drivers are the young and old, of course some both young and old are safe driversI think it should be 21.So your tall enough to see over the steering wheel. (In general)..... Most 12 year olds arent tall enough.I thing it should be 20 years old to drive. Its not a mater of if you can see the road, its how aware you are of your surroundings.because its the law! haha. Ask your dad am sure he knows it! If he doesnt, ask your mom either. hahacuz the government sux. and youre purtySo the ones who are 15 can envy you.Would YOU want a bunch of 10 year-olds drving around?
Buy some aluminum angle iron, some prefab pontoons and some plans. A TIG welder and use lotsa creativity....Put the key in and turn it.pontoon or mono-hull makes no difference. im not being a smart a** but you really need to go out with someone with experience a few times.First warm up your pontoon!Put the key in and push in for the choke while you turn the key.  Let go when it starts.Same proceedure as any outboard motor
It is fun.  That's probably why they like to do it.Cause the drag queens like to see which of them is faster in a formal length gown and 4" spike high-heels.Drag racing on a track is fun BUT on the street it is deadly. Anyone who street races is risking their life and more importantly the lives of other drivers.. . There is a time and place for racing and it's not a public roads!Why do some like to fish or ride bikes or walk or play sports or play on the computer. Its a hobby and Hobbies can be whatever you like to do. If you don't have a hobby you should find one and give it a try. Who knows maybe you should try drag racing, You might like it. Hope I have been helpfulDrag racing on a track is fun and takes quite a bit of skill.  . . On the street, it's just stupid.it is a popular hobby and has lots of fun.
the best person to ask would be your local flying instructor.. . do a web search, the turn off your computer and go and see him/her.. . where has the common sense gone?How do you go about it? Find a flight school or club, walk in and ask for flight instruction! Locate a school in your area here- http://www.private2atp.com or a club here- http://www.landings.com/_landings/pages/flying_clubs.html. . In the USA, this link explains all about the curriculm, testing and what is required- http://www.flightinfo.com/learntofly.htm. . As far as how much it will cost, that varies by your location and the going rates are in that area. . . A Private Pilot certificate, will generally cost you between $5,000 and $9,000 depending on the rental rates in your area and how fast you progress through the curriculum. . . FAA Private Pilot appkiicants must have at least 40 hours of flight time with a minimum of 10 being solo and 20 "dual" or with an instructor. . . Here is a cost estimate at a MINIMUM based on average rates:. . Cessna 172 aircraft:. 40hr x $85/hr= $3,400. Flight instruction:. Inflight 25hr x $25/hr= $625. Ground 15hr x $15/hr $225*. Books & Supplies $100. Written Test Fees $75. Flight Test Fees $300. Medical Exam $50. _____________________________. Total $ 4,775. . *Not all CFIs charge a lower rate for ground instruction.. . Note: most students take almost TWICE that amount of flight time to actually finish training, thereby doubling the cost example.. . If you apply yourself and fly 3-5 times a week you will finish for the cheapest and in the least amount of time (a month or two).KING AVIATION .COM OR CESSNA.COM AND CHECK WITH YOUR NEAREST AIRPARK . GROUND SCHOOL FIRST THEN AS YOU GO ALONG WITH THE PILOT DEPENDING HOW YOU DO IN YOUR LOG AND BOOKS . PRICES VARY NOW USED TO BE FIXED RATEGo to a flying school check the phone book for locationsFees will vary at aviation schools but most of them will let you pay as you go for your lessons. You can get your license after you have had your solo flight.
Try getting the motor chipped, also a performance air filter and exhaust system should do the trick.. . For mega power why not think about a supercharger conversion.most places you can only go 70mph. . . how fast do you wanna go? I bet you can do 70mph in 5 secsyou can go to baverian auto sports they have all kinds of parts for all bmws
5-10,but if u get one,go with K&N(assuming they make one for your car.)Their HP numbers are BS.  A performance filter is going to make little to no diffrence.  The reason it is called performance is because it allows more microns of dust into the intake manifold.  Dust in the motor is a bad thing.  . . They will claim to make HP but they don't tell you that the margin of error on the dyno is the same as the HP they are claiming.well the filter will exactly give you like 5 hp or less because its just the filter but if you get the whole intake system from hks or K&N it will boost it 15-25 hp. this will also lower your fuel usage (use less gas)those kn filters do not give 5-10 horsepower...especially to the wheel.  the power you you will get will be like .1 hp haha for a filter...with some v8s maybe getting like 3-5.  now if you are planning on getting a ram air then your talkin about 2-3 hp while a cold air could probably get your lancer around 6 or 7...Simple answer: One to two hp. . . Five to ten is unrealistic. . . Tuner answer: The gain has to do with how much less restrictive the new filter is. There are formulas to figure it out... that I no longer remember the links to since I sold my DSM. Sorry for that. . . The freest flowing filter isn't always the best. You also need to block particles. There's a bit of compomise between those two. HKS has a high flow foam filter that's worthless at stopping dust, for example. . . I'd buy a K&N. . . I/H/E is a popular bolt-on route. You won't see a lot of gain per dollar and I don't think it's worth putting too much money into the car.Not much. Most cars designed today have efficient filters in them already. Dont you think that they know you want performance and economy? Now if you are looking to add a cold air intake system on the egine and a less restrictive exhaust system, then yes you will feel a difference.I got the same Lancer as you. I had a K&N intake, and felt no diff. As for AEM, or HKS, Injen, they will boost a little more since they come with the whole system. If your looking for performance, buy some headers or exhaust system with the money. They are both around the same price range. . . Those intakes are about $200-$230 the most.. Headers for Lancers are about $230. Exhaust Systems range from all types of prices.. . But if your going the cheap way, just go to autozone, and buy the parts yourself. You will not get much, but remenber, You didn't give much either.. . Hope this helps. I have upgraded to AEM since they are one of the best. I don't seem to get much better gas mileage, but that maybe be dued to all the parts I have in my carwell BrO!. . the difference wuld be not too mucH!... it wuld be a minute one.... but... minute difference also count on trackz! . . use COLD air intake... and try to buy a good branded one!. . u can also boost a lil bit power by usin BOSCH titanium spark plugz along with Bosch spark plug wiring kiT!. . Good lUcK!5-10hp at best...it just gets the air into your car faster,  for the most gains get a cold air intake
sometimes i wonder if you even need a pulse to get a driver's liscence... you have to be a complete moron to cut infront of an 18-wheeler, slam on the brakes and then wonder why your car is a greasy spot in the freeway. there is an applicable saying: build a better idiot-proof <something>, god builds a better idiot. i have a question for you folk: are people who drive stick more alert to their driving, and thusly hit less things, than those who drive automatics?i know what u mean hon!!!!!!!  they r issued license for being ignorant....It would be too much trouble to give people a thorough test.Because some states do not even test people about what they know about signs and driving! They think they own the road and do not know how to share the road with others? i have no idea!It's  about the bad habit they are doing and don't recognize they are not doing what suppose to do it right when they drive. When you are attending driving lesson and and taking lots of test in driving school, there are good habits and safety is concerned, you will know why sometimes even the most experienced driver don't follow  the proper way of driving on the road.  Like if you are driving drunk, you know how to drive but the habit that has been developed might be the reason why there are more collisions.  And the sounds, things around that distract their attention to focus more on driving is another reason.  I don't agree about they are being licensed for being ignorant, because they had test and passed it knowing the rules and regulations and safety , Ignorance is not an excuse when you drive and got into an accident.   As  I drive, I  see many bad examples of drivers on the road and all I can do is to be careful and not follow these careless driving.
use soap and water they will come off and on better3 ways. 1) Cut them off with a razor blade.. 2) With an air compressor and blow a gun, pull the grip away from the handle bars and force air while pulling the grip off.. 3) Pull the hand grip away from the handle bar and insert a long screw driver. Spray "contact/brake cleaner" in and twist the grip off. (carb cleaner will work).. After you get the grips off, clean the handle bar and throttle, of all glue and grip material.. Use "grip glue" when installing new ones. You can get it at shops where you bought the grips.well what kinda motorcycle....?. dirt bikes and crotch rockets use rubber grips.... just cut the old grip off... clean the glue off... clean the surface of the bar with contact cleaner or some other solvent... place some grip glue on the bar (use rubber gloves) and wipe a thin layer of glue all over the bar... slide grip on(will take some doing)... but the grip wont slip off... (a neet trick if you have the means is to take an air blower and insirt it into the side of the grip closest to the center of the bar... blow air into the grip expanding the grip.. it slips right on... ) but if you ride a cruiser... just unbolt.. and switch outPush a long electrical screwdriver soaked in washing up liquid inside the grip. twist and it will become loose.depends on the bike, harley you have to remove the switch housing to get the grips off (no glue just held on by switches)My personal experience has been to cut off the old ones using a razor to start the cut and then peeling them off. When putting on the new ones, try using a citrus-based cleaner as a lubrication, it will evaporate after about an hour. If you really want them to be tight and not "spin" I would go to a golf shop and pick up the tape used to replace golf club grips..use the same citrus-based solution to slip the grips over the tape on the bars. :)I've always cut off the old ones and used hair spray, the cheaper the better, to lubricate the new ones when you put them on. the hair sprays dries into a pretty good glue. I've never had a problem with this method.
This depends on what RF you are talking about, aircrafts own radio cables use shielded core cables, and are virtually immune to spurious radio signals, and the other day MythBusters proved which has been know all along is that Cellphones DO NOT affect aircraft radio and nav systems.. . To affect instruments the radio source would have to be in the cockpit adjacent to the instrument to have any likelyhood at all of affecting them - ie within 2 inches or less.. . The aircraft floor made of Aircraft Aluminum (Duralamin) acts as a partial Faraday Shield, and blocks or attenuates the radio waves, the aircraft body does similar, but not totally.. The phones available on aircraft are satellite phones NOT cellphones and use an external aerial.RF stands for Radio Frequency. It is dangerous to the communication and navigation and Radar of aircraft because it can cause interference. As far as stopping the engines, it is possible but highly unlikely, the military has weapons that do this by sending wavelengths to overloading circuits.RF is radio frequency and it can create a spike in today's electronic systems.  The spike would look like the digital number one in a computer system.  Our large transport category aircraft have a triple redundant computer system and the sample signals are taken so quickly that the chances of a serious problem are extremely slim.  A pulsed RF burst of energy, with a large power surge could make the problem much more serious....we guard against that with shielded systems.
Lime Away, used carefully to not get it on the paint or trim. These are calcium deposits.Good ol' fashion Crest tooth paste and a buffer. The tooth paste will remove the spots, but not harm the glass. Plus it will make your glass minty fresh. Just put a little of the paste on the glass and use one of those auto body wax buffers to king of polish the glass.double OT (00) steel wool with glass cleaner
Carbon deposits will form on the valves and exhaust manifold. Take your head off and have the valves cleaned and reseated. Have the shop mill the head also before reinstalling it.. Remove the exhaust manifold and clean it out.Do you do a lot of city driving? Take it out on the interstate and do some road tripping. Carbon shouldn't be a problem.you could get a can of carb cleaner from autozone and go to work on it, depends on what kind of engine you have, carb or fuel injected
Key them in on the console inside the station. There's a manager mode on the cash register that lets them change the price.. . Old style pumps have to be set by opening the pump.Western Petroleum Company is one of the Nation's largest independently owned petroleum marketing companies. They attribute the size and growth to their extensive knowledge of the industry and the ability to meet the needs of petroleum marketers and end users in ever changing markets.. . Western provides continuous supplies of competitively priced gasolines, fuels, propane and aviation fuels for customers throughout the country. From our customer focused risk management programs to market competitive daily pricing, choosing to do business with Western is the right choice in every respect.. . Customer Service is the cornerstone of Western's business philosophy. Western employs the most knowledgeable, dedicated experts in the fuel industry. The strategic placement of Regional Representatives guarantees that your Western Petroleum Rep will understand your market's unique supply needs. They also understand that the fuel world doesn't operate on a 9-5 basis so they've got Representatives available to you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year at a toll free number - 800-972-3835.  It spells 1-800-WPC-FUEL
WOW people that answer questions are dumb!! Yes you need a line out converter that will take the signal from your deck and turn it into RCA's. The factory deck will have a good crossover you don't need that. I would mount the amp under the back deck in the trunk with self tapping screws. And that is that lol. If you don't know allot about this I would take it to me or someone like me. Best Buy or circuit city or a real good local shop " Dumb ass's"Just buy a new reciever and get an amp with built in crossovers.this is not a problem as long as your stock head unit has pre-outs on the back and of cause they are all 12v .no theres not trust me i have 2 12 inch subs and 15 inch kickers and a 1500 watt power ampYes there is.... but you'll have to splice a lot of wires.  It would probably be cheaper and quicker to buy an aftermarket radio and start from there.get a high level audio convertor from best buy 30 $ and easy to istallYou could keep the factory radio and utilize a line level converter. If your factory audio system is amplified, you can NOT splice your wires behind the radio. You will have to grab the speaker leads for the converter at the speakers. The line level converter will convert your high level speaker wires into a low level signal where you can use RCA type cables.
it is 240 hp for the J30A4 found in the 2003-2005 Honda Accord. the older one makes 200 hp, which is the J30A1 found in the 1998-2002 Honda Accordit is 221bhp in the indian model.
Typical blown head gasket sign is white exhaust, because water leaks past the gasket.  Have you visually examined around the cylinder head for signs of leaks?  You could also do a compression check on the cylinders, to see if you are getting any leaks.  Also, you can do a pressure check on the cooling system to see if there are any leaks from the head.. . I have had cars overheat.  As long as you catch it before a few minutes have gone by, there is usually no major damage.Compression test is the cheapest way. Will also let you know the condition of the rings and valves after overheating.. . ($40 for a compression tester kit at Autozone/Pepboys)A blown head gasket will produce huge clouds of white smoke from the exhaust. But sputtering under load... That sounds like a burnt valve, something Ford engines are famous for.It sounds like you are losing compression somewhere and that can be a few things, it could be the head gasket, or it could be the head itself is warped. The best way to find out IMO is a compression check of all cylinders, if you are getting normal compression in all but one cylinder, or adjacent cylinders then its a good chance the head is warped. If compression is low across the board I would suspect the gasket itself, but either way if you pull of the head you might as well send it to a machine shop to get it pressure tested and resurfaced if necessary.Check the oil and see if it looks like a chocalate shake.  If so then the gasket blew on the inside and allowed coolant to get into the oil.  Then check around the head for external leaks. Which will be coolant leaking around the bottom of the head.you can pressurize the cooling system and leave it overnight and see if there is any drop in pressure in the morning. you can also do a compression test.quickest would be to have a shop do a sniff test on the exhaustCheck the water expansion bottle, see if there is any oil in the water, you can see a film on your fingers if you dip them in the bottle. Or if it doesnt have an expansion bottle, just take the radiator cap off and dip ur fingers inside. Sorry I think maybe in USA you have different names for car parts, hope u know what im on about!Remove oil cap and check for white or caramel sludge. Remove radiator cap and look for oil in water and bubbles when engine is running. If you see any of these you most likely have a blown head gasket.check the radiator. If you see oil floating in the water then it cud be your gasket.. . The oil will be clearly visible if you try angling your vision. It would shine differently than the water.My heads were blown and I had white smoke comming out of the tail pipe.Depending on the engine, you probably cracked a head.  You can do a temperary fix if you put some silver seal in the radiator.  Do a compression test.  No, it won't tell you the condition of your rings and valves.  There is rarely damage to the rings or valves.  The rings and piston will scorch if you get it super hot, otherwise, you only comprimise the integrity of the head.  It may also have a warped head.  Is it aluminum?  If so, it's most likely warped.  If it's a 2.3 with a cast iron head (not the shiny one), then just pull the head, intake, and exhaust out together and check it thouroughly.  Look closely between the valves.  The clean combustion chamber will be the one that's sucking water.  Good luck.Check your oil, and see if you have a foamy substance on the dipstick.If you have an oil leak or can is overheating, can be symptoms.the cheapest and easy way to tell is to make sure your coolant is full leave the cap off and start the car, if a lot of coolant comes out for a long time it's a bad sign.
Sounds like a blown or leaky head gasket. Oil turns milky white when it mixes with antifreeze.Water will accumulate in the oil in colder months due to condensation. Milky looking oil is a sign that you have water in it.Water in the oil - change it.you put milk in the oil reservoirWell if your bike is water cooled it might of blown a head gasket,check your rad cap and see if is grey on the bottom of the cappretty sure you water in it, check with dealer or good bike shop what to do next. probably a good flush,if it was milky when put in why wonder now . otherwise condensation is possible if making short trips.Same reason there is sugar in your gas tank.... Eat your cereal in the kitchen not while you work on your bikeSeems your oil contaminated with water and turns into yellow milky colours.Assuming the bike is water cooled & not loseing coolant, or is air cooled.. The most likely cause is condensation, this is very common in vehicles that do very short journeys and or are running too cold due to faulty thermostat (Water cooled).. Also certain brands of oil seem worse than others.
It depends on the state. In NY, any crack will fail you, but in Montana, where I live, you don't even have to have an inspection. BUT they can pull you over for a crack if it is in your field of vision. You should contact your local DMV, or ask at an inspection station.the rules do very from state to state but as long as the crack is not posing a vison problem to you and it is not on the driver's side you would be fine for awhile. their are other rules that if it cause's the wiper's to be interferred with then it has to be fixed.If they impair the drivers vision....small cracks will usually pass.  Depends on the inspector.The rules vary from state to state.. Some states require each registered car to have an annual inspection for safety and road worthiness.. . Most auto glass repair people will tell you that a crack that is longer than a quarter is not fixable.. If you run your car through the car wash while it has a crack the extreme heat and air pressure will make the crack worse.. . In summary, if you have a rock chip or hair line crack in the windshield, then get it fixed quickly, so that it can be repaired, instead of having to replace it.In CA, you may be cited for obstruction of view, a correctable infraction (fix-it ticket).We don't have vehicle inspection in MN but do know that most police usually don't bother you if the crack is not in your direct field of vision (although if it's a long crack would be wise to replace because it weakens the glass that is supposed to strengthen and support roof if involved in rollover...
Shenzoe and palmer ahve it right.. . It is a technique used to bring a transmission and engine speed together.  The application is semi trucks.. and palmer is correct that it is easier to not double clutch and "float the gears", the downside to this is that it takes experience to hear the engine speed hit the "sweet spot" on the first try.double clutching started a long time ago because of the tranmissions that didn't have syncronized gears, you would push in the clutch and put the trans in nuetral then push in the clutch and put the trans in the next gear you wanted. that way the gears were going the same speed so as to not grind.Double clutching is hitting the bowl twice in a row (stealing the next person's turn), often because the next person is not paying attention.There is a term in standard transmission driving such as this, which is to downshift in order to jump your RPM's up, to gain a small boost of speed (generally used in racing), or something close to that (not completely familiar with it).. but I dont know of any other application for the term.When changing down in a non synchro gearbox, it is essential that an attempt is made to equalise the speed of the gear that is about to be engaged, with dog ring that is about to mesh with it, and lock it to the shaft.By releasing the clutch in neutral, a blip of the throttle will accelerate the dog ring to a similar speed as the lower gear hence no nasty crunch.. The same applies changing up, releasing the clutch momentarily  while in neutral, uses the engine to slow the dog ring.. This whole process is actually easier without using the clutch at all! But only in racing gearboxes !
The M998 High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle (HMMWV or Humvee) is a highly durable military motor vehicle. It has largely supplanted the role formerly served by the jeep and other light trucks with the United States military, and is also used by a number of other countries and organizations.. . (from Wikipedia)They are nick names based on the acronym descibing the purpose of the vehicle. Probably something like Highspeed Urban Military Vehicle or something like that.Little fact.Noone but the military can own a HUMVE. Humves are military off road vehicles. If a civilian buys one it is called a hummer.
His parents may lock him in the basement for a whileBiggest thing...he won't GET a permit when he applies.  It differs from state to state, but 21 sticks in my mind.getting a warnig or they take it and you cant get your license for two years so be carefull out there I just got my license
Are your friends tall men in black trenchcoats with russian accents? Do they carry guns around? Perhaps your friends are just more persuasive than you.because they dont run lol.I seriously doubt you know "several people" who got free cars unless you mean the Hot Wheels that come in the box of Cheerios."y dn't u ask dem where dey get da free carz"?People give out cars? Gee, where do you live?
it should be in the drivers manual.some car got those little  selector in the dash, i dont know about mercedes.reseting code in radio,hmmm.i believe you have to take that to the dealer or where you bought the car. they should know whats the code.then let them reset the code.normally somewhere on the floor or near the seat is a key hole where you insert the ignition key and activate/deactivate itThere should be a switch where you can put the key in and turn it on or off.
"sunroof" is the term originally used to describe a metal panel that would only allow light or air in when opened. A "moonroof," on the other hand, is a glass panel that can allow light in even when it is closed (provided, of course, you slide back that nifty fabric-covered panel to expose the glass). . . True sunroofs, those made just of metal, appear to have gone the way of 8-tracks in automobiles, and these days, most "sunroofs" are really "moonroofs" -- panels of tempered glass, usually tinted, that tilt up to allow a flow of air, or slide back into the roof entirely, giving the car occupants a brief but tantalizing glimpse of life in a convertible.Depends on which time of day you look through it.Hi,. . Sunroof is an older term,Moonroof is the NOW thing in cars and trucks.. . Macuse the sunroof in the day and the moonroof at night  :)i think they are he same...One opens out, the other opens in.. Don't know which is which though.Sunroof is removable (opens fully) - moonroof simply vents and opens slightly.sunroof the metal one, you can't see through it. Moonroof, you can see through it. It's usually made of glass.interesting history there from  lil angel. . i had the impression that moonroofs were bigger, eg in people movers where it extends to the back of the car, where sunroofs are usually over the front seatsSunroof opens-moonroof doesn't.A Sunroof opens all the way, sliding back into the roof of the car. . . A Moonroof pops up and is open only couple of inches.
DRIVE TO A GARAGE AND AFTER TALKING THE THE SERVICE TECH, HAVE A SEAT IN THE WAITING ROOM...IT'S THAT EASY!!!OR YOU COULD TRY TO DO IT YOUR SELF AND REALLY SCREW THINGS UP...THERE ARE SEVERAL WAY TO MESS UP...FORGETING TO DISCONNECT THE BATTERY AND TRYING TO REMOVE THE STARTER AND BUMPING THE FRAME WITH THE WRENCH ON THE LEAD NUT. THAT ALONE CAN FRY THE BATTERY AND THE COMPUTER AS WELL AS SEVERAL OTHER CIRCUITS. SURE IT'S CHEEPER IF YOU DO IT, IF YOU CAN DO IT, IF NOT THEN GET READY TO PAY DOUBLE TO HAVE SOMEONE FIX YOUR SCREWUP.remove positive battery cable. remove the wires that attach to the starter. Remove the bolts that hold the starter to the engine. To reinstall, reverse the order of the removal
all the cats i have worked on the water pump is gear drive and have no through shaft through the front cover make sure you have aal the lines removed and have enough room to slide the w.p. back it should come out . i have had to use a pry bar to break them loose from the front cover good luckYour gaskets are sealing the water pump to the block. Carefully pry against the block and the back of the water pump. It should pop off w/enough pressure.
ys you need a big radio,it is double din and the shop will have to make a custom kit for the vehicle  . or replace the radio wth the original . letm e know if you need help locating a new radioHere's a link for a cd player adaption kit for a 1999 Nissan ALtima.  I don't believe that it is a double din.  Since my old car had one, and there was no guessing.  The thing was huge.. . http://www.crutchfield.com/S-0pwpv2hTrhW/cgi-bin/ProdView.asp?g=112200&I=120889000
EPC stands for Electronic Power Control and it means that there is something wrong with your cars electronic systems.  This could be a serious problem with one of your cars systems or could be as simple as bad wiring (especially if your car has any added after-market components).. . You can find owners manuals for sale on places like eBay or to borrow in many libraries.That is your check engine light (malfunction indicator light)and you will need to use an OBD-II code reader to read the code.  AutoZone will loan you a code reader for free.  Or go to www.vwvortex.com and read the boards.  But based on what you've described; the problem could be your coolant temperature sensor - which is the #1 cause of the EPC light coming on in VWs since 1999.WHEN YOU START YOUR CAR ALL THE WARNING LIGHTS MOMENTARILY COME ON. YOU ONLY HAVE TO WORRY WHEN THEY DON'T GO OUT!. THE ONLY LIGHT THAT WILL USUALLY STAY ON IS THE BLUE THERMOMETER...UNTIL THE ENGINE WARMS UP.
just get a new gear and take it out AND PUT THE OTHER ONE INSORRY YOU CANT, TAKE TO A TRANSMISSION SHOP AND PAY THE MANO.K. , go down to autozone and buy a "Chilton's" repair manual.This will save you a lot of head ache.Follow the steps exactly and there won't be any unwelcome surprises.Good luck.You should be able to handle this job with the right tools.Remove the transaxle assembly (may require engine removal as well). Take the transaxle apart.. Repair the problem with a current repair manual.
Mopeds can be driven on the street by someone over 15 - without a drivers license and have a max speed of 25 mph.  Street legal means it has to be licensed to drive on the street - no restrictions on size or speed (just on the driver)Mopeds are restricted in terms of engine size and speed (I think it's 50cc , and 25mph max).Back in the '80s before scooters came on the market There were only mopeds. 50cc with a top speed of 25mph. You didn't need a motorcycle license to operate them on the street. Just needed to have them registered and have a car license. I don't know of any companies that sell "mopeds", so you'll have to check with your states DMV.You will need to check with your city.  It varies from city to city.moped is 50 cc or less in engine diplacment and as the name sugests mo for moter and ped for peddles a scooter has no peddles. good luck
Its prolly off the roller. You will kno this if it makes a sound while u try to roll it dwn. Otherwise yout gonna need a new window motor.it could be the window motor. do you hear the motor running or trying to run?check to make sure it's getting power to the switch; also it could be off the runner like the other guy said, or the motor could have gone bad
Depending on the state, you usually can get a duplicate title for your motor vehicle department. Check with your state's office to find out the procedure there. Take the VIN number and vehicle information with you. If you have a copy of a registration card, even if expired, that will help them also!Just go to the tag agency and file for a lost title.need to get it from the dmv.I agree with the last answer u received.just request it from the people who gave you the last title and tell them why you need itGo to court house and get a copy.Go to the DMV and apply for a lost title.
more then likely the company that owns them is located in multiple states and it is cheaper to register and insure the bus in Wyoming.  they are able to do this by moving the buses form state to state to keep from registering them in the state they are actually in.Because Wyoming rocks!  Actually it is because Wyoming has one of the best states for low taxes on businesses!
1953 to 1966 for the nailhead. 1941 to 1958 for the gas cap under tail lightGIVE ME NONE AMERICAN CARS AND I MIGHT BE ABLE TO HELP
dose your car get you from point a to point b? if so its a good car.  I don't know when cars stopped becoming tools and transportation and became fashion accessories but the world would be better if we could just get over that.hey man, i drove a bucket for a couple years myself-who the freak cares.  you can still get some tail bro, just gotta spit a little bit more game that's all-
call a dealers part line guy and ask him or get the haines manual at the zoneUsaully a miss or delayed throttle response. Long transmission shift or erratic shift patterns. The vehicle will sometimes feel like it is studdering at cruising speeds.There is a way to check it if you have a dvom(digital volt ohm meter)
Assuming the scratch dosn't reach the primer, you can purchase a kit the includes a colour matching wax and a small lipstick-like container of scratch filler. this can hide the scratch. Another possible thing to try, is CLEAR nail polish, again assuming the primer is not exposed, this will fill in the scratch, then apply some rubbing compound on a cloth and level the surface and buff it.If the scratch isn't all the way into the metal a good buffing will do. If so go to your local arts house and get a touch up kit.You can get your car waxed.
what part couldnt you get tight?Calipers are self adjusting.  You probably have air in the brake lines.  You need to bleed the lines and the pedal will come back to where it should be.
is it a pop or a backfire?? if a backfire does it happen on decel ??? have you changed your exhaust system or the air cleaners or carbs ?? if is a backfire out the pipes you may have an over rich low speed jet..or you may have burnt a valve.No!I THINK YOU HAVE A LATE NIGHT AFTER YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AND STARTING TO HEAR FUNNY NOISES
Having asked around the lads at work ( UK Naval pilots and ship staff) the general concensus of opinion is that is an acronym for 'Received Order Given, Expect Reply'. (ROGER)In the first world war, there were no transmissions by radio etc and any notes had to be sent by hand.  As a form of identification a code word had to be used to ensure the message was being properly delivered.  A british General, fighting for the americans whose name was Roger Asquith came up with the idea of using his name - thus "Roger" on all correspondenceIn the old days of radio, the letter 'R' (received) was used as a quick way to transmit acknowledgement of transmissions. 'Roger' is the military phonetic for the letter 'R', and radiomen use it since then.
Sometimes it from debry that you ran over, and put a hole in it. Sometimes it's a bad weld and it just broke. Sometimes it just rust out. It's common and an easy fix, you could do it yourself in a couple hours.When the light bulb in your house burns out, how much warning does it give you first? None right - just happens all of the sudden. So then when something happens with your car should it always give warning? Chances are it did not happen all off the sudden but did give warning, maybe you didn't see or or couldn't see it unless you were looking for it.just wear and tear. I always seem to get a puncture within a week of any car I purchase one had 3 in one week argghhh.Where is the leak? If its from the motor, the water pump is going bad, if its from the radiator, the radiator has a leak. it depends on the temperature where you are located. If its too hot, you should fill with 75 coolant and 25 water- if its cold, use 50/50. . . . PS we had a chevy Calvalier, always had problems- so we sold it.Two main reasons:. . 1. stone being kicked up and going through radiator;. 2. rust spot gradually getting worse until it fails (although on a 2002 car I wouldn't think this is so likely.. . Unfortunately these things happen with cars :-(Well when you have a leak, it isn't random, SOMETHING caused it.  Did you bottom out or otherwise somehow scrape the bottom of your car on something?  That can often cause a leak.  My car is actually also leaking radiator fluid (coolant/anitfreeze whatever you want to call it).  It shouldn't be very expensive to fix depending on what exactly it is that is leaking. I drive on a gravel road everyday which is probably what caused my leak, and something similar could have caused yours (debri in the road such as rocks, etc).  Welcome to the joys of car ownership.  Nothing happens to your car out of nowhere.  Sometimes it can also just be normal wear and tear.
no DUI No accidents Clean no speeding tickets, this is clean anything else is notIt means you have no tickets for moving violations -- speeding, running red lights, etc.  They usually don't care about parking tickets.  If you get a ticket and haven't had one for a while, you can go to traffic school (at least here in California) and it won't show up on your DMV record.  If you just pay the ticket's fine, it will stay on  your DMV record for 3 years if you don't get any more tickets, 7 years otherwise.A clean driving record. Meaning no traffic fines piled up (like more than what they would be considering normal) No DWI's, No DUI's. Things in that nature.No DUI's
I think what American car companies put emphasis on is packaging and bells and whistles and they do not emphasize longevity and function.  Japanese make cars to work first.  Even their luxury, isn't that luxurious. But they run for a long time.A myth that just won't die.  The Japanese firms have had recalls.  They've had many dissatisfied customers.  The only experience I've had with a rice-rocket was a Cirrus with a Mitsubishi engine.  The engine died at 100,000 miles.  Pretty pathetic. You're certainly entitled to your misguided opinion.  For myself, I wouldn't have a rice-rocket or a kim-che cruiser in my driveway.  By the way, I still have our '78 Lincoln Continental Town Car and '91 Mercury Grand Marquis, both of which run wonderfully well.  So too does our '51 Lincoln Cosmopolitan Sport Sedan.  Say, here's a question for you - how many fifty year old nip cars do you see running around these days?  How about thirty years?  Twenty?  Guess they just don't have the staying power that North American cars do.The Japanese have come up with very good parts. I have a nissan pathfinder from 93 and the thing still runs like its new. American brand cars dont have well developed part like the Japanese cars do. Get a toyota or a Nissan. That will last you for over 10 years.i could tell you HORROR stories about my first car a brand new chevy caviler... that thing was a piece of junk that was always in the shop (the service dept knew my name and address the second i pulled up). i found out that my car was one of the AMERICAN cars made in mexico. so maybe their standard of building things was not as high quality.. all i know is the car was brand new and the carpet fell out in the first week i owned it... i will never buy american made again, cause you dont even know if it was really made in america to begin with!ya i've had a toyota camry and it ran good  did have any problem with itIts cheaper over there. The material plus the labor is cheap.
Turn the wheel and pull the parking brake on to lock the rear wheels. Once the drifting has started release the brake and steer. Have funHonestly its hard, u have to be careful because if the tries grab dry pavement, the car will spin out of control and possibly flip. Not a good idea at all, especailly if ur car isnt set up for it. Like if ur driving a chevy lumina, or grand am. If u wanna drift get a bmw, or lexus or a foriegn car with rear wheel drive. And manual will make is easier to slide as well in my opinion, if u know how to clutch properly.the same way you do rear wheel drive carsit is harder, but you have to gun it around the turns like a rear wheel ant hope the front tires dont grab the pavement and cause you to crash.  Very dangerous.It's tricky and involves the use of the emergency brake to induce an "over steer" situation.
Chilton's. It's an automotive repair book. Look for the editin for 2000 Ford Taurus. The library might have one.Your local parts store has HAYNES manuals for about $16.00 and can be used for a bunch of other stuff on your car.Good Luck!
It's plain and simple. It's when your amp reach it's limit. The signal it sends to the subwoofer is inconsistent and it's cuts in and out.Clipping is when the amp cuts out because of a malfunction or problem like it's too hot, ect...It is when the power cannot supply enought for the sound.  and it gets distorted.. . The call it clipping because it clips off part of the sound when it cant reproduce it. But the distorted sound could damage your speakers so.... . Just turn down the volume.Mikechampagne (and Steffy) are right.  Car audio amplifiers have "clipping" LED's to detect when it (the amplifier) is clipping (putting out distortion), not to tell you that your receiver (radio) is sending a distorted signal.The audio signal your amp produces is an AC signal (Sine Wave; Positive and Negative Voltage).  Clipping is when the amplifier has reached the limits of its + and - voltage at the top and bottom of the wave and produces a DC signal at these points.  Your clipping light is more than likely turned on by a circuit that senses the DC signal being produced on the output end of the amplification process.The audio signal going in to your amplifier is called a sine wave.  It consists of positive and negative voltages.  These voltages are low levels and the amplifier sees these and then amplifies them.  As long as the levels are smooth and consistent, the amplifier does it's job efficiently.  As you increase the volume on your radio, the voltage levels increase on the input.  If you increase these voltages too high, the amplifier can get to the point to where it can no longer see the full signal to amplify.  The sine wave bounces beyond the limits of the amplifier and it then waits until the signal comes back to a readable state.  In the long run, this can damage the amp and your speakers.  To correct this, you need to adjust the gain levels on your amp down to prevent signal overload.  So, basically in simple terms, "Clipping" is overloading your inputs.
COULD BE AS SIMPLE AS AN EGR VALVE. IT IS CANISTER TYPE THING THAT COMES OUT OF THOSE PIPES YOU HAVE COMING OFF YOUR EX.MANIFOLDS(usually chrome) IT'S (the canister) ARE BLACK YOU CAN CLEAN THEM OUT WITH A LITTLE KEROSENE OR BUY NEW(a proppeller inside must spin freely in both dir. for it to operate effiently) Might try a GM dealer and have it hooked up to ALDL mach.to see if all systems go.you could have lost the weight's off the flywheel, and if you damper flew off did you get a new one? if not, that can also be the problemBecause it is a Chevy.....305 Chevrolet engine has a well known nickname as "boat Anchor" which means they are JUNK. Take it out, scrap it and find a 350.First of all, running the engine dry of oil could have caused some wear in bearings. At idle it has less oil pressure, so it may not take up the thousands of an inch wear and cause vibration. Also flywheels had a tendency to crack and cause problems.a lot of the older chevy v-8's idle rough when they get some miles on them..could be a bearing if there is noise, especially after warm up...am interested to see running performance too...does it backfire or miss or any lack of power?if it ran smooth before the running with out oil, it is a common problem that you messed up one or more mainbearings.
I HAD A FRIEND WITH BAGS ON A ROAD KING CRACKING. HE USED FIBERGLASS CLOTH AND RESIN WITH BONDO TO COVER SMALL IMPERFECTIONS.. REMEMBER PAINTING AFTER REPAIRS TO MATCH THE BIKE IS THE HARD PART.most all bags and fareings are made of fiberglass, they just soak the cloth a lot longer to make it much smoother and easyer to work with.
You are going to have to have, the van towed to your local mechanic shop, and have what we call, power bleed.Check that it's not something simple like your pads/shoes are gone.. . Are you getting any air or fluid out of the bleed nipples?. If not sounds like your master cylender is shafted, or not connected to the pedal.. . Try pumping the pedal rapidly a few times, then hold it down & open the nipple.
Sounds like the master cylinder was not installed properly.  Try loosing the bolts that holds the master cyl. down and see if the problem goes away.. . Good LuckIf they're power brakes, it could be that a vaccuum hose has been reinstalled in the wrong place.You didn't specify power brakes or not but either setup check out the rod behind the master that pushes it to make the pressure. If you loosen the two master cylinder mounting nuts and the brakes release then that rod is the problem. Older cars like yours usually have the type of rod that can be adjusted, look to see if it has threads so you can screw it in some if this was the problem.That is what it sounds like good luck.The brake booster (if equipped) is probably the culprit. Since it is vacuum operated the booster would have no effect until the engine is started.Just a guess-  What about a stuck Air Booster.
might be a bad sensor, take it to the dealership you bought it, is it still under warranty??That happened to me and I took it to the mechanic.  He said that the computer chip in the dash is defective and it doesn't harm anything so just leave it.I never knew there was a change oil light. I know of a low oil light.. . Odds are, your dash board lights a messed up. Be happy if its just one light. Sometimes the whole board lights up.. Christmas anybody.turn the key on, keep the drivers coor open, remove the fusae panel acess cover on the left of the dash (in the door jamb area), there is an oil reset button, press ir once(the light will flash), press and hold it untill you hear the car chime in response. the light should be off now.If nothing was found wrong, then the oil sending switch would be stuck and have to be replaced.WHY DO PEOPLE ANSWER WHEN THEY HAVE NO IDEA WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT????. . TURN THE IGNITION ON.  JUST TO ON, DO NOT START THE CAR.  STEP ON THE GAS PEDAL THREE TIMES ALL THE WAY TO THE FLOOR.. . START THE CAR.  YOU NEED TO DO THIS IN 30 SECONDS OR LESS AND THE LIGHT WILL GO OUT.Turn key to on, don't start, push gas three times.  The computer senses throttle input, so when you do this three times, the computer is programmed to reset this light.  Don't worry either, is electronic fuel injection and will not flood the car.  (This is for the "girlfriends" and "homies" answering questions they have no clue about)I agree with "ITS ME"  consult your car manuel its in there or just call a pontiac dealer with questions, most places are more than willing to help a customer with a question especially with indicator lights, however if you look in the manuel at change oil it tells you how to remove the light, the one its me described about pressing the pedal three times with the key in the on position but the car not started works, also there is a way to do it with the radio but its a little complicated, the pedal usually works well, if you dont get it the first time try again...Good Luck!!
order a wire kit from crutchfield this can be done over phone give make and model of player and of corse your car make and model they also have faceplate kits that give a factory installed look, i believe web address is w.w.w. crutchfield . com.Go to your local auto parts store and buy a Haynes book for your car.  There will be a wiring diagram.  You'll need to hardwire it without a wiring kit.  Be VERY careful not to blow a fuse while doing it.If it's a portable disc player just get a tape adapter. Otherwise get one of those iPod adapters that broadcasts the signal to an FM station.splice all all the wires like my bootlegged asssYep you'll have to splice all the wires individually. Trust me, it's worth paying 10 bucks for the wiring harness.
see www.mapquest.comTry getting directions on Mapquest or a similar site.  You need to provide the address of where you're going, including city and state, and of where you're coming from.
With the correct electronic circuits you could read the transducers many times per second and average together, say, 10 minutes of readings to eliminate the effects of fuel movement.  It seems like this would be available off the shelf.. . Fuel floats are available that do the same thing mechanically.  A regular car fuel gauge works this way.It has thin rod to measure it.You need to put some baffles in the tank.see capacity of the tank in liters and get the average mileage consumption per liter. fill the tank with diesel. whatever distance the train has moved calculate the consumption of diesel by multiplying mileage with average consuption and deduct that quantity from the whole tank.use a measuring cuplol estimate liters per tank, and then how many tank's
Some but not all dump truck have special differentials. They are made with a worm gear for the pinion.In this case the pinion is placed in the top of the differential so the drive shafts have extra ground clearance and they are able to take high torque.Because its a worm gear,it would be broken if it was pushed.The pinion must always be the driven gear.Because of the way that they are built it is damaging to the. dump part and the mechanics that makes it work, like the hydraulics.well, its full of crap so its a warning not to push it over and get all the garbage everywhere
When you have the old star off, you put new  through the hole from top and the base part turn it 90 degrees and that locks it. If you have trouble getting old star off pull the little lock pin out of bottom base.is it the spring loaded one? if so under hood side has a  cover plate toaccess the spring lock  remove old one feed new one  in thru top of hood and  get  a good set of pliers too  connect the old one back again<Simple Orange spray works GREAT! !
if all you want is 5 more horsepower , and you dont want to spend much money.... go to your nearest local auto store, and purchase a K&N air filter .....removing weight is always the cheapest way to increase performance.. . try kicking that 300 pound girlfriend to the curb!Try doing a search on the net, or call the car dealership where you bought the car from.horsepower will cost you a lot of cash, theres no way of moding your ride without breaking into that bank. Of course you can add an intake, but thats only 3-8 horsepower on average; not enough to even notice!Slap in a V-8..You can't .... horsepower is sold to the highest bidder.  Seriously, the best most common place to start is the intake/exhaust. Then I would look at making my ignition/spark hotter.  I could be alot more specific but you have to tell us what kind of power you want.  Turn and burn out of the corners torque or high rpm horsies for the highway?  Tip: Don't blow big wads of dough on pre-made cold air intake systems just look at their pictures and then go to your local autoparts store and piece together the same things for maybe $40 of universal tubing parts and a $25 Cone filter.  Don't forget to oil your cone filter regularly or the screen will rust up on you.GETTING A FMX TAIL PIPEadd a higher octane of gas, instead of using the 87 use the super i think it is like 90 something... then get a new air filter, change your oil, they make air filters that add horse power, go to auto zone, get the double platnimum spark plugs and add a racing coil instead of your old one.. these tiny thing will add horsepower
u mean monte carlos and monte carlos ss . . the ss came with bigger motors regardless of year . most 80's models just the ss badge and frount and rear bumpers are plastic along with grill and rear bumper airdamOne is a car made by GM and the other is a country.Many differencesum depends on what yr,s you are talking aboutNEW ONES ARE SUPER CHARGED. ALSO HAVE DIFF EMBLEMS AND INTERIORS...
Any lube shop will do it easily, if you want to learn to do your own, check into a shop class at the local High School or Community College. Also any service manuals like you see at the Autozone or similar stores will show where these items are located.The Drain plug is normaly on the lowest point of the car,. . Not got a manual? Check on-line.bring it to jiffy lube and they will take care of u.I change oil in many different cars. The drain plug is easy to find, its the oil filter that is always hard to find on some cars.We (my co workers and i) spent like 10 or 20 seconds trying to find the filter for a vehicle one day.If  you are gonna change it good luck. Just dont drain the transmission.
Put your question to John Grove of the Road Race Lincoln Register (RRLR).  He's an expert.  The RRLR is a great group if you're an owner of a Lincoln 1949 through 1957.check the length of them, and check for clearance between your valves and pistons.If you had new valve guides installed in the heads, there may be a clearance problem causing the valves to bind in the guides. This will cause bent push rods...its rare but it happens..check your valve timingOne important factor is to check the installed height of the valve. If you recently did a valve job, and the valve seat is lower then specs, chances are the valve is too high.. Another theory, did you buy new pushrods, and are they the correct ones? Did you install a new camshaft with a higher lift and longer duration? Are you using solid or hydrolic lifters? Guess we need more info pal....
I'm going to answer your question like you asked it, horribly.  Here's my answer: it converts something.like a line output convertor. it takes a high level input from the radio,and gives you a low leveloutput {rca's}
$2000 to $6000  depends on model , options, condition.  go to www.nada.com   .  classic cars, passenger car, Ford, ThunderbirdAs others have said 1978 is too old for a blue book value.. . but you can look up a 1986 Ford Thunderbird (the earliest year I could pick) - and fill in the info yourself.  I couldn't do it because I didn't know what kind of coupe it was, what your zipcode was, what the mileage was or it's special features were.. . You need to enter all that info. before it will give you an amount. . . The URL is below:a vehicle that old has no "blue book" value. any price is between the buyer and the sellerthe car is to old to be in the blue book. Just set a price and see what people will offer you for it. A car is worth whatever you can get for it.
I agree with what the others have previously said.  power fail your car and let it reboot, then if if persists, go to your mechanic.  Just like what was said before, the light is on for a reason, it could very easily be that there is a problem.  check it out, cars can be replaced, people cannot.first you need to find out what code is triggering light and then diagnose problem but I wouldn't just start throwing parts at it as this can be very expensive/also check to make sure all of your brake lights including the center one are working as this can set code for switch problemHeres an idea.  take the vehicle to a qualified auto technician and pay for his time to diagnose and repair the problem.  then your truck will work right and you will have the benefit of abs when you need it.replace the bad "hub assembly" also no as the front wheel bearing -part will cost you $150.00Don't let it do anymore sit ups!reblace the abs rebear kit now its your break un safty now ok and thanks meFind the schematics then it will say the color of the wires then you just snip it off...go to your local auto parts store. Here is autozone and checker.. They can reset the code for you for free.. Also you can try taking the positive cable off battert for 15 min. that should work too.Take the dash out of the panel.. Then,take the bulb out of the. socket.if you have been in mud or heavy dirt you can go to car wash and clean the sensors buy using the wand at the car wash located close to outer wheel near the center you can see the sensors if not covered in mud if so it will trigger the dummy light (aka) abs lightYou might need to change the brakes or the ABS sensor. If that doesnt work try black tape and cover the ABS light.The ABS light is on for a reason. You have to take it somewhere where they have a scanner and see what code it has in it. Fix the problem and clear the codes with the scanner. Another way you can clear the codes in any vehicle is to disconnect both the positive and negative battery cables. But if you didn't fix the problem that it had before the codes may come back almost immidiatley. Or all else fails you can do like this goofy friend of mine did and get some black electrical tape and put over it there on the dash. LOL
They sell a tool for that at your auto parts store.I do not know if it will work on that kind of car because I never worked on one before but on all the cars I have worked on I took a small block of wood & placed it over the piston & used a C clamp and twisted it down on the block of wood. It works great. But make sure the wood covers the whole piston & the clamp is in the middle of the wood to give it even pressure.LEAVE THE INNER PAD ON THE CAL. AND USE A 'C' CLAMP AND JUST TIGHTEN IT UP THIS WILL DRAW THE PISTON IN, AFTER IT'S ALL THE WAY IN JUST RELEASE THE CLAMP.Front or rear? The rear piston must be turned as well as pushed in. There are tools made for this or you can use needle noised pliers and turn at the same time you push. You will most likely need to use a tool designed for this.try using the old pad and a c clamp, and if possible start the engine to free off the servo. then try to compress it but do not press the pedal or the job might take a wee while longer after you mop the fluid up.you can also use a C clamp. Using one of the old pads placed on the piston tighten the clamp until you get th episton to retracted completely.
The Titanic had three operational stacks and one for cosmetics.  At the time a four stacker was considered to look more important than a three stacker.  Possibly because an odd number, looks .... odd.  So, the first three, going from the bow back, were working stacks, with the last stack providing a little period eye-candy.the produce must have  run out of moneySAME REASON WHY SOME CARS HAVE DUAL EXHAUST AND SOME ONLY SINGLEfor show and i heard one was faketop down.. bang on.. in the early 1900's a ships apparent magnificence was directly related to the number of funnels, in the same manner that we look at cars and trucks with dual exhaust pipes today. The lusitania and mauretania were the titannics competition for the trans-atlantic passenger market, and had been built with 3 funnels each, so the titanics builders decided to one-up them and included a fourth 'dummy' stack just for looks.Look at pictures of the titanic or her sisters olympic and brittanic. you will never see smoke coming from the after-most funnel. As to the funnels actual purpose... to vent coal-fire smoke generated by the ships 29 boilers.I think i vaguely remember someone telling me it was only for show more so then anything. It was billed as the biggest and the best so maybe thats why they opted for 4.Not sure, but I do know that the Queen Mary had at least one that was used soley for storage (i.e. it was fake). What are you trying to get at?top down has it right......at the time the more stcks the more imposing the ship looked, and therefore  more passengers, et alia.......and the answer about aerodynamics sounds good but had absolutly nothing to do with Titanic or Lusitania or Olympic or any ship of that period......4 boilers on itwell, first of all, its the design. it makes the ships look beautiful. and the most important thing is that it improves the aerodynamicity, i.e the flow of air. so. the smokestacks are placed like vertical wings. the air flow increases, less fuel are used and it goes smoothly. so, the more the better!
What is wrong with it? . . The type of repair needed will effect the cost greatly!How long is piece of string ????
Take it to an auto upholstery shop.  This isn't something that you can do yourself.By chance do you have Comprehensive Insurance-  Such repair will be difficult- as the top folds and bends- matching the color will be impossible do to fading.  Maybe a patch to stop leaks after it is stitched.
your car your choice they dont like it let them walkIf you are buying this vehichle, they should have no say so in regard as to you smoking in your own truck!!! If they do, look for another co. to buy from, there is an acute shortage of trucks & drivers nationwide.  Look around for something else.If you own the car then smoking will not be a problem since you own the property. This is the case in NYC where even smoking in public areas are illegal.
bavaria motor work. for  me i call it BEST MAN WIN.balvarian motor works (If ive spelt it right). Although before i think it was Berlin motor works.. But changed to Balvarian Motor Works.. . Hope that helps.. :) XxXBIG MILKY WIVESthe full form is British Motor Works and it is one the oldest car companies which ahs been instrumental in improving engine performanec and engine capcity.
If you can find an '05 Jimmy, you got a classic.  Hold onto it even if it doesn't run.There is no more JIMMY. It is now called an Envoy.umm, they don't make a 2005 jimmythe jimmy is dead, now its an envoy
You dont adjust it, you can only replace it, make sure when you do you have the timing right and the marks on the cam/s and crank are aligned correct.The timing belt is a non adjustable item. If it is stretched out it needs to be replaced.
99 cents at any auto parts staore will get you what you need. Water will not hurt anything this time of year. Winter is when you have to worry about the washer fluid bottle freezing and cracking with water only.I wouldn't make your own mix. Just go to the closest walmart or hardware store and buy windshield washer fluid. It isn't expensiveYeah, especially in a cold climate, your own mix could freeze.  They put alcohol in store-bought to prevent that.
Its a build up of static electicity in your clothing and the fact that your car is isolated from earth by its rubber tyres.. . When you touch the ground the circuit is completed and you get a shock.. . In the UK you can get anti-static strips ( supposed to prevent car sickness ) which touch the road to discperse the static buildup.. . Another idea is to get your passenger to exit first :o))sliding across the seat creates static electricity. my wife's 05 Chevy silverado bites me every time i drive itYour bottom is moving in the cloth seat creating friction, thus static electricity.I had a car that did that once it was a short in the ignition.i had this problem with a brand new dodge neon. you can buy a <heavy duty> ground wire for ten bucks or less. bolt it to the negative terminal on the battery, and bolt the other end to the body/frame. i had to take out a bolt which secured the hood thingy, and bolt the ground wire on that way. a slightly mechanically inclined individual can help you if you have no clue. i asked the dealer why there wasn't one on there to start with, he had no answer.Friction!It's probably dry where you are. Do you wear wool or heavy cotton clothes? Like the previous person said when your clothes rub against the seat electricity can transfer between them.  It stays in your clothes until you touch something metal when you get out of the car. And ZAP!Part is caused by cold weather, but sliding across your car seat is a factor.It's the material your seats are made from. Take a dryer sheet and rub all over your car seat or spray it with an anti-static spray.
Its the size of the mettalic flakes in the paint. The smaller the flake, the finer they are. The larger the flake the coarser it is.mettalic fine has small metal particles,coarse has large particles.one is fine and one is coarse
Yahoo does not work with email unless you have a paid account. If you do have a paid account go here:. http://help.yahoo.com/help/us/mail/pop/pop-11.htmlopen outlook express. goto tool ----> account------->add account. enter your e-mail id. thats itApplies to . Microsoft Office Outlook® 2003. Microsoft Outlook® 2002 . . You can use Outlook with your Yahoo! Mail e-mail account as long as you use a paid subscription Yahoo! Mail account that includes POP3 access and forwarding. Free Web browser-based Yahoo! Mail accounts cannot be accessed in Outlook.. . You can receive your Yahoo! Mail e-mail messages by using Outlook from most places with an Internet connection. Yahoo! Mail provides you access to an authenticated SMTP server — allowing you to send e-mail messages using Outlook from your Yahoo! Mail account when you use another Internet service, such as at your office or when traveling.. . Note  If you want information about SBC Yahoo! e-mail accounts that are included with your Internet service provider (ISP) (ISP: A business that provides access to the Internet for such things as electronic mail, chat rooms, or use of the World Wide Web. Some ISPs are multinational, offering access in many locations, while others are limited to a specific region.) account, this article does not apply. See Outlook Help for configuring SBC Yahoo! e-mail accounts.. . Do one of the following:. . Add your Yahoo! Mail e-mail account. . On the Tools menu, click E-mail Accounts. . Click Add a new e-mail account, and then click Next. . Click POP3, and then click Next. . Under User Information, do the following:. In the Your Name box, type your full name the way that you want it to appear to other people. . In the E-mail Address box, type your e-mail user name, followed by @yahoo.com. . Under Server Information, do the following:. In the Incoming mail server (POP3) box, type pop.mail.yahoo.com. . In the Outgoing mail server (SMTP) box, type smtp.mail.yahoo.net. . Under Logon Information, do the following:. In the User Name box, type your user name. Do not include @yahoo.com. . In the Password box, type your password. . Select the Remember password check box.. Note  You have the option to have Outlook remember your password by typing it in the Password box and selecting the Remember password check box. Having Outlook remember your password means that you won't have to type your password each time you access the account; however, it also means that the account is vulnerable to anyone who has access to your computer. Use strong passwords that combine upper- and lowercase letters, numbers, and symbols. Weak passwords don't mix these elements. Strong password: Y6dh!et5. Weak password: House27. Use a strong password that you can remember so that you don't have to write it down.. . To verify that your account is working, click Test Account Settings. If there is missing or incorrect information, such as your password, you will be prompted to supply or correct it. Make sure your computer is connected to the Internet. . Click More Settings. . On the General tab, under Mail Account, type Yahoo! Mail. . Click the Outgoing Server tab, and then select the My outgoing server (SMTP) requires authentication check box. . Click Use same settings as my incoming mail server, and then click OK. . Click Next, and then click Finish. . Notes. . Do not select the Log on using Secure Password Authentication (SPA) check box. . Unless specified by Yahoo! Mail, all server and address entries are typed in lowercase letters. . Remove your Yahoo! Mail e-mail account. . On the Tools menu, click E-mail Accounts. . Click View or change existing e-mail accounts, and then click Next. . Click the Yahoo! Mail e-mail account that you want to remove, and then click Remove. . Click Finish.
I assume it's attached with screws to the instrument panel. You will need to remove the entire trim bezel surrounding the radio. You should then see screws to the sides or on the top and bottom that secure the radio to the IP.depends if it is a factory radio or not.  but if it is you may have to take the dash board down.  which ever is covering it.
i won't light a cig near bythe only reason your not smelling it other times is because your moving.When you done driving and the engine is hot open the hood and look for a wet spot.It will evaporate very fast so leave it running.Your driving a bomb so get it fixed..  I see some said dont smoke.The cigarette wont set the gas on fire.But the match will.It is possible that you have a fuel leak. You do not say what type of vehicle it is, nor the age. It could be a mechanical fuel pump going bad, a leaking fuel line or fuel filter, a carburetor problem, a fuel injector problem, a gas tank leak, or a evaporative emissions system problem.. . Of course all cars do not have all of these things. Have your car checked by a qualified mechanic. Leaking gasoline is a very dangerous thing. If gas comes in contact with a hot exhaust system part, things could get very hot!!!!You have a fuel leak or fuel vapor leak. It should be checked out and repaired. It may get worse but it certainly wont get better. Could be anything from the gas cap, filler neck, fuel tank, fuel lines, filter, even the injector or carburetor whichever yours has, also any of the evaporative lines could be leaking.Probably the Cannister that takes care of Fumes, as the excess gas is returned to tank from Fuel manifold.it means you gotta leak....thats terrible too, coz gas costs too much to wasteyour line is shot my car and my grandmothers car had leaks like it in it i just replaced the hole thingThere may be a leak possibly pinhole size. Unless there is a visible spot under the car, It's probably nothing.Your fuel cap may not be venting as it usually should, and it may have blown the seal on the cap, resulting in smell of gasoline.  Just a thought...
Always give "year", make, engine size and model # when asking technical questions.. -Remove the cotter pin and "loosen" the nut in the center of the L rear wheel (step on the rear brake to keep the axle from turning).. -Remove the brake adjuster nut.. -Remove the drive chain (take note as to which direction the clip goes on the master link. When the vehicle is rolling foward, the opening of the clip should be pointing to the rear of the direction the master link is moving).. -Jack up the rear of the quad so the rear wheels are off the ground (or put a milk crate under the frame to hold the wheels up).. -There are 2 bearing housings (L & R) holding the axle to the frame. Remove the 3 bolts holding each bearing housing to the frame.. -Remove the entire rear axle with wheels attached, off of the quad.. -Remove the L rear wheel from the axle.. -Slide the bearing housing and brake panel off the axle.I have no Idea.
These are not cameras but light sensors. Have you noticed that fire trucks and ambulances have strobe lights flashing on the front of them?.  The strobe light is registered by the light sensor which flashes at a set frequency to change the traffic light to green in the direction the emergency vehicle is going.the can be used like you said to get people running red lights, also can be used for monitoring the flow of traffic so they can change the lights so traffic dose not get backed up. Yes the tape can be used for investigation the officers will use anything they have to help them figure out what happenedI believe they are just for traffic monitoring since they usually point towards the oncoming lane and like here in indiana we don't have front license plates so it would be pointless to be a red light camera. Red light cameras are easy to notice, it's either a big box on the sidewalk that emits a massivly bright flash when someone blows the light or its several lights extending the length of the pole that the traffic light hangs on and emits several high intensity flashes.They could be cameras for enforcement of red lights, but they could also be the sensors for the "smart" traffic lites. Rather than rely on timers for the red/yellow/green intervals, the sensors determine when traffic is there, and so adjusts the light changing to more efficiently deal with the traffic load.The cameras can also be used for other law enforcement reasons such as evidence and trying to peice together a crime. As well as survailance. Not always watched, you can reference cameras from various locations at a given time if something happenend then. Going back after the fact and seeing who the terrorist talked to or something. Cameras on all the poles give you a veiw of the whole street.Could be the same as in UK they are sensors which detect the approach of a vehicle and change the lights accordingly,or could be trafficmaster cameras that detect congestion and then relay it to your in car traffic system.
Colud be the shock if you have oil filled shocks, which most aren't these days. Or it could be you busted a cv joint in the axle if the car is front wheel drive. either way you need to get it checked by a professional as soon as possible because it is a small problem right now and it will turn into a huge problem if you just let it go.Sounds like you blew out the seal on the shock.  There is oil and seals in those things - and they do get old and wear out. . . If it sounds funny when going up and down, it must be something to do with the suspension.Maybe you bottomed out the oil pan and it punctured.. . My father was a policeman and once sheared off his oil pan during a pursuit. Lucky day for the crook!
The GSXr750 is the pure sport bike with the extreme position and the newest engine and chassis design, while the GSX is referred to as a Katana, a lot less radical riding position, more streetable, and more comfortable for daily use.  The Katana has considerably less power when compared to the GSXr, but the technology put into it is usually from the previous generation of the GSXr which means performance upgrades are available.R is for race. Enough said.
facing toward the rear  in the back seat.  Or you could ask  Brit Spears how to do it.unfold the seat from the floor somewhere...then strap the seat to the seat and strap your kid, seat first to the seat that is attached to the seat.I HAVE A 96 DODGE CARAVAN, MY SON WAS REAR FACING UNTIL HE WAS 1 AND 20 POUNDS. REAR FACING IS THE SAFEST POSSIBLE WAY TO PUT YOU INFANT. I ALMOST LOST MY DAUGHTER BECAUSE I DIDNT PUT HER REAR FACING WHEN SHE WAS SUPPOSED TO BE.. YOU ALSO NEED TO READ THE INSTRUCTION BOOKLET THAT COMES WITH THE CAR SEAT.. YOU COULD ALSO TRY TO FIND A SAFET SEAT CHECK, I KNOW SAFEKIDS.ORG COULD HELP YOU.
You know i was going to put a second battery and a dual battery switch on my boat.. However i use a jump start box also it works great and you can get one from walmart for 35.00.. The other choice will run about 200.00 plus labor.. Just my 2 centsNO to jumpboxes, if they are used incorrectly they can be dangerous and even deadly.  Get it installed by a professional is your best bet.mount the battery solidly, then attach the cables to like marked terminals + to the + and - to the - then install an on/off switch (jeggs or summit racing parts) inline between the two bateriesthe cheapest and easiest way is to just get one of those battery jump start packs, and bring it out with you when you go out on the boat. otherwise you have to get a battery isolator.
same thing that guy saidHFHtry manually tuning to the station you want then push and hold the button you want it on. Some brands will flash the frequency-if so release the button and push again
Boycott the oil companies and don't re-elect or elect any Bush!!!!Stop buying it.. Take the bus, carpool, buy a smaller car, take less unecessary trips.lets get a potision started and then hand it in with more than 10000 signitures and then the govenment should read why you want them to be lowered and how much its going to afect them and then it should be fixed1st get rid of Bush and prices will dropGet a moped:) http://www.mistermoped.com/to save on gas i have a product that when u put in a tank of gas u get 35%-75% better gas milage in any automobile if ur interested u can email me at jonboy10166@yahoo.com and for putting a stop to it start a protest like in the 1960s with us protesting the war u get five people and and then five turns into ten and so on and so on till u have 500 people that want the same thing and go and fight for itwalk when  you can. or bike. use less, and conserve.Conserving to a certain extent is a waste of time.. Think of it. Every day more drivers of driving age and more cars hit the road. It's like holding back a leak in the ocean wall with your finger. Not to mention entire countries like China's economy is booming and coming on line. So I am going to ride my bike to work to save a gallon. Hogwash. . Boycotts don't work either. Millions of us depend on fuel. to move goods and services. Airlines, truckers, UPS FED EX.. So I don't buy $20 in gas from my local mobil, so what, . someone else will their job may depend on it. Sooner or later everything ends up on a truck. Bread, milk, etc. etc. . I think the only answer is regulation from congress. . States already regulate natural gas and electricity keeping prices artificially low.The price will continue to go up as long as Mr Bush is in office and continue to let US Marine die in Iraq and then keep pushing Iran.  $4.00 per gallon, believe it, gold $900, per oz.  This will not end til he is out of the office in 2009.The only thing that can be done is to use less oil.  You cou bike to work or take the bus.Um. Drive less. Get cars with better milage. Switch to hybrids or electric cars.It would be hard for most people. But what we need to do is boycott the fuel companies. In other words, only use the amount of gas that we really need. Don't run around when we don't have to. Use as little gas as possible. This would force the fuel companies to lower their prices. If the product someone is selling isn't selling well the price must come down for them to sell it at a rate they can afford to have an income.
cause American Society has went backwards....why do we pay athletes millions of dollars & people that protect us and teach our young barely enough to make a living!!That is a fricken hysterical question!!  So true, So true!  I know many people that have their garages stuffed with useless crap and there is no way that they can get their car in!!  Go figure!!It may be junk but it's MINE!!!b/c people are too lazy or busy to clean their garage out.What's harder to steal, a car or a box of sh*t. Unless you live in the ghetto, your car is safe.This is a great question that I've often wondered about myself.  I can't wait to read some of the excuses.People are LaZy. . They would rather show off their car and hide their junk.Because I have insurance on my car but my useless junk is PRICELESS!!Because people like to show off how much money they have...they think if they put there expensive car in the driveway everyone will see it and be so impressed...i think its retarted though.....gives people more of a reason to rob them.I have the same problem, but remember, ita a classic.People are lazy. Your garage is farther away from your house than your drive way. Walking that few extra steps is just to much physical activity.Why? you have problems with that?We like to show off our Cars, who want's a pile of junk in their driveway!
Moisture probably getting into distributor cap?  A wild guess.I second the distributor cap idea. I small slight crack can allow moisture inside or condensation. A few dollar fix.ask it nicely....
Salvage Or Branded. . A Salvage title is assigned to a vehicle that has been declared a total loss resulting from Fire, Vandalism, Collision, Theft, Flood or other occurrence. . . The rules pertaining to a salvage title may prohibit the use of a vehicle listed as salvaged.. . These rules vary from state to state so you should check with your states Department of Motor Vehicles. . Jerry Christopher. . http://www.usedcarwise.comIt means the vehicle has sustained damage at over half its value, could be flood, collision, are the most common. If you are looking at buying it, don't pay more than half of what it's value would be without the salvage title.The car has been crashed before and was claimed as a total loss.The car, for whatever reason, was deemed to be a total loss and then rebuilt.  Be careful, there are a lot of vehicles on the market right now from Hurricane Katrina.. Once a car has had flood damage, if everything was not replaced, you will have problems.It means you need to get a new car.. . Old busted up hoopty piece of crap.It means that the car you are looking to buy has been at one time a 'total loss' by an insurance company.   There is the possibility that the person you are buying it from has done all the necessary work to make sure it is now safe, however be very careful when buying a car like this.
Check the back seat to see if someone is fooling around back there. Does it shake a lot worse at drive in movies?A certified mechanic should be able to tell you not only what is causeing the 'shake' but how much it will cost to fix it.Have the motor and transmission mounts checked. If they are busted it will cause it to shake. Also consider have a 4 wheel alignment and your tires balanced.
There is a small screw in the bottom of the bracket. Loosen it (try not to remove it-just loosen) and remove the back plate from the bracket. Clean the glass area with a razor blade. Apply the glue to the back side of the plate and wait a second or so and then place it on the proper location. Hold it there for at least a good minute or so.. Let it sit over night. Then just slip (carefully) the bracket down over the back plate and hold in place as you re-tighten the screw. The screw is self centering and as you sort of wiggle the bracket around to get a good seat, the screw will center and then you can tighten it all the way and the mirror should stop wiggling around.*clears throught* . . . let it dry, if it didnt work use more glue. . . *bows*best to take car to winshield repair shop.they will glue for 3or4 $ and it will stay.Clean the surfaces real good and take the time to do it right. This is not one of those jobs that can be rushed.  Also, make sure the set screw is tightened down.The key to getting it to stay is, make sure the area is clean from any old adhesive, use rubbing alcohol to clean it.  Use the adhesive in the evening when its cooler. If able to use an air conditioned garage its even better.  Let it sit over night.  The cooler temperature allows the adhesive to stick better.Look in your owner's manual. If the answer isn't there, why risk screwing your car up more? Take it to a mechanic or the car dealership. Let it be their problem that way if they do something wrong, they have to fix it at their expense.Use the the glue but the prep is everything scape the glass very good with a razor blade
there is no known thingamajig, just insert the hose, and make sure the end of the hose is lower than the hose that is in the tank, extinguish all smoking materials, etc.  be careful not to suck too long, or you can get a mouthfull of gas.  this is unpleasant, but not deadly.  rinse your mouth out if this happens.They make siphon pumps. It has a sqeeze ball in the middle of a long hose. One end goes down the filler neck and the other into your gas container. They don't cost more than $10 and you can get them in most auto departments (Wal-Mart, Target, ect)The best thing to do, get a couple of friends over and lower the gas tank to the ground, CAREFULLY, and then remove the fuel pump/fuel sending unit, and siphon that way. Not easy, but it works! Good Luck!I'm not sure about that, but I don't think it has an anti-siphon 'thingamajig'.  Go to an auto parts store where they have siphon pumps.  They're real cheap and definitely worth it.  You never know when you'll need it again, and besides, gas is real nasty...you'll get real sick if you get any in your mouth.  The fumes alone can kill you.  DON'T TRY TO SUCK THROUGH A TUBE.  Trust me, you'll get sick.I don't know the year of your rig, but one easy way to bypass the tank siphon method is to disconnect the fuel line at the carb, and run a hose from it to your gas-can, and then turn on the accessory on your ignition and allow the fuel pump to do all the work : )
ABOVE IS CORRECT, SCIENCE WISE BUT BEST TO DON'T WAST YOUR TIME TAKE TO BODY SHOP WHEN STEEL IS DENTED IT STRETCHES AND THE DENT WONT PULL BACK IN MOST CASES CAUSE THE METAL IS LARGER NOW SO TAKE TO A BODY SHOP SAVE FRUSTRATIONDry ice has a much lower freezing temperature than normal ice. By using dry ice on a dent in a car, it actually causes the metal in the area to contract, which is how the dent "pops" back into place. Say heat was used instead - this might cause that dent to get bigger. Heat causes expansion, while cold causes contraction.
there is a special paint that goes on the inside of the light and some that goes on the outside. Make sure and use the right productIf you go to summitt racing's website they sell a paint that looks black when applied to the lenses but the light can shine thru them, it is a very cool look.. Comes in a can, you can do it yourself.. It is made by VHT, not sure of the name.. . You might want to check with the local po-po, this is illegal in some areas.The best way I have found to do is to buy a product called Nite Shades made by VHT. This can be found at stores on the internet, ebay, and I think Summit Racing (www.summitracing.com) has it in stock. . Basically, you take your taillights out, clean them up real well with soap and water, then wipe over them with rubbing alcohol, then apply a few coats of the Nite Shades. The more you apply, the darker they will be. I have found that two coats works best. If you don't like em, take them out and paint them darker. Not sure if the stuff will come off if you think they are too dark, so be careful about that. . . Good Luck!!
Because at 1 time most vehicles were rear wheel drive, and if that vehicle was abbanded at that garage it was easier to have towed. it doesn't really matter anymore because there's a mixture of both front & rear most people just use that rule for the sake of making rules and feeling important.they don't want people backing into the wall and busting it up.Makes it easier to see you license plateCause they're tired of rednecks holding everybody up. Backing in ought to be illegal everywhere - it's stupid.Because the drivers block the cars behind them as they maneuver.  Also, there are many corners in a parking garage, and having cars back into spaces is dangerous to oncoming traffic. Also the big supporting posts are grey concrete and easy to hit when backing up.  And also they want to see each license plate.Because most people aren't good at it and they usually end up hitting somebody (person or vehicle)because its dark i n there it limits vision and they might just get a fender bender so they say no noIn the UK, there is no such rule. In some places of work though, due to some Health and Safety legislation, you have to reverse park (back) into spaces. Why? I don't exactly know, but I'll look into it.
Concept cars are basicaly ideas for new car designs or development. Concept cars are the first step in developing new and creatively designed cars for the future.ConceptCar is a resource for car design, industrial & product design, concept cars, automotive design & development and transport technology.ITS LIKE A SAMPLE. THE FIRST CAR THAT IS MADE AS AN IDEA TO BE USED TO MAKE IMPROVEMENTS ON THAT MODEL BEFORE ITS AVAILABLE TO THE PUBLICconcept cars are a car wich is manufactured by company for showing that companies ability to manufactur & geting people Ideas about that car... thats it:)concept cars are cars being designed or tested for certain year's launching...when they are actually on the road, they may be slightly different than the original design...
that is a good question for bush and his allies........Oil com gas has always had the potential to increase because of growing need and dependencies.  the prices remained low because of the equilibrium that existed at the time.  the wars being fought today changed this and the potential became a realityAsk people in the rest of the world about high gas prices. We aren't paying much compared to them.. . However, I think the gas companies are reaping ridiculous profits... up about 50% over hte last quarter. Figure it out.Because there is less oil in the world and inflation.Because of speculators who buy gas futures and drive the price up.The Iraq war began over 3 years ago.  Gas prices have only recently shot up, and mostly due to the situation in Iran and the problems in Nigeria.  You're also seeing increased demand in Asia and problems with refinery capacity in the United States, as in no one will let us build any new ones.. . Oh, wait, I forgot, stupid me.  It's Bush's fault...all of the rest of that is just crap.The prez is an oil man lol he is ripping off all of us.The geek made 350 million last year,must be niceBasically supply and demand.. . For example, China is a growing country whose demands for petroleum are increasing on a daily basis, countries like Saudi Arabia and Mexico are exploting those opportunities as well as many other petroleum producer countries.. . The gas prices will keep high in all the world as long as the demand for it remains the same.Because the Arabs don't want to sell it for cheap. Plus, president Bush doesn't care because he owns an oil company. Right now he is selling oil and getting richer because of the price for the gas!Gas prices are high because big oil companies have a monopoly in the american market. Our Oil companies work together to fix sale prices so everyone involved makes the same money and eliminates the need for competition.. . Gas prices and prices in general rise during a war. This war, which is primarily about oil, is no different.There are plenty of good reasons, but I don't care, I am angry and I am going with pointing the finger at the gas companies... Damn greedy capitalist pigs. Did you hear about in Venezuela the gas is 12 cents a gallon?! Sure other countries are paying more than us for gas, but a country with our resources it is absolutely ludicrous that our gas prices are this high and continuing to raise.because we have very little gov control over the oil companies. they have elected to not build refiners in the us because of so many environment issues. This has put the supplies of gas in short supply. High demand - short supply = higher prices. And don't be mislead, most of our imported oil comes from south America, and there is ample supplies. Iran is trying to drive up the cost of crude oil, but that is only a temporary cost increase.
The big problem is getting enough people to do it. If enough people did it then yes, it would work, however then people would have to Find something else to complain about, that's lifeYou know some people have jobs, they need their cars and cars need gas. So unless they work for the goverment and they have complete controll over the gas prices then there is nothing that they can do. And public transportation is not everywhere. especially if you live in the Boondocks.Or take yourself out of the game entirely.  I did; sold my car two years ago and I don't miss it one bit!. . I realize it's not practical to do this outside of a city with a decent public transit system.  But if you can train it or bus it to work, trust me, not driving is soooo much more relaxing!you realize that just because it doesn't say Shell on the pump, you could still be buying their gas?  It's not just a matter of not running your car either.  I have to divre 1500 miles a week, and for what I'm making, you think I'm just going to up and stop for a month?  Yyyyyeah...rright.Baa!!  Sheep are always feed before being slaughtered.  They need someone to lead them.  Are you ready to lead the uprising and follow through or are you just a ram in it for the fun?  Take Charge and Lead.. A small pebble can cause a dam to overflow.To stop buying gas doesn't sound realistic. But I think if we at least switch to smaller more economical cars that will help. Think about it, why do you need a truck for if a wagon or a hatchback can do most of the things.
The Honda has a 4 speed automatic transmission. D4 is the normal range where the transmission shifts and uses all 4 gears. D3 locks out the 4th gear, which is good if you need to downshift going down a steep hill. 2 allows only the first two gears to work, and 1 is just 1st gear.They are like the 1, 2, 3, and 4 of a manual transmition. Most of the time you drive in the D4 and the transmition changes gears itself.D4 is overdrive.  Use D3 in the city for better acceleration.  2 and 1 for snow/ice crawling.THE HONDA ACCORD HAS A 4 SPEED AUTOMATIC.... 1= 1ST GEAR. 2= 2ND GEAR. D3= 3RD GEAR. D4= 4TH GEAR. IF YOU WANT YOU CAN TRY SHIFTING THE GEARS MANUALLY AND YOU WILL SEE.WHEN YOU DRIVING OFF PUT THE GEAR LEVER IN THE 1 POSITION AND AS YOU CONTINUE DRIVIN JUST SHIFT UPWARD UNTIL YOU REACH TO D4.THEN YOU'LL GET IT!!Forward drive gears.  Automatic 4 speed tranny.
There is a trick to this, and you don't have to unplug anything. Some models you turn the ignition on and off three times, then hit the unlock button, or some such nonsense. It's definitely in your owner's manual.you can find the power cord for the door locks and disconnect it or even just pull the fuse for the doors but that might take away power windown if you got thoseUnless you plan on throwing something or someone out of the car at high speed I can't see why you'd need to. So even if i did know I wouldn't tell you.
If you car is turning over (crank) it's not likely to be the neutral safety start switch.. . If the neutral safety start switch is working, you shouldn't be able to crank at all unless the car is in Park or neutral and your foot is on the brake.. . So the fact that the car cranks (I'm assuming in park) it's not the neutral safety start switch.IT IS A SWITCH ON YOUR CLUTCH PEDAL THAT PREVENTS YOU FROM STARTING VEHICLE WITHOUT USING THE CLUTCH.The safety neutral switch is the part that keeps the vehicle from starting if the gear selector is in gear-on automatic transmission equipped vehicles. That way the car will not start unless the it is in Park or Neutral.  Manual transmission equipped vehicles have to have the clutch pushed in with this device.  All of this is not the problem however, because the vehicle would not even crank if that was the problem.  It could be the security (PASSKEY) in the ignition switch as you mentioned. Since the problem is intermittent I doubt the fuel system is at fault.  . . Good Luck.It sound like a fuel problem to me. Sounds like the fuel is bleeding back.  Try cycling the key once or twice before you try cranking.  Turn the key on for 5 seconds and then back off again.  Do that again and then crank the engine.neutral safety switch is in the trans. This switch keeps you from being able to start the car in any drive gear.There's a difference between the neutral safety switch and the clutch safety switch. If you have a standard transmission, there is usually a switch that is mounted somewhere on the clutch linkage that prevents the car from starting without the clutch pedal pushed down- this is, therefore, the clutch safety switch. Automatic transmissions, however, don't have them as there is no external, manual clutch. The neutral safety switch will be inside or attached to the transmission preventing the engine from starting in any gear other than neutral or park. With cars that start so easily, as our electronically tuned engines do today, this keeps someone from starting the car in gear (especially kids) and the car taking off on it's own.
Yes, rubbing compound, but use it carefully.. . If the scratches are SUPER minor, you might consider some of that color-match waxes/polishes.try a filler wax.if it isn't down to the metal you can use  a rubbing compound from your local parts storehey try polishing it,  but then it matters on how deep the scrathces areYou could try that cream called, GS27, But I suggest touch up paint.Try buffing them out. If they don't then they're probably too deep and you will have to have it painted, it could get quite pricey.Rubbing compound at your local auto parts store or Wal-Mart.  There is a Wal-Mart everywhere...paint markers=auto parts store,craft store..$2.00-$15.00..WELL I REALLY DON'T KNOW MUCH ABOUT CARS BUT I WOULD THINK THAT YOU WOULD HAVE TO HAVE YOUR CAR PAINTED IN ORDER TO COVER UP THE SCRATCHES/.
In my state (Maryland) when I got my Learner's Permit (in 1998), all I had to do was take a short test on the computer. Needed at least 85% to pass.I just turned 15 1/2 and I just started to get my permit, and here's what I have to do (I live in CA, so it might be a bit different). You can go to an online drivers ed program that costs about $60 and complete the course, then go to your local DMV and take a test that if you pass you get your permit. Or you can enroll in a class that is over a weekend and then take the test after the class. Once you have your permit you have to have it for 6 months before you can get your license.You have to go to the DMV and get a book, study it, pass the test and get an eye exam
No not all trains/subways smell like pee; in fact, very few do.  However, some may give off an odor of the sort due to the fact that some people choose to pee in the subway.  This can be an act of rebellion, or simply boredness, but its disgusting, so limit your stay to as few stops as possible.Because there are unclean people riding them and I don't think the trains are cleaned often. Take some spray Lysol with you and spray it around it will smell better and you will kill germs too.Some drunken people pee anywhere they can.Because people pee on them. Seriously.I know that on The Electric Sewer (the NYC subway), they fine you 50$ for spitting on the floor. However, you can throw up for free.Because it is public and there is hardly anytime to clean them since they are always in constant motionIt's all urine, peepeeDuh!  It's from the urine.There supposed to be cleaned every night. Must be a big city that goes all night. Workers don't really care about what conditions they work in. I wouldn't put up with that if i worked for the place.it was probably from all the pespiration or what they step on .. stepping in and out.. maybe from the food as well... lol and no one could care less to clean it . :)
Not only gay men, but gay women as well. For some reason you do see lots of gay people driving a black Jeep. Who knows why?I didn't know that.That was very unprofessional on the salesman's part.  . . Gay men like Jeep Wranglers, Saturns, and VW Jettas.. . Lesbians like Subarus.LOL. one of my buddies, also the biggest homophobe i know has a black jeep wrangler. i must pass this on to him. i never heard that before though eitheryesI'm sorry but I don't watch for gay guys
For a used part, your best bet is to call around to different junkyards in your area.eBay - there was a nice Osco one on there for $100 and no one bid..... . Don't weld it.... it's cast iron... not reliable and could cost you an engine if it fails.... . auction was number 4631135194try contacting the guy and ask if he'll relist.Ebay.The old one can be ( stitch welded) with a special type of rod just for welding cast iron and engine blocks,I believe if I am not mistaken it is a nickle&steel rod for stick welding cast iron only .You can purchase the rods at welding supply shops all over, a little pricey.But they will do the job .If you still want to replace I would look for a marine salvage through any boat-livery and marina; someone should be able to help.Check your water pump you may need a new impeller(to crack a cooled exhaust manifold would mean lack of water flow),also check your rubber joint for cracks from heat between lower unit exhaust connection and manifold.. and as a suggestion for safety (in the event of a water pump failure and that rubber joint pipe fails on the exhaust keep a tennis ball on hand .it will fit nicely into the lower pipe connection in an emergency and prevent water from comming back into the boat from the lower unit and keep you afloat till help arrives.
That's not a license plate number, it's a VIN or Vehicle Identification Number.  You can look up what all of the coding means on the internet or Plymouth specific forums.You have to know who the car belongs to ,whos name it is in. Then go the the highway dept. They should be able to give you the imformation you need with the paper work you already have.
wow stfu im reporting youThis advertisment belongs on EBAY, not a question and answer forum. Try looking elsewhere, maybe YAHOO shopping, to sell your crap.HERES MY 2 POINTS WORTHthat sounds very sexualgo on to a sex site you pervyou a F--- ing dork   I sure your crap shifter is better then the stock one
To get from the left to the right.  The chicken came back got hit by a car, he ain't a chicken no more.to get away from kfcTo prove to the opossum is can be done. Unless you are in Texas, then it is to prove to the armadillo it can be done.ummmmmm  duh  to get to the other side...to buy eggs for breakfast......To cross the border and take egg laying jobs that American chickens won't take.To look for a question worth answering?BECAUSE GOD GAVE HIM 2 LEGS AND HE WANTED TO WALK ACROSS THE STREETto try out his new tennishoesSteve Jobs 's (Apple) Answer:. Because of the brand-new iChicken- a portable device that crosses roads, lays eggs, gives wakeup calls and provides dinner, automatically. This amazing device can simply plug in to the $4000 iCoop to produce additional iChickens and recharge existing iChickens, or plug it into the $9000 iChop to convert iChicken files into iFood. iFood-to-Regular Food converters sell for an additional $50/month fee, however the optional iFood-to-FoodXP converter is still in development. iChickens are only available from authorized iDealers, which can be found in nearly every US state. If your iChicken develops a disease or stops working, you must send it by FedEx Overnight to Littleton, Montana and our iTechnicians will send you a replacement within 3 months. The iChicken. Wow.. . . Neil Armstrong's Answer:. To go where no chicken has gone before.. . Another Answer:. That's one small step for Chicken, one giant leap for Chicken kind.to do the roosterTo get to the other sideThe chicken crossed the road to get some lotion because there is nothing better than poultry in motion. Yes I`m a  little drunk, mmmmmm CHICKEN !The chicken had no choice in the deal. it was stuck on a deviant's di*k.His so stupid he did that to get to the middle.To have sex w/ a goatBecause the road was there.  To the chicken, the road was of no concern.  The chicken walked and the road happened to be in the path.because the owner kicked them away
Wheel balancing is important to give a smooth ride - rather than feeling like you're in a paint shaker.. Wheel alignment keeps the car from pushing or pulling to the left or right.. Both help the tires to wear evenly.When your wheels are aligned they are set so that they both run equal as in when they are on their threads they are straight up and down. This being from the top of the tire to the road surface. If your vehicle is not aligned properly the vehicle will pulled severely to the left or the right.. When your tires are balanced weights are put on the tire rim. This is done so as your are driving down the road your vehicle does not shake uncontrollably as if the tires are not balanced they not be weight proportionate. This being they will shake as your drive down the street. Have I confused you yet?Balancing is the process of making sure that when the wheel is going round any bias in the wheel or tyre is corrected by fiting counter weights to the wheel rim.. . Otherwise the steering will shake.. . Alignmnent is where you make sure that the two front wheels actually point in the right direction and at the right angle. This is to ensure optimum handling and minimise uneven tyre wear.each tire is balanced separately with small weights applied as needed; alignment is down to front end or back end of the car make them where the tires more evenlyalignment refers to position of the wheels in relation to the car and the other wheels and how straight up and down they r and how straight they travel down the road. balance refers to how they spin without vibrating that is why u see tiny lead weights on rims of tires right next to where tire mounts on rimbalancing is for each wheel, to ensure it spins without a wobble. alignment is  to ensure that the wheels are turning true so that you get even wear and less stress on the mechanics
the right lane isn't necessarily the slow lane.on a highway the easier lane to get in and out of is on the right because of its relative possition to the on and of ramp, therefore cars usually travel in this lane. the left lane is mostly for passing the cars in the right lane. Since the left lane cars are traveling faster in order to pass those in the right lane, those in the right are perspectively in the slow lane.thats the lane ppls pull of to go to businessesBecause that's the lane people get on and off the highway at so it's going to be the slowest anyways. If you're going to be driving slowly, you might as well be driving in the slowest lane.b/c almost allways it's the lane ppl get off from and it's also the lane that ppl are merging ontobecause they'll run over you in the fast lane... and you need someplace safe to drive
diesel fuel has a higher ignition/explosian point than gas.. It's fairly hard to ignite diesel with a simple lighter.. first it has to be compressed to a high degree then ignited.. also diesel engines have heavier duty components hence the longer engine life of a diesel engine!They have higher compression. This is due to no spark plugs--that is how diesels work.This is no longer true of the new generation of diesel engines. Most are quite, more powerful, and cleaner burning than older models.  Most people envision either cheap econo-car diesels or trucks which are the most common diesel vehicles, but not indicative of modern diesel technology.Its because they work with Compression combustion, and the gasoline engines work with internal combustion, the oil in the compression engine needs to be warm up.In terms of Ford / GM / Dodge trucks, because the company doesn't want a quiet engine.. . They want a loud, masculine, testostrone driven engine, for all their ads of driving through creeks and stuff.
If there is a Camping World store near you, they have all the info on towing. The best cars to pick, towing equipment,. etc., and they are good at answering all your questions. They also do all the installations, if needed.Honda Vehicles are the most towable cars on the market today.  Dealers usually have vehicles with "tow packages" in their inventory.  Keep in mind, having the tow package already installed at the dealer can get pricey.i work for a big RV dealership. we install towbars (blueox) onto many vehicles, the most common is saturn actually. they are very light, (being plastic body).id say a good 70% of the cars we get in, are a Saturn.. jeep liberty is also popular.Rent one, from a RV sales place or rent one from a car rental business. Or just buy one from the same dealership where the RV came from.
Airlines want their pilots to be conservative and safety conscious at all times.  Excessive speeding tickets could indicate a risk taker or someone who can't follow the rules.  While one ticket every two or three years may not be too bad, a single citation for reckless or drunk driving can end a career before it gets started.It shouldn't affect you to bad, had a friend who forgot his license and was pulled over, but he's still going into the Air Force, so that didn't affect him badly, so you should be fine.Speeding tickets in gemeral are not a problem unless you have a lead foot and rack up alot of them. The big issue the FAA looks for are Drug/Alcohol driving infractions. . . Once you apply for your student license/medical, the FAA will cross reference your information with the National Drivers Register database. There they will double check your application for authenticity. Yes, this does sound like Big Brother, but it is a necessary evil to keep our skies safe.. . Be honest on your application and you will have no problems for the most part. . . As far as the speeding ticket goes, if all you had to do was pay a fine, you are pretty much in the clear. Good luck and welcome to the club!there is no such thing as an airline career anymore, so if you can still change your mind b4 its too late pick a new field such as health care or teaching. unless of course you really want to work holidays , every weekend, late nites.    owe a ton of money to your flight school and when u finnaly get a job, you might gross about 12000.00 a year.   think about it!!!i am not flying in the states but over here in africa, i dont know a single pilot that does not have a few speeding tickets under their belt. the big thing they will nail you on is getting caught drunkend driving or using drugs and even then the one that will give you the most trouble is your future employer.ask ur higher officials.It shouldn't affect your chances of being apart of the airline industry. Getting a speeding ticket and an airline career is completely incomparable. And in the worse case scenario that that is the case - it may be seen as a life mistake, and you can still get through.. Think of it this way - make sure you are qualified, and you can fly higher than you can now. :). That's my two cents.
kumhoMichelons are very good.  If they are hard to find try Kelly-springfield, Cooper or Hankook
http://www.tc.gc.ca/tdg/clear/part16.htm. "An inspection certificate provided under subsection 11(1) of the Act when an inspector opens anything for inspection or takes a sample of anything that is sealed or closed up must be in the following form:" . or in Florida. 15 (a) "Certificate of destruction" means the certificate 16 issued pursuant to s ... Safety and Motor Vehicles of written notice from a mobile home 9 transport company that claims ...flsenate.gov/cgi-bin/view_page.pl?Tab=session&Submenu=1&FT=D&.../html -It can be many things, could you edit your question with something a bit more specific?C16:(Commodore 16) . The Commodore 16 was a home computer made by Commodore with a 6502-compatible 7501 CPU, released in 1984. It was intended to be an entry-level computer to replace the VIC-20 and it often sold for US$99. A cost-reduced version, the Commodore 116, was sold only in Europe.
pull the fuseIt's configuered in the starting system. Under the dash,(when the @$%&* things buzzing away),you'll see a small plastic black box,with what looks like a speaker opening. Cut the two wires to it,and install a jumper wire to the two wires that originally went to the buzzer box. If memory serves,not placing a jumper wire into the system, will cause the truck to not start!take the key out of the ignition.???
no screw driver no hammer lol.   there is a small Allen screw on the bottom of the stem holding the mirror.. . loosen the Allen screw half a turn or so and lift the mirror up the flat mount remaining will support the new mirror, or remove it with super glue remover.a hammerYou should be able to take a small screwdriver and pry the cover off of the screw if it is there. Then remove the screw and the mirror will slide towards the roof off of the mount on the windshield.
They have sales that apply only to certain parts of the country.  They make sure you live in the area where they are offering the special sales price.It usually means that you need to show proof that you have lived in a certain area (like a city) for a period of time in order to take advantage of a special discount.
Heavier than air aerodynes, including autogyros, helicopters and variants, and conventional fixed-wing aircraft (airplanes or aeroplanes). Fixed-wing aircraft generally use an internal-combustion engine in the form of a piston engine (with a propeller) or a turbine engine (jet or turboprop), to provide thrust that moves the craft forward through the air. The movement of air over the airfoil produces lift that causes the aircraft to fly.Most of them have engines that make them go forward which in turn increases the airflow over the wings and produces lift...Lift is developed by airflow over the wings.  Longer surface on top of wing causes air to "thin out" going over it resulting in greater pressure on bottom of wing generating lift.basically there is 2 nessaties 4 an aircraft to fly firstly air flow over the wing for lifting of the aircraft and an open area 4 landing.AND it is also NEWTON'S THIRD LAW OF MOTION,"every action has equal n opposite reaction".As action the aircraft moves ahead and as areaction the aircraft takes off...............An airplane stays in the air with four forces working to keep it airborne.... lift:   provided by the wings. drag:   caused by the resistance to air. thrust: provided by the engine(powerplant). _______:. now please fill in the blanks. . don't forget the movement around different axis;. pitch. roll. yawto fill in the blank that someone else left, the answer would be gravity.what do you mean how does it work. besides theres to many thing sto explain for someone to answer thisdeez g's got it ritehow long is a piece of string?
Adjust the main (high speed) jet on the carburetor.  Most of these have two mixture adjustments, one for idle mixture and one for high speed mixture.  The idle mixture screw is usually near the carb mount and the high speed mixture screw is usually on the bottom of the fuel bowl.cover the air cleaner and restrict flow a littleYou didn't say whether this is a single cylinder lawn tractor or an old agricultural one. I would suggest putting a rebuild kit in the carburetor or replacing the carburetor. Also, the condition of the engine has considerable to do with the machine's performance. Perhaps a tuneup would help.Carby is clogged.  Most likely the main jet is restricted. Also check bolts holding carby on are tight.  Manifold or carby vacuum leak could cause similar problem.If your adjustments are still what they have been before this happened..... it's not that... Sounds like its time for a carb rebuild for it.
Check your ignition timing to make sure the spark is being applied at the right stage in the combustion sequenceAfter you check the common sense stuff, check that the pilot jet in the carb is clean. Your carb might be getting gas, but the motor isn't getting the proper amount.Timing out?I had this problem with my sons bike and to my annoyance it was the piston and head gasket .try spraying easy start through the air filter, also take spark plug out, heat it up, spray easy spray in the barrel, and try to start the engine  it might work but it sure does sound like you have low compression .my boys bike is motocross and though it is only a kx 60 it has a high compressionQuestions to ask is is it an electrical problem where one or more wires have come undone.  This happened to me with mine.  Also is this a bike or scooter as some manufacturers of scooters have a safety cut off so it wont start if the side stand is down. Scooters being automatic can also have problems with electricals when the wires get wet from washing the bikes with hoses etc.check an see if you have full compression at the time of spark, and fuel.With 2 strokes check your reed valves for proper sealing,Then check for top dead center.spark fuel and air are worthless without compression.
It should tell you how to do it in the owners manual. If you don't have one, go to a dealer and they will tell you how.Its in your owners manual. One can be purchased on e-bay. if its been changed by a previous owner you may not have access until you contact them.
did you reset it last time you changed the oil?  The car doesn't know when you did it last, it's just counting miles since the last reset.Its not an oil Change light. Its an oil pressure light to notify you of low oil pressure or if your oil pressure is too high.  . . If there is not enough oil in your engine you will have low oil pressure and that is probably the case with your vehicle.  It could also be a bad sensor.   . . Keep track of your mileage and change the oil every 4 to 5,000 miles.  Every 3,000 miles is not necessary.  It is OK to extend the life of the oil.  They recommend every 3000 miles because most likely the oil has been recycled, therefore has a shorter life span.Your oil level is probably low.  Mesure it and you should change it every month anyway.Just because you haven't reached the normal mileage or 3 month rule doesn't mean that you don't have to change your oil yet. You're car may have been driven harder and the oil "burned" up quicker. Either that or you have an oil leak and need to put some oil in her. Either way, don't ignore the "check" lights, they are there to protect you from potentially ruining your car.You need to change your oil.i would say you need to put oil in or if you had ur oil changed recently they could have put too much in.u should get it checked out just incase.uh.... it's a chevy camero.... duhhhhhHave you checked your oil level?  You may be nearly out of oil!glitch is right.  Follow her advice!check your oil level
when you turn on the ignition ther needs to be a little noise under the car for two seconds like a litle motor  that is your fuel pump  if you don't hear that check the fuses and the fuel pump relay but i can tell you  that 90% is the fuel pump  . this pump is inside the gas tank  don't buy it from the dealer 245.00 . . buy a generic from your autoparts peb boys $76.00  also buy a new harnness $14.00Your fuel pump could be out, or you could have a stopped up fuel filter.several reasons.. . first you need to understand that the car needs three things to run.. . 1. Oxygen. 2. Electricity. 3. Gas. . If you are missing any one of them, your car will not run. First you need to see if the electricity is running, check the battery.  The next two are not easy.  There are many things that can go wrong with this.  valves not opening, O2 sensor messed up, so forth and so on.  If those are working, it's the gas.  Check the fuel pump.  That is probably your problem. . . But like I said, it could be any 1 of the 3 reasons.It is probably your fuel pump or fuel pump relay. Turn on ignition key when it is very quiet in your car and see if you can hear your fuel pump come on.
Fuel injection syetems.... . the car regulates how much it gas is needed, and sprays accordinly. This allows the car to work at a more effecient rate, and technically the only "safe" way.I assume that you are talking about top fuel drag cars? I don't know much about them but I do know that they use alchol and for the most part it is still burned the same way it does in your car. Just don't put it in your car. Otherwise you will be looking for another car or mechanic in the very near future.
Because your a moron. And don't realize the world doesn't revolve around youYour ISP is overloaded, your ISP is doing work that has it down for a little bit or your have pissed off the EMAIL Gods and must repent and do penitence before they will allow it to open.. . John B.Did you forget to send a check to your internet service provider ???? I think they closed your account.Though the problem is serious.........yet.....i suggest you to report to the local police station.....ha ha hawhy the hell are you getting frustrated? it'll be fine in a few hours.Wait for few min it will be ok
The Ford Ka line is not sold in the US.  There's no way to import one legally.IMPORTING A CAR. .       WARNING. . Imported motor vehicles are subject to safety standards under the Motor Vehicle Safety Act of 1966, revised under the Imported Vehicle Safety Compliance Act of 1988; to bumper standards under the Motor Vehicle Information and Cost Savings Act of 1972, which became effective in 1978; and to air pollution control standards under the Clean Air Act of 1968, as amended in 1977, and 1990.. . If vehicles manufactured abroad conform to U.S. safety, bumper, and emission standards, it is because these vehicles are exported for sale in the United States. Therefore, it is unlikely that a vehicle obtained abroad meets all relevant standards.  Be skeptical of claims by a foreign dealer or other seller that a vehicle meets these standards or can readily be brought into compliance.  Vehicles entering the United States that do not conform with U.S. safety standards must be brought into compliance, exported, or destroyed.. . ***follow the link below for the entire articel.You would have to make it legal for emissions and it would have to have a title. Also, why in the world would you want a car that is uglier than the Pontiac Aztek or the Kia Amanti?Only thing i can recommend is see if a car broker can import one for you.
can easily be confused with the number one a small l or a capital iSeat letters are denoted to allow agents to always recognize which seats are window seats and which are aisle seats (as these are the most frequently requested by passengers).  As you will find on airplanes that have only two seats on each side of the aircraft A is always a window and C is the aisle (no B unless there are 3 seats on each side).  So, depending on the configuration - total number of seats across one whole row, "I" may be skipped.it looks like oneIs that I, l (small L) or the number 1? That is the problem - it can easily be misunderstood and misread. In some cases O is missed out so it doesn't get read as a number.Ummmm, No. They do use "T" for registration nunmbers. I just flew a N734TJ the other day.yes... I can be confused with 1 and O (o) with 0 (zero).... they skip it also in plane registrationsThe capital I and the number 1 are too similar in appearance.
Give some details.  How does it die?  What's it sound like?  Probably isn't getting gas.Put some gas in it.
if it has a turbo its a wastgate or blow off valve. they dump the excess pressure (when you release the accelarator) out into the atmosphere so the pressure doesnt damage youre throttle body or you turbo.the first answer is correct.its probably the turbo.definetlyI'm guessing that it might also be just the wind noise since between shifts (I'll assume you mean during shifting). the engine is making less noise and at those speeds the wind noise is quite substantial.its probaly the nitrous (if they have any of it)ok if a girl has to tell you this u need to do ur homework, its the turbo hun, and they vary by how high u have it, so it coulg be very low or it could be loud just depends, if its the weekend ( :D )
There is a tag on the Driver Door that has the Manufactureres Specs.. . Just open and look.Look on your tires themselves, there is small lettering around where the tire meets the rim, you will see numbers indicating the tire size, some other D.O.T. specified info, and you will also see specification for the tires PSI (pounds per square inch) rating , ex: 35lbs psi, or whichever.
Take it to an auto glass replacement shop and they can reglue it on in about 5 minutes. They usually don't charge as it is a "goodwill gesture". I have reglued dozens of mirrors back after the owner tried a department store mirror adhesive and had the mirror fall in their lap after the first pothole.if it was attached to the windshield, there'll be a small metal plate in the mirror mount.  take that out and glue back to the windshlied using superglue.  Let it set for at least 6 hrs and then reattach the mirror.go to almost any parts store,,they have special glue( a sort of super glue) remove the little plate that attaches to window from the mirror,,clean both areas(windshield and plate)locate where you want to put it,apply the glue,tape in place for a day,then put the mirror back on the next day,, its normal for them to came off after a whilego to walmart and buy "rearview mirror glue" apply the glue and hold the mirror up to the windshield for a little bit and it should staysuperglue?Go to NAPA ro Auto Zone and buy the special glue they have for re-attaching mirrors.  Follow the instructions on the package.superglueno, this normal.The guy replying immediately above me is giving you the best advice, by far.. . You have a 1-5 chance of your mirror sticking if you attempt to fiddle with the mirror glue kits from the auto stores. Even if the auto glass shops charge you for the reglue, it will only be about $10.00, and they guarantee it.. . Anybody who recommends superglues is out to lunch.there is an adhesive kit you can buy at your local store, follow directions. should cost around 10 dollarsI have an old van and the rearview mirror falls down all the time. It slides back on to the little piece mounted on the windshield, but evidently yours is different. My side mirror is broken, too, (my van is "special") but I duct-taped it in place & that works fine. I'm a firm believer in using duct tape to fix many of life's irritating problems!. Maybe you can do that until you can get to the parts store.Gorilla glue, it is the strongest glue out there and it will bond anything so be careful around skin.They sell kits at auto parts stores and/or Walmart.  Just make sure you clean the glass and bracket well.
You have already destroyed a transmission, and you still have not learned?. . . In the words of Bill Engvall  "Here's your sign"We used to do second gear burnouts in college but we burned up my friends jeep. Then my friend and I was out hunting in his and he did a second gear scratch on accident. Scared the man to death but I was laughing. Try the second gear.well I think about five gallons of gas and a few matches will do it.Drench your tires in gasoline and set them on fire.
Your truck has Off-Road tuned suspension, his/her truck has road-tuned suspension.. . not much difference...About $3000.Z71 IS A SUSPENSION PKG. ABOUT THE ONLY DIFF IS THAT THE OFF ROAD HAS A SKID PLATE NEAR THE CROSSMEMBER. SOME OF THE REGULAR Z71'S STILL HAVE A SKID PLATE.
2nd answer makes some good points, but you have to remove the airbag first using proper saftey precautions, and there are more steps than what he listed. if you dont have a service manual, dont do it yourselfyou must first have a gear puller to remove the steering wheel next the tumbler should be in view there will be a screw holding the tumbler in the column.YOU NEED A GEAR PULLER.1ST YOU REMOVE THE CENTER NUT,2ND THERES A BOLT THAT GOES TO THE CENTER OF THE PULLEY,THERE ARE 2 THREADED HOLES ONE ON EACH SIDE OF THE CENTER NUT.ON EACH SIDE OF THE PULLEY,YOUR PULLEY COMES W/ 2 BOLTS PUT ONE ON EACH SIDE OF THE PULLEY AND SCREW INTO THE THREADED  HOLES.USE A WRENCH ON THE THE BOLT IN THE CENTER OF THE PULLEY,AS YOU TURN THE BOLT IT PUSHES DOWN,AND THE STEERING WHEEL WILL COME OFF.THE KEY CYLINDER SWITCH COMES INSIDE THE STRING COLUMN UNDO THE SCREW WHICH HOLD THE CYLINDER IN PLACE.INSTALL NEW KEY CYLINDER SWITCH.TO PUT BACK REPEAT IN REVERSE.THEN YOU'RE IN BUSINESS.tkae it too dealer ship  i have smae kinda car its too hard toodo yourself
What is Part 141?:  Certification as a FAA approved Flight School under CFR PART 141 training is closely supervised by the government.  The school must  follow an approved syllabus, the Chief Flight Instructor and Assistant Chief Flight Instructor must take annual check rides from the local FAA Flight Standards District Office.  Plus, the FAA conducts random "spot checks" of school records, facilities and aircraft. . . What does this mean to the student?:  . .                 Standardized training:  You will be trained to the highest possible standards in well maintained aircraft by motivated instructors.  . .                 Formal Ground school:  You will be required to get a minimum number of formal ground school hours.  Perhaps the most common remarks by Flight Examiners is that the students knowledge level when they go thru Part 61 flight training is not what it should be.  Most Part 61 instructors hand you a book and say "study for the test".  . .                Reduced flight hours:  Under Part 141, you get more dual flight instruction and follow a formal syllabus, so the FAA allows you to get your Private Pilot License in 35 hours instead of 40 hours.An aviation training program can be Part 141 or Part 61.  Part 141 has a required amount of time to be spent on each skill before moving along, and the amount of time is accounted for by the professor.  Part 61 schools are more paced per the needs of the student.As someone else already mentioned, Part 141 schools are more structured and more regulated.. . I do have one disagreement with them however and that is, a 141 school does not guarantee you a better education nor does it necessarily make you a better pilot than someone who trained part 61.. . Case-in-point... there is a local university with a part 141 school which will remain nameless.  We have a part 61 school.  One of the local examiners typically takes two people at a time for PPL checkrides.  The oral is done side by side and then one waits while the other takes his/her ride.  One of our students took the oral beside a student from this university... while the kid from the 141 school was fumbling and missing answer, our student was answering them spot on.  The same examiner has told our chief flight instructor that our students are the best prepared he sees.  Also, we've had some issues with graduates from this 141 school showing some bad decision making and an over reliance on technology ("Oh no, the GPS isn't working on a VFR day, we need to cancel the flight.") ;). . I don't mean to float our own boat here, merely to show that Part 61 schools are not necessarily any worse than Part 141 schools.Part 141 is a part of the Federal Aviation regulations.It consists of many subsections relating to Aviation.Part 141 of the FAR
you can throw an extra 20 hp or so by installing an intercooler and intake manifold but its gonna cost a good grand or so. You can also buy software and hook a notebook upto you OEM and release the *excess* HP in your engine that the dealer harnesses(this would be cheapest). . lol @ you morons who think NOS is the answer-you have NO clue what NOS will do to a stock engine, and you other MORONS who wanna throw a V-8 in a nissan lmmfaoI'm no car expert, but I'd try one of these:. *a V8 engine if you don't have one already!. *nitrus oxide which can burn more than rubber!. *a supercharger which can FRIGGIN'...!. *a V12 engine which exhists! I don't know where!. *a new car that is faster and CHEAP!. *a weight-loss program IF you are "fat"Go turbo, do NOT touch NOS because yeah at first you'll be like woo-hoo, until the NOS has finally eaten its way through your motor and you're looking at a new long block. Also drop a cool air intake system in there, that'll help out too =]TAKE YOU FAT ASS OUT OF IT!!!!Drive down a big hill or mountain in neutral;) LOLcold air intake. exhaust. programmer. turbo,. nitrousRacing Stripespush the pedal furthurpush harder on the accelerator, when you are in a high gear.. . if that doesnt work pehaps try purchasing a more powerful car, or go to your local garage and see how much it would cost to make it more powerful.. . sometimes i find a service can give an older car a wee boost as well  hope this helps and good luck with the carRe-inflate the tires with helium.Take out the catalytic converter... it won't be legal anymore, but it will go faster.  Also, it will use up a lot more gas as you are taking out the oxygen sensor (it will only let you burn enough gas to mix with the air so that pollution won't be too bad).you could by a new car with a bigger engine or you could gave your car a boost with nitrous oxidesell it and buy a Ferrari................. . HA   HA   HA   HA    HA    HA    HA    HATURBO!!!
I second cra-z-r-n-u, it's a bad radiator cap. Get a new radiator cap. The radiator cap is suppose to hold pressure, and it's not doing it's job. Go to an auto parts store and replace the radiator cap. Typically around $10bad cap? head gasket causing pressure build up? overheating and boiling? my guess is the cap is bad.
keep the arab terrorists off of themhmmmmm, lessee, at times while flying the captain would come on the intercom and say that we were crusiing at 36,000 feet.  Divide that by 5280 and you get what?  Lessee, my handy windows calculator says 6.81 miles.  that's the highest i've ever flown---Google says the service altitude of a Boeing 727 is 30,000 to 40,000 feet.45,000 feet in USDepends - if the plane is turbine (jet) or piston engined it'll vary.. . A turbocharged piston commuter will get to 25,000 feet maximum usually - but fly about 10,000.. . However a turboprop (jetprop) will usually cruise at about 18000 - 30000 maximum - this might be a 19 seater.. . However an airliner will cruise usually up to a maximum of 45,000 feet - however most will be about 35-40,000. It depends on weight too - a fully laden jet will start at a maximum of maybe just 34,000 then climb up to often about 40,000 as fuel is burnt. Airline planners decided which is best depending on winds, too.
Fusible links are repaired by removing the burnt portion of the wire and splicing in a new fusible link of the same size. DO NOT replace a fuse link with a plain wire as the circuit will not be protected in the case of a short circuit. My best suggestion would be to get it to a reputable shop for this repair.the only fix is to replace it. they cannot be repaired.As wrenchman stated, the fusible link can be repaired, but a fusable link is a "fuse", so your best bet would be to find out why it burnt first.
check to make sure your spark plugs are not grounding out.. i usually had this problem when it rained, one of my spark plug wires was cut so, it was grounding w/ the engine causing a low idle.  also, check the spark plugs make sure non of then are cracked. a good way to check this is at night so u can see a spark if grounding out.intake leaksdirty air filter or mass airflow sensor.get it check in some small shops. It cost me $20 to get one.
It isn't THAT rare. That starion was made also under american companies Chrysler Dodge and Plymouth as the Conquest, and there are a few that are still here in America, like one in my driveway =)I know a bloke selling one when the rego runs out in 2 months, it is roadworthy and he wants $600 au dollars for it.  I'm thinking of buying it just to sell parts of it as the rear window alone is worth 250 dollarsis a very rare car they made it in 1987 to 1989 . but the more rare one is the Gulwing Starion made it in 1988 they only made 5 of this version the same as starion gsr-vr but with the doors like the lamborgini diablo. one more think u can find this mitsubishi in japan and UKHow rare is it? I would have to say, some of my Japanese friends don't even know what that is.very rare. has to be "imported", i dont see why not.
You don't.  There are laws against that kind of thing.Your insurance company can get it if you were in an accident
i must agree that this catera is a piece, i told my aunt but did she listent noooo!!! i looks cute and its a cadillac. psst sure looks cute when it rapes your bank account.. well im glad you learn your lessonI don't have one, but I've seen several.  As far as it goes, you're lucky your engine isn't leaking yet, or that you haven't had head trouble.  These aren't good cars for that.  But if you hate it, just remember, it still zigs, and if you still hate it, just drive around a few bars late at night 'til someone has their insurance company buy you a new one.
Car made by ToyotaThe Toyota Celica name has been applied to a series of popular sports cars made by the Japanese company Toyota. The name is derived from the Spanish word for "heavenly" or "celestial".What is it with toyota?  Celica, Corolla, Camry, Corona, Cressida, Crown, Carina, Conquest.high power and stability that car mean thatWell I told my husband, the Celica is a mythical Greek bird that rose from the ashes of Vesuvius.  He believed me.  Celicas really are the freshest cars on earth.It is a car made by Toyota.  They came out in the early seventies and have made many generations since then.  They are designed to be cheap fun sporty 2-door cars
You certainly don't need to remove the panels to tint the windows.  You may not need to for the speakers either, some of them just have a snap on trim piece, with screws under it that hold the speaker in place.whats the reason for this ? lil bit more info please.
I'd be more concerned with the carbon monoxide poisoning opportunity than heat. You can, and will die if it enters the car while occupied. So, what is more cost to you: muffler replacement or your life? Don't buy cokes, cigarettes or something this month, you'll save enough money to buy a muffler and save your life. Only you can make the determination of cost, I just laid it out to look at. Choose wisely.Go to the auto part store and buy a $20 muffler, exuast clamps and, a hack saw. Cheapest way to go. Dont kill yourself with the exuast fumes get it done asap!
go to www.mapquest.com.  Enter your starting address and your destination address and you will get exact directions, miles and estimated drive time.. . Have a safe trip!Mississauga is a city - not a suburb of Toronto.  You'll find it on a map - just west of Toronto. . . by auto: Mapquest or a similar website will provide driving directions. . by bus: Any major bus line will take you to Toronto or Mississauga.. . by train:  go to Union Station in Toronto. You can get a local train (GO Train) from there.. . by plane:  Pearson International Airport is in Mississauga, so you can fly right in from anywhere in the world. . . Hope that helps but I have to wonder why you want to go to a city when you have no idea where it is.From where?  It's a southwestern suburb of Toronto.I'd think you could walk, bike, bus, train, or take a car - depending on where you start fromUmmm... by bus.  Or train... Or Car.. . A more detialed question is needed here.
You can check your driving record through your local DMV or on the internet through your state's DMV website.  Some only charge a nominal fee like a few dollars, but its well worth the price.I don't think you can't get that off the Internet.  Try going to the court house and checking therewhy dont u go to ur local police station?
I wonder if it is becoming more of a universal problem.  It is inconsiderate behaviour and dangerous as well.  Maybe it is something that needs to be brought to the attention of politicians, local authorities and police so that they can better enforce it or take steps to re-educate the public on correct lane usage.when did we get lane(s)????? woohoo!!!!, hopefully those guys going the other way will stop honking and swerving now. :)Well, passing on the right is legal in almost all states.  The last time I was in Maine, about 20 years ago, it was still illegal there.. . If you think American drivers are undisciplined, take a trip to China, Korea or the Phillippines.  Having driven in all three places, I will NEVER complain about American drivers in general again!. . I do reserve the option of the universal "You're #1" hand-signal for individual drivers as needed, however!  (But that's illegal in Germany!)You think we're bad?It's a world wide problem. If you havn't seen it abroad I would suggest you go to either Cairo or Rome. They make you Americans look like Sunday old lady drivers. They are totally off their tits.because you americans are totally uncivilizedbecause most of them i think missed the education all togather like reading. i see them all the time in the left lane and a sign  telling that the left lane ends or they will only drive in the right lane if the sign tells that the right lane is going to end kind of like stop turn right on red but they forget to stopI totally agree. We've been in Germany for 3 years and when we come home and have to drive on the highways the biggest problem, after controlling how fast you drive, is dealing with the way people drive.  . What's funny is some highways have signs posted that the left lane is for passing only.In my town in TX you can drive in the left lane.  Folks here don't understand the Yield sign, will drive all the way across town at 40 in the right lane.  Run redlights , tailagate and talk on the phone.  Its gets worse in the Valley.If you're eating or talking on the cell phone, who has time to drive correctly?Im sorry, didnt know where else to contact you. so, dig into your question. i'l delete this, once i get some id, or something, wherr i culd chat with you. If that fine with you. Its kinda urgent.. Please.. Thanks.. Just reply, on that answre only ,( your Id),or, your put up a comment in this question itself. thanks.CO actually passed a law that if you are using the left lane you will get a ticket, unless you are passing, but your passing must be no higher than the posted speed limit or they will ticket you for speeding.
first you have to back the brake shoes off by hand. there is a black oblong plug in the backing plate, remove that plug and using a brake spoon back off the adjuster. If you don't have a brake spoon use a flat screwdriver. after backing off the brakes the drum should slide off. if not use a penetrating oil like wd40 or p.b. blaster spray the center of the hub and you still may have to pry it loose or use a hammer to smack the drum in the center between the wheel studs. don't hit the top or bottom of the drum too hard or you can break themsoak the center of the drum with wd-40 and let sit a few minutes.then take a hammer and smack the heck out of it.alternate sides until it starts moving.Back off on the brake shoe adjuster and parking brake adjustment. The drum has a ridge worn into it making it difficult to get off..   It may be binding on the hub. Spray penetrating oil around hub. Whack with a hammer while pullimg on drum..  Go to www.autozone.com for online repair infoNo need to pull hub. Just pull the drum. . . Can't pull the hub without pulling the drum anyway.. . The drums love to stick to the hub. Bang the ever loving daylights out of it with a hammer (with the tire off) till it pops loose from the hub. And I mean beat on it. It's fifteen years old, and probably a bit rusted.. . It'll probably hang up on the brake shoes once it is loose from the hub, if there is significant wear on the drum. There will be a 'lip' on the drum that catches the edge of the break shoe.. . With luck, you can a: get to the adjuster, and b: move the adjuster, and c: Do so in the right direction. the adjuster's don't like to move in the 'looser' direction. If it ratchets really easy, you are going the wrong way. . . If you can't get to the adjuster, then you'll have to pry the heck out of the drum.. . While you are busy swearing at it, just be glad you aren't playing with a one ton dual wheel truck. 4 times as much work, and the drum weighs ten times as much. . . Might help to have someone who has taken apart rear brakes to supervise. Getting all the spring back in the right place and order, and adjusting the brakes properly is a bit confusing if you have never done it before.try a eight inch peice of steel, with a hole in the middle thats threaded,with a bolt, its actually called a gear puller. itll break loose any hub!get a free break inspection from midas. go straight home and it will be easy to remove the drum since it was just off.
Hey... well i guess its got to do with the Merc image and the 3 spoke symbol it carries on its hood. I've been pondering bout this for a while too and found that people are ignorant of the other lovely brands (BMW, Audi etc) that are available in the market.. . The fact that Merc has service centres available across regions probably helps in the buying decision. But i'm sure people's perception will change slowly as its happening in India now... as guys are moving over to BMW which i feel is a far more superior and fun car to drive.Have you ever driven a Mercedes? That is one car well worth the $$. Maybe the people that buy them don't plan on trading them in, or are financially above our train of thought when it comes to buying cars. if I had $100,000 and it had to be spent on a Car, I'd buy a Mercedes, and through the rest in the bank. The car is incredible. Classy and elegant, but still a eye catcher for all ages. Nobody wants to race you, they just look at the car and admire.Because they're safe, good engineering, more reliable than BMW and better used price than BMW.. My neighbor in Indonesia owns a Mercedes from 1951 originally owned by his father and his father bequeathed all his wealth including the precious car.. It's still fresh and good to look at.. If you aim to keep a car until you die, you can do it like what my neighbor did, it's a W188 S-Class (Type-300).Could be any number of reasons except for re-sell value.  Possible reasons: 1)Safety 2)German engineered automobiles 3)Prestige or status-symbol 4)They've had or have been told about good experiences with the car.
If it's smashed off, the wiring is a b*tch... better off taking it to a pro.Is this a statesman caprice? if so take off the inner cover, remove three screws disconect wiring.. replace;. plug in wiring mount the mirror with the three screws and clip the inner cover back on
My brother-in-law,the cop, says- you can only change lanes if it is safe to do so. If you cannot, you have to wait untill it is.Isn't it annoying?!?!?!?As several people already mentioned:  YES, it is best to speed-up on the ramp and merge into the freeway lane.  However, sometimes there are so many cars in the nearest lane who either won't or can't move over to let you in, that you have no choice but to slow down or even stop.You know, I've wondered that very same thing myself. The problem is particularly acute here on Oahu.. If anyone out there does this, please explain why. . My answer is that it is a profound cranial-rectal inversion ... otherwise known as head up @ss.I have the real answer. It's the people who are already in the lanes and coming to a car that is trying to merge! when i see a car coming out beside me and trying to get on, i either back off a bit to let them out (if it's gonna be too close), or speed up to get ahead (letting them merge behind me). It's the ones who do NOTHING , having no regard for anyone else but themselves and not even paying attention to what's going on around them to even consider the fact that someone is trying to merge. These are usually the same people who think using their turn signals is a personal choice rather than a neccessity, and the law.It's ALMOST always best to slow down whenever confronting a situation where you're not in control and you know there is the possibility of danger.  But this is one of those cases where it's often better just to speed up.  However, if people don't let you in, or they're not paying attention, they'll hit you, and then blame you for not looking where you're going.  So it's a dangerous situation regardless of what you do.  Just be aware of this from both sides of the fence, and do your best to make room for the retards.  You'll be glad you did.people slow down because they are afraid to merge. it is a strange phenomenon O.oKentata is right, it's head-up_buttitis. If the highway designers would put a STOP sign at the end of the ramp it would flow better.People slow down so that they can get into another lane without getting hit by a car coming at them before they are stuck in that lane and have to exit again. The long ramp is not to speed up..it is to hold cars who are waiting to get onto the highway.Because people have no common sense when it comes to driving in traffic and they cause a lot of accident doing exactly that which you just mentioned. It is ten times easier to slow down then to speed up merging with trafficOn many onramps it is law to yeild to highway traffic.
the white color reflects the heat so the bus stays cooler in the Summer, houses, and especially mobile homes also have white roofs.SO air traffic can see them better.Might it just be a matter of trying to keep them cool.They are not white hereTops of school buses and panel trucks are white because white reflects heat more than a dark color does.  So the interior temperature will stay at a lower level.. . In addition ambient light passes through the tops of some of these vehicles to provide light on the inside.They keep running out of yellowEasier to spot from the air if they get highjacked, wrecked, stolen, etc.
i know this is going to sound stupid but try using butter knives... like i said the first time i heard it , I was like, no way...but it worked you just have to be gentleTake it in to a stereo shop and have them do ittry clothes hanger and a little luck. But like it was said before car audio places will do it and alot faster. Or Get the right tool for the right job.two small flathead screw drivers that are long. slide both in at the same time and pull on the unit with both screwdrivers still in. it pulls the pins out about 4" in on both sides you have to separate to get the unit out.Go by a shop that sells Kenwood products and ask the installer (not the salesperson) and they will typically pop it out for you free of charge.
On average, a U.S. pilot will earn between $6 thousand and $9 Thousand per month as a command pilot.It all depends whether or not you mean flying for the airlines or with your commercial ticket. With that in mind, think 1200/month on up to the big boys and big paychecks!A lot depends on the seniority level of a commercial pilot and what type of aircraft they fly.  Different airlines pay pilots differently also.  A commercial pilot flying a Boeing 747 can probably still make close to $200,000 a year or $16,666 per month.  Some pilots who fly small regional aircraft that seat 50 passengers can be making maybe $78,000 a year or about $6,500.00 per month.where do you want to fly? if you fly small comercial planes on contract you will start on $1700 a month as copilot but if you move over to the airlines you will be looking at about $5500 a month as a copilot. as a captain on a kingair 200, 1900 and cessna caravan in africa on contract you will get from 4500 to 6500 per month.IN INDY THEY MAKE AROUND 80.000 A YEAR OR APPROX.6600.00 A MONTH OR 1660.00 A WEEKin indian currency a pilot gets 2.5 lakhs in a average domestic airlines and i really don have an idea abt international airlines. . . wanna know more arun_iyer191183@yahoo.co.in
LOL what he said is wrong that doesn't work. You have to get the code from kenwood and allot of the time they will not give it to you. Go to standby hold the menu button go to code and put like 0000 in or 1234 or some shit like that most people do it really simple so they don't forget it.Reset the stereo, take out the faceplate and it should have a little dot, push that in.Try taking it to a kenwood dealer with proof of purchase and they should help you.
yes anymore than two in a safe container you are putting your life and your Nabors life's at risk how for from the water heater is the fuel, and if the fire department finds out has-mat will be there red tagging your house its not you its in the event of a emergency and  fire they cant put it out it will just take over and no stopping till its to late that's the safety end of it many people do this and well the grave yard is full of people that over did it, one spark, and it all done , look what a gas station goes Thur to store fuel must be 50 feet under ground in fiberglass reinforce tanks non sparking  pump and switches and they  are check every month, for safety this is why gas stations new ones are not next to houses at least 500 yards they can go boom, good question tho, same with propane still safer when stored but still needs to be in a safe inviormentYou should not store any petrol in your garage because of the risk of explosion, but I believe the legal amount is two gallon.. . That is, if you live in England.. . to find out ring your local council.
Becuase it is burning oil, rather than gasoline. Oil burns black, gasoline burns grey or off white.Variety of reasons . . 1. It is burning oil because of an internal leak. 2. It is using adulterated fuel. 3. It is using low quality high sulphur fuel. 4. It is a very badly maintained engine. 5. It is because the car engine is not warm enough to burn fuel completely.When a car is used for a long time and it lacks servicing,more carbon mono oxide fumes are emit ed.When they are emit ed it seems that the car is emitting out a lot of smoke which causes a lot of pollution.your burning oil out of the piston rings
First off, do a feasability study and find out if your area will support the track you want to build.. Then check with your local goverment and make sure the property can be zoned for this.... If you get past that hurdle, you will need all the proper permits to build your track.. You also need bank financing for the construction, unless you have alot of money.. These are huge obstacles to overcome, but assuming you get through this stage, obviously you would need a big liability policy.. . Don't get your hopes up...Well first I would get about a million dollars with of insurance...Contact an owner of a racetraack and ask questions.. First, insurance rates are ridiculous I've heard, and you have to have insurance. A local track near my house was built by a farmer on his land.. . Race tracks are being sold all over the USA to developers of housing.. . Don't stop-you are one of a dying type of person. If you have the determination, go for it ! Good luck.Have you heard of southtexasracing.com, go there and theyll tell you. Have you been to the edingburg race track?
There is a nut on the backside of the turnsignal, behind where it mounts, with 2 wires coming out of it you need to trace the wires up to where they plug in and unplug them.then remove the nut and off comes the turn signal.If there isn`t a nut on the back side there will be an 8 mm headed bolt and you take it out.Then turn the turn signal 45 degrees and it will come out, unplug the wires first though of course. Reverse this to reassemble.When asking technical questions, give year, make, engine size and model #.. Since I don't know which model you have, here's a picture.. http://www.bikebandit.com/partsbandit/OEM-Parts.asp
the service engine light is probably on due to a defective oxygen sensor or a defective EGR valve. take it to an Auto Zone or an Advanced auto parts and they will plug in a code scanner and tell you why the light is on. They usually don't charge for this either. unlike a dealerSounds like you need a tune up.It might be a very simple problem or it could be a complex problem.  You need to take it in and have the code read.  Good luck!Well, something is wrong with your engine.  . Take it to your nearest autozone where they will hook it up to a scanner for free and it will tell you what sensor is acting up.Your vehicle may need a tune up.Check oil or it might just be a short in the bulb.could be a number of things if it comes on and stays on,some parts stores like autozone can pull the trouble codes for free,, good luckwhen the service light come on u either need an oil change or a tune up.......the light is refered to as a dummy light meaning to go get ur car serviced...............just in case chck the bulb to make sur ur tel light or single lights are working......................check the fuel capfuel injector maybe or try getting  a tune-up.i once had a chevy chevette that did that// it is the little computer in the engine telling you that something is wrong// it may be serious and may not// you should take it to the dealer and ask them// most often they do not charge you for telling you if something is wrong// my problem turned out to be something with the carburator// and only cost me 10 bucks for a part // the labor for this specific trouble i had was free at the time// but this was quite a few years ago tooyepp i am a female and gonna answer to the best lol ahh have u changed your oil lately? In newer cars ect now the light comes on for an oil change toosome cars are set with a sensor that sets the service light on when you need a tune up. other things are possible you could bring it to a auto zone and see if they will hook it to a computer for you and find the code, also some cars are equipped with a way to check what codes are being sent.
WD-40Carb cleaner will remove roofing tar.. I am a Remodeling Contractor and have used it on vehicles. depending on the depth or thickness of the tar, you may need to let it set and apply several times but it will come off.Try using a hair dryer, or hot air gun and a scraper followed by a wipe with white spirit.Auto parts stores usually carry a product designed to remove road tar and dead bugs...that'll probably work.Try Brasso it worked on my car, i know it sounds weird but it does the trick. Trust me.anything petroleum based..........
If it started eventually, then the battery is not dead.  If you heard nothing, then it's definitely an electrical problem.  It may be a loose connection in the ignition.. Time to take it to the shop.  It should be a quick fix.Maybe you might have a flat battery.It could be a fuel pump. They sometimes go with no warning. Or sometimes it is hard to start.It could be a dead battery or a bad starter.  Get a battery charger and try again.  If it still won't start, call a mechanic.sounds like a short in the ignition somewhere like batter cables or in wires. maybe worth getting checked would hate to be in bad part of town when it goes out next time for good.WHAT KIND OF CAR IS IT?. . IF IT IS A GM VEHICLE (CHEVY,BUICK,OLDS,PONTIAC,CADILLAC) WITH TILT STEERING IT IS PROBABLY A STEERING COLUMN RACK.  THIS IS DIFFERENT THAN A RACK AND PINION.  THE RACK THAT WOULD CAUSE THIS PROBLEM IS A POT METAL PIECE ON THE LEFT SIDE OF THE STEERING COLUMN.  IT CONNECTS THE IGNITION LOCK CYLINDER (PART WHERE YOU PUT THE KEY) TO THE ROD THAT PULLS THE IGNITION SWITCH AT THE BASE OF THE STEERING COLUMN.  THIS RACK IS KNOW FOR BREAKING.  DEPENDING ON THE VEHICLE IT SHOULD TAKE 2 TO 4 HOURS TO INSTALL AND WILL REQUIRE SPECIAL TOOLS.. . IF IT IS A FORD VEHICLE YOU ARE PROBABLY LOOKING AT A CORRODED CONTACT IN THE IGNITION SWITCH OR A LOOSE BOLT ON THE SWITCH ITSELF. CHECK THE BOLTS THAT MOUNT THE SWITCH, IF THEY ARE TIGHT REPLACE THE SWITCH.If no lights come on or are very dim, that means that the battery is dead. Otherwise, your transmission is gone. SorryStarter relay or solenoid may be bad. Check you connections at the battery.Check your battery cables, they may be loose.sounds like either a flat bettery or a worn ignition switch
it's designated "Interstate" because it meets all AASHTO requirements for a major artery ...those being, 12 foot wide lanes, 10 foot shoulders, Interstate standard grading and curves, AASHTO-standard overpass clearances, it's got that designation due to its being built to thos standards. I-96 in Michigan is the same way, and I-4 in FloridaI'm not familiar with your state, but here in CA a spur off an interstate that goes through or around a city can be identified as an interstate, it branches off a major interstate and then rejoins it down the road.
First, you have to keep the flies out of your car, then the spiders wouldn't bother comming.Keep the windows shut. They hate the heat!Ick! I hate spiders. I just...*skin crawls*...ok. To keep them out of my car I make sure my door isn't open for very long periods of time. I knock them off my side mirrors when they build webs there. I do a quick check of myself to make sure there aren't any on me. If infestation is a problem in your car, you may have a few egg sacks stashed somewhere *skin crawls some more*. At that point I would grab a can of Raid and start spider hunting in my backseat. for real.ICK! I have SEVERE arachniphobia, and there are these things called "monkeyballs", we use them in our basement and it really works. They are also known as hedgeapples. I think there is a website called, hedgeapples.com.Spray some RaidYou cant keep them out, you can only remove the oppuntity for them to get in. Clen the car inside and out often, looking for signs where they hide(webs). Try to keep the windows and doors shut and if possible keep the car inside (a garage) This will keep the possiblity of spiders trying to make a home in your car.. . If you have spray the car, make sure that you remember to spray down the air vents, and spray again about a week later to get any that you miss.Spray with insect killers on hidden areas where they usually hide... of course after you do so, leave the car for at least six hrs. That's what I did to my van and it worked.i read this in a magazine once....pieces of soap will keep spiders away. it can be any kind of soap.  they apparently do not care for the scent.  couldn't hurt 2 try.A VENUS FLY-TRAPP! LOL! OR MOTH BALLS
on the back side of the fuse panel door it should have a pic of all the fuses and what they control and what amp it is   the main reson why it would just keep blowing is a short  the wire that power flowing in it might have a nick in it and is touching ground  maybe one of your light bulbs in the dash needs to be replaced it might have a short in the bulb itself  try moving around the wires going up to dash. if all else fails and you really are stumpped and want to spend alot of $$$ to fix it put in a paperclip where the fuse goes  that should get it hot and melt your wires lolu got something shorting out wish this would helpdon't put a bigger fuse..and definitely not a paper clip as the escort will flame up real nicely before the wire melts open.. . If it says seat belts, it may be for the motor going to the retractable seat belts..cheap diagnosis is to disconnect the wiring going to the retractor motor and just manually lock in and out for the time being and see if the fuse blows... that would be my first guessYou have a wire shorted to ground . Check the seat belt wires under the seat.I agree with the others; it sounds like you have a short circuit, which causes the fuse to blow.. . For safety's sake, do *not* use a fuse larger than the factory rating.  The factory specified a 15 amp fuse for a reason.  You run a high risk of a fire by using a larger fuse.  You need to have the problem diagnosed and properly fixed.Something is shorting out and this is why the fuse blows. First make sure it is the correct amperage fuse in the first place, sometimes people mix them up.If it is correct you will have to find out which component is shorting out.Your best bet is to have a competent mechanic look at it or if you know about cars get a repair manual and you should be able to fix it.Well, fuses below because you are drawing too much current through them. Usually a short or bad component drawing too much power.. . Does it blow everytime? Can you turn lights on dim and then increase the intensity until the fuse blows?  Can you disable any of the lights to trace which one may be causing the problem? Is a 15amp fuse the correct size for the circuit?um. Let's see. cause its over 10 YEARS OLD. isn't that a decade? Trade it in.ford is no good...buy japanese
Ah Yes , ISO 9001 is the beginning of the end of time. In Revalations(the Bible) it talks about the mark of the beast. If you don't have the mark of the Beast you will not do business and no one will do business with you. ISO 9001 Without the ISO cert. you cannot be accepted in the globalization of automotive certfication of standards therefore you do not qualify to do business with the rest of the automotive standards of the world P.S. other businesses have a similar Q.S, I.S.O 9001/14001 standardnone, these idiots are just trying to line their pocketsDONT BOTHER  WE HAVE ENOUGH OF THEN OVER HERE UNDER CUTTING OR FIRMS SO PISS OFF COS U WONT HAVE AN MOT INSURANCE AND U DONT PAY TAXES U MORONTransportation firms should get certified because they could lose their competitive edge over certified firms in the UE. It seems necessary to become ISO 9001 certified if a firm does not want to restrict its potential clientele base.Yahoo = EU?. . go to www.iso.org
not safe to drive. You will get water in your oil and oil in your radiator too.. Better get it fixed.Engine will overheat, crack cylinder head or block. Not unsafe but could leave you stranded somwhereWhat Cindy said.  . The head gasket is critical, as air, coolant and oil could all be mixing with eachother.. . Oil dilluted with Coolant will not lubricate well, and may cause undue wear and the car to overheat.. . Coolant sludged up with oil won't cool as well and may clog passage ways.. . A leaking head gasket can also allow combustion gasses to blow by the gasket into coolant passages causing the vehicle to overheat.  Or allow oil and coolant into the combustion chamber that may cause the motor to run poorly, and gum up spark plugs.  Your car may burn enough oil or coolant this way to run you dangerously low.. . + other less important issues.. . . glWhen the head gasket fails you will start to get engine coolant into the pistons and combustion chambers of the valve train.Your vehicle will leave you stranded somewhere,get it repaired as soon as possible.And don't forget that coolant will contaminate the oil and damage your engine.Don't drive it because it could cause more engine damage.water and oil start to mix and thats not good lots of white smoke when ever you stop and are in idle replace immediatley! or more prolems such as a warped head .... not safe for you or the car to br drivrn
Several companies make and sell plans and kits for building your own fiberglass or epoxy coated wooden canoes.  Here's a couple of web sites for you to check out...Have a look at http://www.fao.org/DOCREP/003/T0530E/T0530E00.HTM. You will have all your answers and more ..... and more.. Don't get scared , it's actually a very simple job and I have rarely seen even the bungling first attempt by casual ametures going unusably bad.. The only answer that you won't have is the actual shape of the hull. If you already have one, go ahead. If you don't , write to me and I will try and get you a hull form after I know your exact requirement. I am a naval architect.. All the best. Go for it.. bijit@vsnl.com
This goes back to a whole series of religion based "Blue Laws" that were popular across the Midwestern states, and made many activities illegal on the Sabbath (Sunday.)  50 years ago you couldn't buy alcoholic beverages on Sundays in many communities, and most commercial businesses were closed on that day as employees were expected to spend the day with their families in church related activities.. . While most companies today see Sunday as just another business day, apparently there is not enough demand from the public to get the local politicians to change the law on automobile sales.. . Check this Wikipedia page for more information on "Blue Laws"same way  in Indiana.coz i don`t leave there.
Is it a standard or automatic....If standard..make sure ignition is turned on....placed in 2nd gear...hold the clutch down while someone pushes you...get coasting a bit the pop the clutch and it sould start for you.. If its automatic...get a boost.Switch on the ignition keys, open the lid of the Air Filter put a capful of petrol in the Carburattor through it. Close the lid get in to the car and put the car in the 3rd Gear press the cluth & have it pushed.When the momentum of the car picks up, release the cluthch and press the exelator. This way the car will start in may be three attempts.you need somebody else to do it unless you live on a hill,turn ignition on but dont turn starter select low gear try second put in clutch and get up speed in car release clutsh and she should go ,if not try again or get a jump from a friend ,good luck.If this car has fuel injection (a computer), it may not start at all.  Older cars would run a long time on a near dead battery because they only had points or elec. ignition.  These days cars have several computers that will fail if not supplied with the proper voltage.Put it in second gear. Once you are moving at a steady pace lift clutch and press on accelerator. You may have to try a few times before it kicks in. If you run out of road, put it in reverse and try again going backwards. Good luck.
it ok.Dime a dozen. You can usually pick up a recently crashed one for cheap because newbie riders get in over their head and buy one as their first bike.
go by walk... . or else use. . APSRTC, MMTS OR AUTO SERVICE..car pool, i dont know, good luck with your searchTraffic Problem in hyderabad is primarily because of Lack of good Public Transport. MMTS/Metro Rail will reduce traffic.. . More importantly the traffic is because the emerging hotspots of activity like Hitec City lacks good & affordable housing. So people are forced to stay in faraway places and commute.. . So developing satellite townships and interlinking them with growth centers is the key to reduced traffic in Hyderabad.
Because gas prices wil continue to rise.......... . I vote for biodiesel instead of electric.Electric vehicles would be great IF---.  They had the power we are used to in our gas cars.  The hydro it took to recharge the was cheap.  They could be recharged as fast as we can fill the tank with gas.  The batteries weren't so big and heavy.  There wasn't any pollution produced from the hydro plant that supplied the electricity to recharge them..  They could travel as far as we can on a tank of gas before recharging..  Other then that,yes.They don't use as much gas. When your not moving (sitting still like at stop lights or warming up your car) the electric motor kicks in and saves you money.
Do you mean how do you parallel park?  Perpendicular parking is rows of cars parked next to each other i.e. a parking lot.  Parallel parking is parking along the side of a street, near the curb, in one long line.OK this is how.....the best way is to back into the space. Just make sure no one is behind u and edge the back end of the car slowly into the spot and turn the wheel to the right and do that sharply and when u got the back end of the car in the space then start straightening the front end into the space as u are backing up.i hope you drive better on the road than you park. its not that hard to pull into a space . get some one to teach you its really not that hard . be careful and good luckif you mean parallel park the proper way is to back in... pull up next to the car or spot in front then bag and turn as neededHave you thought to take a driving course? I'm sure they could teach you the ABC's to driving. Also, you could get "Driving for Dummies" Good luck..Try to move a bit more, and you'll fit the next lane. Make sure that the next lane is vacant :pas per the attached webpage, assuming you really mean "parallel parking"Best thing to do is to pull into the parking space, and continue into the next space opposite to the one you pulled into.  Now the front of your car will be facing out, and you can make corrections to your position while pulling into the front parking spot. Also, you will not need to back out of the space.  This is where most of the parking lot accidents occur.  One company that I worked for in the past required us to park this way..                  -----------------------]------------.                        <-Front car Back ]  .                  -----------------------]------------
Isn't it funny how people refer to some cars as American? Just because a car is sold in America does not make it American.They don't.  I have four ranging in age from 1951 to 2001.  They're all great cars!  Wouldn't have a rice-rocket if you gave it to me.  Or a kum-che cruiser either.I don't know of anybody paying 100Gs or more for a 30 - 40 year old rice-rocket!because American hand labor its just to expensive,so American  manufactures save in other fields like parts and materials to be competitive in comparison with Japanese and Koreans manufacturer's who pays a lot less in hand labor in their countriesGASAmerican cars are intended to last only about 3 years. They could make a car that lasts 10 years, but that would not be profitable. Its a perfect example of the business man F#### the Consumer. The Funny thing is that American Buyers are loyal to Ford, Chevy and Chrysler, funny ait it?AC propulsion tZero does not suck -it has no air intake.. . out performs a ferarii too.. but the fossil media in the UK are not going to let you know about such thingsYou suck!!!Becoz American only know how to ####do they? i am very happy with my american car and every american car i have ever ownedWHAT DID YOU DO TO IT?Any car can go a realy long way if you do the maitenence and take car of it.  Trouble is a lot of people wont take it in to the shop until it just flat wont go anymore. I drive a 92 Grand Am with 165000 miles on it,  the paint is getting a little bad but it runs like a champ.
Here's another couple of websites, the first deals with ethanol for fuel and the second is about making your own still.. . Good Luck!http://running_on_alcohol.tripod.com/index.html. This is a good web site check it out
is there an internal battery? . i think there may be some pins that you have to electrically short to reset the diagnosticsUnless you have a computer with the proper software, you can't.Every car from 1994 has a OBDll system,not a regular diagnostic system,so, wathever you try to do. It will not going to reset your computer system,Only Japanese cars can be reset removing EFI fuse,old GMC cars reset disconecting the batery.....You need a scaner tool to reset the system on your INTERNATIONAL.Good luckOn most vehicles, there is a fuse labeled EFI in the main fuse/relay box under the hood. The diagram inside the cover of the box will show you which one it is. There may be an EFI relay in the box also, so be sure you've found the fuse. Pull the fuse for a minute and then push it back into place. Then start the engine and the Check Engine light on the dash should go off, indicating the computer trouble circuit is reset.disconnect the neg of the battery for a few minutesAny International truck dealer should be able to delete historic codes. They will charge you shop time (not more than 1 hr). It actually will only take about 15 minutes.. Remember that Truck shops pay good money for their diagnostics and paying $75 is a bargain.
Historically, sunroofs have been opaque and open to the air to allow the sun to shine directly into the vehicle, while moonroofs have generally been transparent or semi-transparent and designed to remain closed while allowing muted light to penetrate the vehicle.. Variations have become the norm and often combine the features of the Sun and Moon types into a single device. It is not uncommon to see tinted glass that can retract fully like a traditional sun roof, remain closed like a traditional moon roof, or tilt to allow for airflow.It's one of 2 things.  I think a sun roof opens and A moon roof does not.  Or either one of them is tinted and the other one isn'tif you open it during the day it's a sun roof, if you open it at night it's a moon roof, lol...jk I don't know always wondered that myself!moon roofs and sun roofs are the U BIG DUMBO  IN the night there moon roofs and in the day there sun roof.a sun roof is pop up usually and a moon roof is electricMoon roofs are bigger, usually more square than sunroofs.THEY ARE THE SAME. they just changed the name to throw all you dummies off. . they succeeded.Daytime sun roof, night time moon roof. :). Sun roof slide from front to back, either manually or electrically. Moon roof taken off manually one side "passenger" and the other side "driver"
Call Summit Racing Equipment at 1-800-230-3030 and get yourself a catalog mailed directly to you. Strongly suggest you start reading before you spend any money!!!!  AUTO TECH MAN!!One piece at a time.  It is not cheap that way.You could go to a savage yard and maybe you could find one with a blow up motor or something you would have a start but you will not be able to do everything unless ur an expertWell the cheapest way is that you can just take one from some body that's pretty cheap right. lol.. Or you could just go to your local doge dealer ship and say I need you to order all the parts needed to build a doge Durango.. Or you could be a little bit more specific do you want to up grad it or make it look better?
In general, you should always drive your contour on the highway in overdrive.  It will increase your fuel efficiency when on the highway by keeping your rpm's lower.. . It will NOT give you any extra perceptable speed or power performance.  Just engage the OD on your shifter each time you get in the car.Not real sure. Many Fords have a Button on the end of the Shift Lever. Light in the Instrument Cluster comes on if OD on.the light for the over drive should be off, when the light is on, the overdrive is off.  regular driving the light should be off, their really should be any reason for turn off the over drive unless you had alot of weight or maybe towing something heavy
to remove air and moisture from the tank. They only need purged if they are new and have never been filled or if one of the fittings have been removed from the top of the tank{exposing it to the environment}. also when purging a tank use only propane vapor and NOT liquid.Because they have air in them.  You need to replace the air with propane, otherwise when your are grilling your steak the grill might go out.  This also helps to remove any moisture from the tank.
The correct answer is Pour-sha - regardless of if you speak english or German. It's a German name, thus it should be spoken as it is intended.PoorshaPoorsh is the English pronunciation.. . Poor-sha is the German pronunciation.. . It's like the pronunciation of Jaguar.....poorsha
You need specialty equipment... If your driveshaft is damaged, bring it to a drivetrain shop. Even other repair shops sublet driveshaft repairs to a drivetrain shop.whats the problem with it? if it just has broken u-joint, replace themSome will tell you to just replace a U-joint.  Chances are, it should also be straightened & balanced.  A driveshaft shop can rebuild it for you and you will certainly be happy with the results from a reputable shop.
These are called winglets. They improve the efficiency of aircraft by lowering the lift-induced drag caused by wingtip vortices. Winglets work by increasing the effective aspect ratio of a wing without adding greatly to the structural stress and hence necessary weight of its structure. Most modern jets have winglets.Don't believe the rest of these guys... All that aerodynamic stuff is just a bunch of fluff they try to tell people that don't know any better.. . The real reason is they had to bend the wing tips up so they could make them fit through the hangar doors!Stop joking around Jetdoc, she MAY believe you.JetDoc is partially right. The reason for the bent wingtips is so they can fit more passenger planes on aircraft carriers. It's a trick they learned from WWII. It's obvious that if you can take a ship closer to Europe or Asia, it wouldn't cost as much for a plane ticket.The fit for hangers is called folding wings, and option offered by Boeing, EVEN THOUGH NO AIRLINE HAS TAKEN THAT OPTION. . the bent wingtips are called winglets. most new passenger/cargo planes have them. likee everyone else said, it boosts efficiency and aerodynamics. . another thing for improving aerodynamics is raked wingtips. These are not winglets, and are not bent. They are found on Boeing 777-200LR and Boeing 777-300ER aircrafts, as well as the Boeing 767-400ER. The raked wingtips help improve climb efficiency. to find out more, you can go to http://www.boeing.com/. Aircraft such as the Boeing 787( not out yet) use both winglets and raked wingtips. These help improve efficiency as well.... winglets are generally used on shorter distance planes, except for example the Boeing 747.. Airbus planes also use winglets. some airbus planes with winglets include the A330 series and the A340 series.. airbus planes also use fenced wingtips. these serve a similar purpose like winglets. but, they go up on both the top and bottom. you can see a picture here: http://www.airliners.net/open.file/1047954/M/  . I hope this information helps!. :)These are called winglets. n as far as i know it has no effect its just a design. All Airbus aircrafts have it n in few Boeings like (B747-400 and B737)Almost every new passenger plane has wing tips.  They increase fuel economy by giving extra lift. They stop the air flowing off the end of the wing.(more air over the wing means more lift) They work like the shroud on your radiator fan by channeling the airflow for maximum result.The largest Boeing plane (the 747-400) has them too.. It makes for more efficient air flow, and reduces fuel usage by 3%
I'm not sure of the exact process, but it is determined by the turning speed of the wheel as compared to the size of the tires.  If you have a different sized tire put on, you need to have your speedometer adjusted to compensate for the difference.it counts the revolutions per minute of the motor and calculates it off that. I can be more specific if needed. Trying not to be to technical thoughthe speedometer hollars back to the rear tires and asks HOW FAST WE GOING?? and then reads it on the display! .By counting the reveloutions of either a mark or permament magnet that is typically connected to the transmission. There are several componets to this system but I am only explaining the basic operation here. This is why your speedometer and odometer will register incorrect information if the diameter of your tires change. Putting larger diameter tires on your car/truck will result in the speedometer displaying a slower speed that your actually traveling. Likewise, the odometer registers fewer miles traveled.There are many issues . A- Depense on the tear older models it reads the gears. in the differantial. B- Newer ones most of the time from the tranny same aspect.. . Yet here I beleive is the main issue, the readers are always magnetic sensor, so if a gear has some slite difference it will most likeley differe a bit from one to another.. . Sincerely Jens
My suggestion is to get a new bumper. Or if you have a local salvage yard they are reasonably priced.What type of bumper is it? That makes all the difference in determining the best method of repair, or if replacement is a better option!
The Indian Railway has the most complicated railway network among all countries in the world.. . Local train service in the city of calcutta and mumbai are the best way to see how the Indian railway is like?. . Everyday millions of people travel through these trains.Each tain is designed to carry 1024 people but in rush hours they carry more than 5000 people.Although the trains run continously at a gap of about 3 minutes.10 million passenger travel per day in trains . It is busy like roads for increasing speeds tracks will have to be changed .'Max P' is absolutely right. It is the most complicated railways in the world. we people blame indian railways for its lack in safety. but in few foreign channels, they say maintaining such a level of safety in such complicated and busy system is something great.
How badly pitted? if only whiteish residue than an alloy polish like mothers will be fine other wise you need to use compuonds like rouge up to finer grit and spiral sewn polishin wheels messy as hell but worth itAlso try vinegarTry a "Mothers" Polishing ball it attaches to the end of a power drill and you can get it at ACE Hardwareuse kithen foil screwed up in a ball with plenty of water
Try spraying Clorox on it. will not hurt window. I use in on the whole top lol mine is white and it works great.. I also use it on the sides of my house where algae show up on siding.Do a web search for a product called Novell Scratch remover. It works wonders.
so she put a quarter in the jukebox... .  o.k. I couldn't resist.....  if you can't see it I would have to say you would need to remove the cd player and open it up to try to access it... maybe you can or cannot get to it depending upon the design. basically consider the cd player shot right now anyway considering the same cd over and over again forever will drive you insane. if you are careful in taking it apart you should be able to put it back together... if you can see the quarter from the front though I would gently try to remove it with a tweezer...DONT STICK A WIRE HANGER IN THE CD PLAYER. you must take it out and pop off the top.its stuck in one of the drawer arms you may have to take the CD player out. Circuit city or Best Buy might be able to help. or a car stereo specialist or installerMy son put a dime in mine and it shorted out. So I took it to the repair shop to see if it was fixable. While it was there, the place got robbed and so I got a brand new CD player! I swear, this is a true story! LOL If you know any handy men, ask them to tear it apart (only if they are sure they can get it back together right!) and get it out for you. Otherwise, find a repair shop. Aren't kids fun? LOL Good luck!Tell her to put another quarter in and you can listen to 50-cent. :P. . Seriously, it depends on how far the quarter is in, and the type of CD player. You could take it to the shop and they would likely have the proper tools. If you want to take a crack at it yourself, use something like a wire coat hanger. Untwist it, and rebend the hook so it's almost L shaped (like a 70 degree angle). Use that to fish it out, but be careful not to scratch the lens for the laser.
It means that there is no power going to the port that you have your scanner hooked up to. Look through your fuse box for a blown fuse - sometimes it is the same fuse as that of the cigarette lighter. Until you restore power to the port, you can't retrieve the codes.Error Power -- check your device and make sure it's getting power.  Test it on another vehicle.
What kind of 4 liter.  A ford then it should take 5 quarts.Start with three, check the dipstick.  Add until you reach the full mark.  Now you know.Ditto to oklatom's above.. . Oil pan size determines how much oil; not engine displacement.Same as the others, exept after adding the oil start your engine for a few seconds to let the filter fill up and then check the level
Purchase a quality repair manual or check one out at your nearest library. Usually located in the dashboard. Usually on top of the steering column.This vehicle has a TFI ignition system (Thick Film Ignition). The TFI distributor has a hall effect sensor that acts like a crank and cylinder identification sensor. The hall effect sensor sends a PIP signal to the ECA ( electronic control assembly) The ECA uses the PIP signal to produce a Spark Output Signal which is sent to the ignition module to trigger discharge of the coil secondary voltage. So the circuit starts at the distributor and goes to the ECA and eventually back to the ignition module.
An altimeter is an active instrument used to measure the altitude of an object above a fixed level. The traditional altimeter found in most aircraft works by measuring the air pressure from a static port in the airplane. Air pressure decreases with an increase of altitude — about one millibar (0.03 inches of mercury) per 27 feet (8.23 m) close to sea level. The altimeter is calibrated to show the pressure directly as altitudes, in accordance with a mathematical model defined by the International Standard Atmosphere (ISA).Tells you how high you are relitive to Standard Sea Levelto gauge altitudeOne thing they forgot to tell you is that because the altimeter uses local atmospheric pressure, then depending on what kind of day you have (humid, windy, sunny and clear, stormy) can affect the reading of the altimeter.  Unless the aircraft is equiped with a radar based altimeter then the plane cannot tell you what your height is relative to the ground.  Only your height based on the difference between the pressure that sea level would have on a standard clear day at 60 f and the imediate pressure around your aircraft.    Most altimeters can be adjusted before take off to take into account this fact.TO SHOW ALTITUDE ABOVE SEA LEVELBasically, an altimeter will tell you how far above you something is. Or how far above something you are. Generally, the ones that tell you how high you are work by measuring the air pressure up there, and comparing it to what the air pressure would be if you were on the ground. There are more complicated models that can use radar type technology to tell you altitude of various things. The link I'm about to paste in the source has a lot of the technical information if you're interested in HOW they work.to tell you what altitude you are at, or how far above the ground you areLike the previous responders said: an altimeter is used to display a measured altitude.  There are several type of altimeters, but the most common use atmospheric pressure to register an altitude reading.  The altimeter is usually set to 29.92 (if i remember right) for standardization.  Other forms use radar or laser.
The filler spout was behind the Right side tail light. You got to it by a round button at the top of the light BaselYou put the gas in the gas tank, and you got into it by opening the door.u put the gas in the back of the licence plate.it goes downis it behind the rear number plate?Probably went in behind the license tag in the rear.  I don't know if that particular model did it that  way, but I've seen many that were like that.Bart is correct enjoyI worked at my Dad's gas station and I seem to remember pulling up the license plate in the back of the car and putting it in there.
Traditionally, a boulevard has a divider in the center such as a row of trees or a strip of grass.. An avenue is a broad street lined (the outside, that is) with trees.. . Hope this helps. JonNot really a difference, just a different way of calling roads.Depends on the city or community that named it. Otherwise look it up in a dictionary. Yahoo has one under the  education link.4 lettersnone...blvd tends to be bigger lanes and more lanes as compared to ave with a barrier as a median strip.  ave can be just a street with no markings to one that has a barrier divider.
Try to find a route that avoids stop lights because the starting and stopping will lower your gas mileage, and don't accelerate quickly because a gradual acceleration will help you to conserve gas.. . Make sure that everything in your car is running smoothly because a mechanical problem could contribute to poor gas mileage.lift right foot every once in a while. seriously keep up maintainance and use good fuels and oils todays air filters may last 30k miles but in mix of rural to small city roads most filters seem to lastabout 1/2 that.you can try some fuel additives or keep the car as light as possible and dont always put the pedal to the medal. also you could try to find alternate routes that dont have as much stopping. the less stopping and going the better, because everytime you apply the brakes its eating more fuel. however if the alternate route is longer i wouldnt waste your time. you could also try just flat out getting a new toyota or honda or a new hybrid. thats your best bet mate.get atune upKeep up on the maintenance (Especially tire pressure) and try and keep the least amount of unecessary weight in it as possible.
Varies with each car. Most modern cars cannot be hotwired, it takes a coded key to unlock the computer so it will turn on the fuel system. 70-80s cars could be hotwired but you still would have to break the steering column lock. Older vintage cars were very easily hotwired but we didn't have a problem then because that was a time when people were just plain HONESTNever tried it but i do install remote starters and from what i see all you would have to do in an older car is take the constant wire on the ignition and put it to the starter wire going out to the starter.g7 you'll end up gjail!under the steering wheel there is a cover break that off pull the wires apart then make them touch again. . that should start the car
You woln't loose much gas.  But the gas cap trick should relive pressure.  This is some thing that needs to be fixed ASAP.  It also only takes a few minutes to replace it.Sorry, there is no such valve. Your safer to tow this vehicle to the garage. In the mean time you can pinch off a rubber fuel line from the tank. You probably have fuel injection which means that you have a electric fuel pump located in the tank. You can disconnect power to the pump and the car wont run. That pump sends more than 30lbs of pressure throughout the system.try taking off the gas cap
Try to make contracts with local businesses, as few people will walk in off the streets for repairs.. Invest in a winder as half of your repairs will be rewinding stator coils.first off...gotta know what you are doing.  second, make friends with all local parts dealers, service centers, mechanics, etc....if you are good and very business concious then you shouldn't have too many problems, however you need to get those afformentioned people for referrals, parts, etc...lots 'O' money in that, wish you luck!
tell what model car i have about 50 delco radio . so i can plug one in and find the time for youTake a look at the owners manuel, it's in there.
What Is a Turbocharger?. Turbochargers are a type of forced induction system. They compress the air flowing into the engine (see How Car Engines Work for a description of airflow in a normal engine). The advantage of compressing the air is that it lets the engine squeeze more air into a cylinder, and more air means that more fuel can be added. Therefore, you get more power from each explosion in each cylinder. A turbocharged engine produces more power overall than the same engine without the charging. This can significantly improve the power-to-weight ratio for the engine (see How Horsepower Works for details).from t3 turbo you could gain approx 70-110hpTurbo is a device in a car that uses the ouput exhaust of an engine to power a fan that increases the rate of flow of the fuel-air mixture in the intake manifold.  So it's an efficient way of using wasted exhaust energy in increase the intake of fuel on the intake side of the engine.. . This is why you'll hear about "turbo lag": because it really doesn't kick in until you already have a high RPM in the engine, and then you'll feel that turbo kick.a turbo charger os pretty much a device that injects air into your intake manifold of your engine and it gives the motor more oxygen to burn therefore increasing horsepower remember that theres more than just gasoline burning in those engines there has to be oxygen tooA turbo is a device that catches the engines exhaust and uses it to spin a blade.  The energy from that spinning blade is used to turn another blade that forces air into the engine's intake.  The increase in airflow boosts the power of the engine.Simply put, a turbocharger is an air pump driven off of a car's exhaust.  It forces additional air down the intake manifold of the engine to increase horsepower.  More horsepower=more speed.
you have to mount that little box behind the factory radio  un plug the radio andtenna plug it in to the little metal box and the other cable plugs in to the  back of the radio . . good selection on satellite radio i like xm betterThe first thing I would do if I got an XM radio, is to return it to the store.  I would then purchase a Sirius radio.. . I'm serious!
more than I gotWell I don't know all of those but the Learjets generally go for just under $10 and the Hawker 800 XP goes for closer to $50 million.. If you get them used the prices go down a lot. Most private jets go for around $10 to $50 million. I don't know about the MD-87, I have never looked into buying one of those.don't know off the top of my head but they are all ranging from 10 million to 50 million depending on what u get for options.
the title or registration showing the ownership of the vehicleThe title shows ownership.  The registration shows who it is registered too, which may not be the same as an owner, such as the case of someone who leases a car.  The title will also show any liens on it.the title or registration. one or the other.
For cars (not commercial vehicles) gross weight includes what it would weight loaded (on average) to capacity. Curb weight is an empty vehicle (but includes fuel and normal components). If you are shipping a car, curb weight would be the weight they would charge you for. If you are driving along gross weight would be what you would want to know before you crossed that shaky bridge.im thinkin with or without occupants of average size lol hmm. with kids in the car hard to determine.
Suggest you go the the DMV in Tampa,Fl.Ummm... Go to the DMV office in Tampa??  Sounds like a plan to me!!take the driving test and pass it the dmv in Tampa should give you a license thengo to the dmv office.
You are going to have to lift the engine, about 6" total to remove the oil pan. Once you lift it unbolt the pump screen to gain extra clearence. remove the pan.Lift the truck, drain the oil, unbolt the pan. There may be a crossmember near it that has to be removed also. it should be very easy to do.another easy way would be to unbolt the motor mounts and transmission then lift the engine....You can gain extra clearance by turning the crank a little bit to get the counter weights of the crank out of the way.  It still might be difficult with the transmission right there behind it.  Good luck!
When the MPH radar is placed into POP mode, the radar emits a short burst of energy and quickly measures the vehicle's speed. The radar then goes immediately into standby and displays the obtained speed for a couple of seconds. The entire measurement happens so quickly that the NO radar detector could detect it with any accuracy.you mean bleep, thats when it detects somthing on the radar
the clutch cable adjuster is on the driver side under the air box.remove the air box and intake hose.you should see the clutch cable coming from the firewall.Wrong blinda, comes equipped with hydraulic clutch slave & master cylinder. If it is necessary to adjust pedal height, remove instrument lower finish panel and air duct. . Loosen lock nut and turn stopper bolt until the height is correct, then tighten locknut. No adjustment under the hood.You dont need to remove anything, the adjusment is on the clutch pedal.Why you want to adjust it?you could do it your self but it might be the cables too i would sugest going to a shopthe best thing for you to do would be go to your nearest autoparts place and ask for the "HAYNES MANUAL"(the bible so to speak on car and vehicle repairs) for your year and model vehicle. the haynes manual is a do it yourself answering book // they are fantastic/// i once owned an italian made "VESPA" scooter and when i sold it i kept the haynes manual(i would not have known how to change the tires, or replace the clutch cable,or replace the speedometor, or lots of other things that i needed to know about the scooter without it)!!!!  because i may get another scooter someday and do not want to have to search for the books // i have both manuals for the vespa scooters/// they cover 1949/// up to the 1990's in vespa scooters!!!
The Yahoo mail web interface does not have a request receipt option... so you can't. Outlook has this option.. . Anyway, why is this question in Aircraft? You could get more answers if you put it in the correct category (Yahoo products).sorry but i don't think you can... if you are and you DO manige to find out how please tell me too. thank you.
if it's been taken good care of, not beaten or super modded, should be fine. my crown vic has same 5.0 as a mustang  except a diff intake, and it runs like new after 112,000 miles. no oil blowing or nothing.87-93 "Fuelies" were my favorite, A 5.0 with a roller cam that can rev like Hell without breaking up, factory headers, true dual exhaust, Borge-warner 5-speed "rowin the boat", YOU MUST get the 5 speed ! Remember, "It ain't a HOT ROD unless it's got 3 peddles" !!!!!I did a right hand drive conversion here in Australia for a customer and his 1985 Mercury Capri HO RS. His car had 55000 miles on it tree years ago. It now has 178000 miles and only had to rebuild alternator, exhaust and power steer pump. Driveline is plenty strong enough. Body doesn't have any major dramas. Parts are difficult to find here but if you are in the U.S you shouldn't have any problems.As long as it has not been raced or over modified, my experience is that they're a great car .I admit I'm a ford fan . The 5 speed is the best choice as they cheaper to fix and will last longer . The 5.0 LX Automatic is also a good choice , I seen these cars take a lot of abuse and keep on hauling ass.The fact is these cars are pretty cheap right now ,just like the '69 camaro was 15 years ago and look what $$$$ they bring now .Good luck shopping , I'm trying to find A 90-92 5.0 GT convertable myself.
there is a short, or loss of groundIt is a cam, a single point cam on the rotor shaft in the distributor.  The distributor shaft is driven by the cam shaft (has many lobs at least two per cylinder).  The cam shaft is timed to turn half speed of the crank shaft and the electrical timing is equal to the cam shaft speed.A thermocouple ?If you are referring to the old point type distributor on a gas engine, there is a multisided cam in the distributor. Depending on the there is one flat area and one raised one for each cylinder that the engine has. The points are open then the raised area rubs the points!The Distributer Cam Lobe opens the points. Is that all you needed to know?
R-12 fittings are the size of your pinky, r143 the sixe of your thumb.  If you have both somebody did a shi__y job and you have 134.I didn't think those cars came with AC, . there should be a sticker under the hood around the radiator, telling about the ac. its type and amount of refrigerant it usesnormally if you check on the gase pipes it should tell you what gas it uses...good luckR12 and R134a has different size fittings...R134a is slightly larger...but yours being an 86 is probably R12.Your car uses the older R-12 freon. Unless it was changed over by a previous owner to the newer R134A. The lines would have to be changed to accept the higher pressures of R134A. The vehicle should have been clearly marked saying that the system was changed.
IT IS VERY VERY HIGH IN ACID CONTENT.. . THATS WHY IT'S SO HARD ON A PAINTJOB ON YOUR CAR.. . SAME AS CHICKENS, IT IS VERY ULTRA HIGH ACID CONTENT.Because this is also how they pee.  Mixture of both crap and pee change the colorI Dont No. I Have A Cat.It's more of a base than an acid.  They used to use it to clean sinks and tubs.(just the white part)  Gross huh?Its crap and pee mixed together.they eat spearmThe white part of bird residue is their urine.  Only the black is the "solid waste."  As to why is it white, Would you prefer florescent green?thats not their shit its there spermInterestingly, one of the main reasons is that birds combine their urine and feces.. . If this is a serious question and you really want to know, try this link:. . http://petcaretips.net/avian-diarrhea.htmlits not crap its them jizzin on your windshieldi have no idea. maybe its just they way they crap same way we crap brown hahai agree with the first answerer "yoyo"they try to crap a rainbow but it just doesn't work out for themGod thought it would look silly birds dropping big wads of brown crap from an airborn position.. tada... white crap.Paint your car white to cover up the crap.Good Question. Maybe the air is cleaner up in the sky and it cleans or bleaches their crap?Oh crap! The crap and urine is mixed together.idklol
You sell it for more than you owe on it, then pay back the financing bank. Then, sign the title over to the other party.. . Faster than that: trade it in at a dealership (new or used) and they will handle the paperwork.You'd have to explain to the buyer your situation, and that you will get them the title once you get it from the bank. This will make it harder to find a buyer though.well if you can, pay off the loan first. IF you're counting on money from the sale, be sure you get enough to cover what you owe. It varies from state to state. California give you 10 days max from sale to processing of paperwork. of course, they can't enforce what they don't know but the purchaser will be expecting a title within 10 days generally and if you're using that money from the sale for other things, you could end up in a world of trouble.most traders in England will pay what you owe if you are trading it in for anew but if you are hopeing on the money you will have to pay off what you owe
Pilots are used for their local knowledge of the port and ship handling ability.  The ships captain can probably bring the vessel into the port but it is usually safer to have a pilot do it who has that local knowledge of the waters and dangers associated.  The captain still has ultimate responsibility and can relieve the pilot from command at any time he sees fit.Because they're the experts on the local currents and depths. If a ship is no more than 50 metres an exemption certificate can be obtained once the skipper has done the trip 6 ( I think) times safely.Because Foriegn captains have no local knowlage of the port, or conditions, most don't even speak English, we don't need them smashing 80,000 ton ships into bridges and Piers, They must hand it over to the Harbor Pilots, and Tug boat Captains !because we don't want to "trust" that the captain knows the current and wind for the port and it also controls traffic in and out of port
Turn on the key. Hold the 2 buttons down until the time flashes. Then use each button to set the hours & minutes. Then turn off the key.If you still have the manuel do so and read it. . YOU HAVE INTERNET CHECK IT
with a nine inch grinder unless the dash has a removable slot to fit d/dinYou will have to modify the dash with either fiberglass or ABS plastic to accomodate the larger size. You may also have to reconfigure some air vents behind the dash, but anything is possible if you're willing to pay for it.
both of the above answers are correct and to explain it a bit more, the windows were almost a perfect square, with sharp points at each corner, when the cabin cycles with pressurization at each takeoff and landing the metal around these sharp cutouts in the fuselage would fatigue and flex, which still happens to this day but since then there are "stringers" or "longerons" installed in the fuselage, they run front to back and are installed about every 10 inches around the inner circumference of the fuselage, these absorb the flex and transmit it along the length of the stringer, in addition, the fuselage has what is called a "window belt" this an area of thicker metal that is attached to the fuselage that the window openings are actually milled out of, the original Comet did not have as many stringers OR a window belt in the fuselage.. . When the corners of the openings for the windows starting cracking due to the fatigue, the crack expanded violently and large sections of the fuselage opened up and ripped away because there was no structure in place to stop the migration of the cracks.. . Think of it like you are ripping a bath towel in half, when you are in the middle sections of the towel it rips fairly easily, when you get to the sewn borders it is harder.. On the Comet the "sewn borders" were 4 feet away from where the cracks started, by the time they got that far there was no stopping them.The square windows brought it down. Cracks in the corners. Would have been different had they put oblong or round windows inSpot on Bevl78, except that we are still flying Nimrods in the RAF today.They suffered structural failures around the windows that resulted in rapid cabin depressurization - and ultimate death for the occupants.. . That's why airplane windows aren't square anymore.The structural failures happened around the windows, but were due to the installation of ADF antennae in the top of the fuselage above the 4th window back. The fuselage wasn't designed to have a hole in it at that point and so the installation compromised the structural strength and caused a weakness in the fuselage at that point - the window shape simply provided a weaker point for the stress to show. The Comet was used by the RAF until the late 1980's as the Nimrod airborne surveillance aicraft with no problems!metal fatigue
Apply for one as you cross the border.There should be a Mexican Consulate office in Dallas. Simply apply for a Tourist Card and vehicle permit. If you are only visiting the border area and about 60 miles into Mexico you do not need one. You will need Mexican Auto Insurance.
most likely friction.....see if its rubbing on something...... btw, its the harmonic balanceer.....There is no such thing as a "harmonica balance" on an engine. There is a harmonic balance which helps remove vibration from the crankshaft and has a grooved or serpentine pulley on the back side to drive various belt driven accessories. As for turning "red", that could be an illusion caused by paint or rubbing something which would also cause noise and obvious damage to something otherwise no such thing is happening.
a really cool-upgraded version of the mustang's.. mustang was a horse at first! (hahahahah)now its a super expensive-super cool sports carIt is a high performance mustang made by race car driver. and designer steve saleen. I believe they are over $45000 and very powerful.Saleen is a independant company that turns cars right out of the factory into high performance racing vehicles. Even though the Saleen Mustang is the fastest in america, I would rather have a Rousch Mustang.its a carprice is depended on year and mileage.... if you could afford a new one you would not be askingA piece of junk.Steve Saleen converts v6 mustangs and soups them up here in Irvine. Has been doing it for years. If you like eye candy in a Mustang this is it. For the amount of money they charge there is a lot of other better cars out there unless you like Mustangs this much. I have also heard a lot of horror stories of poor build quality etc. With the 2003-4 SVT Cobras and the new 500 hp GT500 you get a whole lot more bang for your buck than what a Saleen Mustang would ever give you.saleen is a company that worx with ford on high performance street vehicles. . . basically they took the mustang and pushed it to various limits. the saleen mustang is a race-ready street car.Only one of thee best cars in the whole world!Made by the best and thee first maker of all vehicles....Ford.The Mustang ranges from the original pony car (mustang)that first showed to the public in New york at a fair  on June 17(i think june) 1964.Theres mustang coupes,5.0's,cobras,saleens,boss,ect,my favorite the boss 429!
Condensation from the engines, they actually emit water. This white line you see is particles of ice by the temperature change(WHICH IS - VERY MUCH BELOW FREEZING POINT) of the exhaust(HOT AIR FROM ENGINE) and the cold airIts not actually smoke...its steam created by the temperature change of the exhaust and the cold airIt's not smoke it's actually water vapor.Condensation from the engines, they actually emit water. This white line you see is particles of ice.It's not smoke it's actually chemical weather manipulation by our government to control the effects of global warming
If you are 'performance' driving on the street, you shouldn't be - you'll kill someone. If you are performance driving in a street car off road, and you don't know how to hold the steering wheel, you'll probably kill yourself.About 12in. so that if you were to have an accident, you won't get hit smack in the face with the air bag. It comes out at a speed of 300 mph and you could get injured.120 degress and seat back so your wrists touch the stearing wheelSafest position for you and anyone else is about 10 feet, eg away from all controls then you can do your performance without worry; . and keep out of the tram tracks incase any other street-cars come alonga distance which your arms are relaxed, a lil less than 90 degrees, espalda rectaElbows slightly bent, wrists touching steering wheel.  Pedals be floored without completely straightening legs, rear and back firmly planted into the seat.
My opinion about Rockford Fosgates they are the best but the new Rockfords are ok.  They are not as loud as the older style and the older subs. The older models could not be beat'n befor Kicker came out with Subs I know because I have a Pair of 12" Rockfords to where the sound vibration is to much for my car i got tired of replacing my rear windshield once a month so I decided to run them in the house now it feels as though I am in an earth quake from hell so if you choose Rockford you are making a very wise choice.Rockford Fosgate is a waste of money,you don't get much boom for you buck.If your looking for something loud and good clarity go with 2 kicker comp 15" subs and an amp that can handle 900 watts,and most definitely a kenwood deck.Rockford fozgate is the shit...but if your wanting a good set up... i would go with JBL for the speakers, Rockford for the amp, and clarion for the CD player,...combanation of all sound freaking awsome pluse i win lots of shows in cali......not as good as mb quart or focal and they are around the same price
Why would you want to? The Cummins is a Dinosaur noisy rattle box next to the Izusu duramax diesel. People should be trying to make their Cummins sound like a Duramax if they had any brains!You can't.. . Sixs and eights have never sounded the same.. . Do an exhaust that is a sleeper and youwill really like the hp. and sound.throw some old spanners in the rocker cover
Remove the fuse box cover, should be on the inside edge of the dash, you'll see a red (I think it's red)reset button, push and hold until it flashes.. . I don't recall the exact procedure, it may be wrong, if it doesn't work and you have your owners manual, it will list in the manual. . Jerry. http://www.usedcarwise.comOpen drivers door.. Remove fuse panel cover.. Turn the ignition to the on position but dont start the car.. Push the reset button once then hold it on till you hear the chime,your oil monitor is now reset.turn the key off. lolIf you open the driver door, there is a panel on the side of the dash that butts against the closed door. In there is a reset switch for it. If you can't find it, take it to the dealership and they will show you how to reset it....that's how I found out. (I had a 2000 Alero....should be the same)My hubby would put a piece of electrical tape over it!
We've been using gas for so long, and when it's not abused it's not really dirty.  It's the big SUVs and trucks that make most of the polution.  We should use water powered cars, but the only problem is that the batteries in those must be charged, which takes electricity, and that must come from either fossil fuels, which are cheap and make a large amount of energy, or solar or wind power, which is slow weak, undependable, and expensive.You sure can't think at all.  No Government or oil company is preventing any person from inventing a car that can run off water.  The fact is that it takes more energy to separate the hydrogen from the water than can be obtained from the hydrogen.  Any one that believes some person has found the way to separate the hydrogen economically had better wake up.  I have been hearing stories like this for nearly 70 years and they are all the same.  Nonsense from the word go.  Electric cars have to get their power from some place and most of the time it is from a fossil fueled generating plant.  In time answers will be found but not at this time.Hi,. Just remember, natural doesn,t mean clean.. Burning wood gives off smoke, which is a pollutant etc..... Running cars on water ( by which they mean taking the hydrogen gas out of the water ) is also a short term solution.. Just as oil will one day run out, there is already a water shortage in some areas.. Global Warming any one ????One of the cleanest fuels is alcohol. Even that needs processing and refining - no use filling your tank with sour mash.. . Perhaps if we get more efficient and powerful electric motors and refueling stations which generate electriciy from solar, wind and water power, we shall at last be getting somewhere. No Mustangs, Jags or flashy 4WD trucks, though, please! . . Air travel could be tricky. We might just have to slow down the pace of life a bit. Now ... there's a thought!We don't really even need to use it , we have other options!!. By the way I LOVE YOUR NAME!!we've to see oil is part of nature resources for human development and being largely used all over the world. If over-uses, it'll harm to nature and human himself, otherwise i believe this world will be in harmony. We reliase that burn the oil is harmful to ozone. Thus with technology avail now we invent alternative e.g. hygrogen and electric for motorcar ... even nuclear some days later :-)we have the electric hybred car here.Petrol And Gas, the back bone of Otto's Four stroke generator, has been in use for 100 years and back then,. oil was cheap and efficent. Now we have alternatives BUT. oil is still the ultimate cash cow.
cdavidbutler2...you sure he can get at it from under the hood??  Oh man if you are right this guy just took his car apart for nothing.. . I have done heater cores in Fords before...lots of fun pulling the dash.OK bubba i got you the bolts or bolts u seek r under the hood yes but u can get to the 4 th and bottom one with a 1/4  drive it is at the base of the inner fender so u may have to loosen the bolts to geet to it but i do know that the damn thing wont come out with out taking the bolt out first !some people even cut a small access hole in the inner fender to get to it ?!?!? dont do that the car is a classic so take the extra time to do a job well done!check the cable to the heat to make sure it is not in the way becouse it can be get held upThis site has lots of info. If it does not help you might consider getting a manual, they are life savers!. Good Luck!with great difficulty.I have not done a 73 befor but the last one I done was sealed on with sealant or a gasket of some type after all mounting hardware was removed for sure  like the screws ariund it and the hoses off use a tool like a putty knife or thin wide blade two seperate from firewall should work .Gosh that should be easy.. through glove box? bolts down side of it??You are approaching it from the wrong side.. . If the car has A/C and a lot of options, do 1,2,3 - if not, go to 4:. . 1. Jack up the front of the car and place the car securely on jackstands - do not work on the car while it is on a jack.. . 2. Reomve the passenger side front wheel.. . 3. Remove the passenger side front wheelhouse.. . 4. Remove the two heater hoses from the engine compartment heater box inlet and outlet. . . 5. Remove the heater box from the firewall. . 6 Voila - the heater core.Buy a shop manual, numnuts!
The forward controls on a 99 sporty are simple. Remove the peg and the peg Y is actually the frame bolt, take a small rod and slip thru the hole and turn it out. Make sure to unhook the linkage.Use tools.Go down to your local HD shop and they will be more than willing to help out.
You need to purchase a car stereo installation kit. You can purchase these at any of a number of different places - Walmart, Best Buy, Circuit City, or a specialized stereo shop - should cost you around $12 - $25 depending on where you get it. I would recommend Metra from personal experience, but the Intrepid kit is a common kit so any kit will work just fine.Head over to Radio Shack. There are inserts made of plastic that you mount the stereo in, and then mount the insert into the dash. It acts as a spacer to make the stereo centered in the opening, and makes it look "factory". Most of those inserts cost eight or nine dollars.
Don't mess with your tail lights. There are specifications for tail lights and you will be dimming the light with tint which may be unsafe for other driver's on the road.you cann buy a special spray paint for 10$ i did that to my car and this spray won t change the collor of your light when you press the brake for example the collor is still red , and the tail light is tint !Regardless of whether or not this is possible, DONT do it. Your taillights have to be a specific color as perscribed by city/county/state or federal laws.you cant do that the cops made a law about that you can wreck like my mom did in here van because the rear lamps waz. tinted.
That's the wiper arm. Get a little bottle of touch up paint from your auto supply store. Clean the arm well before applying.Can't, I use some black spray paint.  Take them off the car prior to painting though.You can't, the sun will fade after a year or so. The best thing to do is replace them. They case about $9.00 each.
If adding fluid doesn't work, check your power steering belts.   They may be slipping under load.  Also, your fluid may be dirty, or your pump may be wearing out, or maybe it just strugles turning your tires.  Check your air using the inflation guide inside your door, and see if this doesn't help.probally needs some fluid put in itsounds low on fluid... if that doesn't fix it check out the belt, (tension and glazed/cracked) if that doesn't do it you have a bad pump.There is air in the pump. That is what is making the noise. So you must have a leak somewhere to cause a loss of fluid and allowing air into the hydraulics. Jules, automotive lecturer. Australia.I would also say you may be low on fluid. Get some Lucas power steering fluid. This is an oil based liquid and is thicker than steering fluid. It will stop a leak and improve performance. I know. I have used it numerous times at work. Advance and O'Rileys will have itmaybe it's having an orgasm.I would say you need power steering fluid or a bad belt.One check the fluid if full the the pump is going badcheck the hoses some time the hoses get pin size holes in them and they leak. bye the way is it a gm vehicle 90's modelcheck for a leak air in the system makes the system wine like a lil piggy, no leaks then your belts loose, dependind on your car it might be a loose tensionercould be your tires wearing unevenly. too much or too little air presure
Firing order is on the intake manifold and easily found in any service manual. It may even be in your owner's manual.Not sure which engine you have but, it is only 1 of 2 different orders.. 1-5-4-2-6-3-7-8. or. 1-3-7-2-6-5-4-8. The correct order should be on the intake manifold casting, so you have either one of these firing orders.. Good Luck
sounds like the cv joint is on it's way out.  or it could be a bushing in the steering linkage.  some squeeks can sound like they are coming from somewhere else and i would get the u-joints checked on the driveshaft.  Chevys rule!Your husband is right, they suck.  My sister-in-law is constantly bringing her Trailblazer to the shop.  Be prepared..... Sorry to be the bearer of bad news.springs rubbing, probably dry rubberSwaybar bushings, bar to frame mount, use silicon greasesounds like it could be the sway bar bushings or the sway bar link bushings
insurance company. Tell them that car hit yours.The plate could very well be stolen from another vehicle. Your best bet would be to write the VIN number down, located on the driver's side dash. On newer cars you will even see the VIN # printed on all the window glass. Ask the police to run it for you.You prolly wont find a place to do it for free, and you cant just walk into the DMV and ask, and the police Wont give it to you.iLLINOIS 372 2553, GREY HUNDAI, HARD TOP
ok, i used to know a meter maid( same as a traffic cop) they make a vertical line, a small one, and when they come back by, if you havnt moved the line is still vert. and u get a ticketthey have a piece of chalk on a stick and just walk by or are driving one of those little carts.  but it is chalk on a stickwith thier hand and a piece of chalkwith chalk.What!? never heard of this and have no clue what you are talking about.
helicopter !!!!!!!!!!!! Or build a big ramp and jump supermanThere are lots of roads in and out of Veags but the problem you may run into is too steep of hills/mountains for the size of your bike. better check and know elevations before attempting this or you'll do more pushing than riding.have fun, drive west until you see signs for vegas and then go south.. dont let anyone tell you you cant do it.. take plenty of cash, tire repair kit. dont have to much of a plan it takes the fun out of it.. rest when your tired and drive when you not, give yourself plenty of timewith a Honda 250??? - that explains why you dont want to use the freeway system. . . Good luck, I hope it don't rain, and carry a cell-phoneMapquest or a GPS will make the routing very easy.LOL! c'mon though, ya gotta admit, that "airplane" answer was kinda funny....You might have to go out of your way. Why don't you want to take the interstate? The least traffic would be thur. St. George Ut. to Hurricane to Kanab Ut.on 89 to Colorado.Get a compass and a roadmap or atlas. Secondary and tertiary roads will be listed.. . p.s. Below.. Why does everybody suggest GPS right away? That is such a lazy way to drive. It will always give you some direct route or route to mega traffic. The guy is looking for some adventure on the back roads. A GPS will not give you this. A roadmap with elevations, squiggly backroads, and state owned land, etc, will always yield a better motorcycling route.
In general fabrication is cheaper.  But you should consider the amount of weldment that must be done to make your finished part.  welders and materials have come a long way even in the last 30 years, so engineers can feel better about the integrity of these joints where before, only a casting would reduce the intergranular stress risers that come with changes in geometry.  this answer is highly dependent on the parent material you are working with A36 carbon, 6061 Al, etc.One word- precision.casting requires die.Its costly.Fabrication is a easy and economical process to achieve the component
You don't adjust the lifters,you adjust the rocker arms!If they are adjustable (never assume) you need a box wrench and a large screwdriver.  Hold with the screwdriver and turn with the wrench until the noise goes away.
Bud Light, hammer, cussingprobably need a whole new panDrill it and use an easy out. It was probably put in cross threaded..   Drill hole all the way through. Let oil drain. Now you can heat it or keep drilling bigger holes then rethread the hole.Drill the centre of the bolt and insert an Easy-out, this is a tap with a spiralling thread that runs in reverse.. Insert and turn slowly, this should unscrew the remaining part of bolt/plug.. 2/ Remove the sump and do the same from the other side.. I am concerned that you have sheared of the top of the sump bolt, did you attempt to turn it in the wrong direction? Check before you attempt to carry on.. If all else fails, replace the sump pan and make sure you use a new sump bolt and washer.. Master.Think-   You drill into the old Plug,  then you tap it with a Tool for removing it-   same as for a Head Bolt-It depends on how handy you are..... . If you have access to a drill, and are able to get up under the car with jackstands, or better yet, a lift, you can drill a hole in the plug itself. Then you can insert an E-Z out tool available at an auto parts store, to twist the plug out. It can be a pretty tricky ordeal.. . The alternative is to buy a new oil pan from a junkyard, or your dealer/parts store.. . Good luck.ohh!! thats bad, bust out the drill they do make universal oil plugs wich work great , or just get a new oil panIf you have wire welder to your diposal.Weld a washer to the left over bolt and tack a old nut to that and they usaully twist out. If there is any part of the bolt sticking out you can cut a slot in it, heat it up and twist it out with a screw driver. With a little heat they usaully spin out fairly easily.Take the pan off and drill the plug out. Then re-tap the hole and get a different plug. Or just take the pan off and try to find one for cheap like at a junk yard.
The late Larry Shinoda is the designer of classic mustangs. 1969-1971. The car is a tribute to him.The "Boss Shinoda" package was a graphics and body kit available for the Mustang in the mid 90's.  Mechanically it was bone stock, so if it was a GT it had the 5.0L V8 rated at 215 hp, the Cobra had the 5.0L V8 rated at 240hp (Due to SVT GT40 heads and intake) However, I don't think the Shinoda pacakge was ever placed on a Cobra so I would make sure it was a real Cobra and not just a rebaged Mustang GT.  Basically, its a better looking, but not higher performing, Mustang GT.
Buy a panel puller tool at your local auto parts store for about $10. Behind the handle is a u shaped clip you can push off with the end of this tool. Check for a screw or two around the armrest and remove. Use the tool to pop out the panel fasteners by prying out at each location around panel and then lift up off the lip on the door. P.S this tool makes it SO MUCH EASIERTHERE IS A C CLIP IN THE BACK NEED A SPECIAL TOOL LOOKS LIKE A FLAT SPOON  U SHAPE AT THE END U CAN REMOVE IT WITH A SCRIBE LIKE A DENTIST TOOL THE CLIP GO TO  PEP BOYS OR AUTO ZONE AND U CAN BUY THE TOOL FOR A FEW BUCKS AND GET SOME EXTRA CLIPS CAUSE U NEVER DONE ONE AND U WILL LOOSE IT WHEN IT POPS OUTIts held on by clips and screws... use the proper tool for the clips.On most cars you have to remove clip from window crank then there is usually some screws in the arm rest. then pull door panell off slowly because its held on by little plastic pop in fasteners thats ityou don't now??? i dont now to.huah5xMore than likely there are a couple of screws that are hidden behind the door latch and at other ends of the panel. After removing the screws, then you will just have to pull at the piece which is more than likely held in by small plastic pop-ins.you can get the clip off the crank with a small flathead screwdriver. just push it off
That depends on if it's new or used.. . Most states do not offer lemon law protection for used cars. The state of New Mexico recently passed legislation to protect used car buyers to some degree, and hopefully other states will follow. . . A lemon for new cars is also defined differently for each state. It's determined by the number of repair attempts for the same concern with in a given time frame. . . That's not to say that an attorney can't sue the manufacturer and dealership in order to accomplish something.. . Some states (Lousiana) has a Right Of Redibition law as well, in general terms (not legal) one has the right to expect that the purchase of a new product will offer the services as designed, with out undue hardship. The law applies to most products and not just cars and trucks.. . With out know the specifics of your issue, It's difficult to offer even the basic advice to you other than to consult a local lemon law attorney.. . Good Luck. . Jerry Christopher. http://www.usedcarwise.comIf you just bought the car return to the seller and ask whats up with it and ask to see the past maintenance history and or repair order history because you may have bought a Lemon that was returned (this is always best to ask for before you buy it). If you bought the car several mounts ago and its been in the shop more than four times in the past 18,000 miles and or 18mo for the same thing then it may be considered a Lemon by law if the repair has been unsuccessful, If the repair is for a safety issue as with an SRS light or an ABS light comming on then it could be justified as a Lemon by law after only two times if the repair has been unsuccessful. If its been in for multi differant repairs then it may also be justified as a Lemon, This will apply to any new vehicle and any vehicle sold by a dealership (depends on state). If your having problem you might want to consider a Lemon Law firm and contact them for there opinion, you will need a clear readable full copy of all your past repair orders and your contract for them to look at, go to the web for a list of Lemon Law experts. If you pick a Lemon Law firm be sure there success rate is high and they dont ask for a fee from you.  GOD Bless and good luckWell if it's not runnin' its a lemon.  There is a 72 hour ( I think its 72 hours) lemon law.  if it's trashed you can get your money back, or at least fight over it good and hard in court.
They work through either internal combustion or compression.I think you are thinking of a diesel engine. Diesel engines are internal combustion engines like petrol engines, but use much higher compression ratios so the fuel is burnt by the high pressure in the engine. No spark is needed to start combustion! Many diesel engines are turbocharged, as this increases the efficiency even more.
Remove the door panel, then you look about where the motor is, and you will see 3 small dents in the door frame. Drill out the holes to get to the screws, then change the motor.If you email me I will give you all the info on it.Remove the door panel by removing all screws and clips. Then remove the old motor and replace it with new one!
bucket seats are two separate seats and a bench seat is one seat.Well a bucket seat is a seat all by itself . and a bench is usually 2 or 3 seats stuck together.
Yeah! And why is it called a freeway, when ultimately it is not free, and it doesn't always go the right way.not this again. PLEASE!!!!!why r people still asking this oooooooooooolllllllllllddddddddd questionWho cares just make sure your not the slow driver on the parkway!cause if you parked on a parkway, you're likely to get you butt kickedbecause the people that invented English were backwardmore importantly why is "separated" written with no spaces and "with no spaces" is written separatedWow! That's a very original question. Never seen it asked on here except maybe a million times!!I usually drive on the walkway and park in the alley so others can't get through.  Where do you live?That's a good question.. . ... A lot of things in life are screwed up!i agree this is soooooooooo old. . btw, ans: we cant drive on driveway and park on a parkway
if they are drums, its pretty easy. take the tire off, remove the drum, take apart the brake shoes, replace the components with new ones, then put the drum back on. do one tire at a time so you can see where every thing goes.that car needs a gas cap switch. . . pull the cap off and drive a volkswagen under it.
Usually the oil pump is located inside the oil pan. Check with a dealer to be sure. If it is in the oil pan, you will have to remove the oil pan and replace the pump, seal and thoroughly clean the pan before you reinstall it.I don't know how to change the oil pump but if you happen to leak oil on your concrete in the process I know of a product called Oil Away that is a waterless concrete cleaner and it will remove the oil stain from the concrete instantly. I've used it and it works great.. Best of luck to you.
take it to your mechanic and have them scan the computer. Dont guess about it,do it right.check the tightness off the belts it sounds like there slipping . if it is the battery light will be on.easy to fix without going to the garage ,just loosen of the alternator bolts move it until the belt is tighter and do up the bolts.that should cure it.. good lucksounds like an emissions problem...check the manual and call your car dealer for more info
If it was actually YOUR car, I'm sure you'd know how to do it.. . Sounds like you want to know how to disable it in someone's else's car, so you can steal it.OK are you asking about the front door lock if so or not send me a Emil at johnbrandon4@yahoo.com ail help
to make the balance while fuelling,stand for a couple of minutes after refueling to allow any vapors to dissipate as cng is heaviorCNG is heavier than air and may collect in the vehicle during refueling.  It should stand for a couple of minutes after refueling to allow any vapors to dissipate.CNG can possibly leak into the vehicles passenger compartment while filling (remote chance) and if an occupant were to cause a spark of any kind, BOOM!  It is a remote chance, but it is just a safety step to prevent the chance of killing someone.  The gas dissipates quickly, so by the time you get back into the vehicle it is safe.  And hey!  How many times have you seen someone drive off with the gas nozzle in the car?  That is also a reason to get out of the vehicle...sort of a reminder.In case is explodes...the real reason is to make sure you get hit by flying car parts in case it does explode.. . also the middle ester people like the extra hassle it makes ther high dollar gas less of a hassle
You need to change your break pads.  You better do it soon before it ruins every thing and it gets more expensive to fix.  Break fluid has nothing to do with itsome brakes squeak even when new.  mine do.Have you tried oiling the brakes or changing them?  Brake FLUID is sold at WalmartMine were leaking brake fluid which in turned caused mine to sqeak.  The pad and drums were fine.  Had to fix the leaking from the cylinders.Well the two main causes of this are Lack of Lubrication or Development of Rust on brake surface.In any case oiling the brakes will be of great help.eather cheack ur pads or go to the car wash and spray the brakes down with hi water psisumtimes if dust or sumthing like dirt gets on the breaks they tend to squeak happens all the time to me when im out hunting
give them some extra money and they can make it gold, its an option call gold package. you can get almost any car with gold package now. Toyota Camry is a very good car, good luck,Yeah, it's the extra cost "gold package". My opinion is it only looks good on a white Camry with shiny chrome wheels.gold logos are shiningGold badging used to denote higher spec models. They did this with Lexus as well, but have now stopped. It as nothing to do with the colour of the car.Some have the option package and you can buy one with or without a gold logo dending on the dealership and car options.lol. since you like gold so much. you should also get a gold tone sport rim. lol. just jokingThose are usually dealer packages that are added.  Kind of tacky in my opinion.Some people just like gold logos.OMG how bored u must be lmao
I got them to stop building on my house by using something called bird-be-gone (??). It was sticky and they don't want to get it on their feathers so they go somewhere else.Try leaving the hood open while parked. The birds may try for a more enclosed area elsewhere!put a wolverine under the hood..the birds won't dare go in there, neither will most neighbors or passers-byeEver heard of a pellet gun??????C4 is the best solution. Might be trouble for the engine, though.
Don't try,  The resistance is determined by the windings and type of metal used in a speaker coil.  There is a term that tech guys use call impedance and is very important to subs. 4 ohm sub + 4 ohm impedance amp is good sound.. 4 ohm sub = 2 ohm impedance amp BAD SOUND. Make them match resistance.BUT U WNAA DO THIS?Rockford Subs are only sold as either 4 ohm or 2 ohm. I don't know of any of their speakers to go either way.refer to Ohm’s Law. .     4 ohms +4 ohms =8ohms[for series].     4 ohms +4 ohms =2ohms[for parallel]by bridging them together you can get them to 2 ohms wire the positive of one to the negitive of the other then hook them up as you would one speaker
there are 2 torx head bolds that hold them on . they are on the back side of the caliber take them out raise them out of the way then pull the rotor off also make sure you push the center of your caliber in so that your brake pads will clear your rotor when you put them back onUsually for Jimmy's there is a tool that you have to buy at the parts store that will help with that bolt. That is the only thing that will get it off. I used to be a manager at a parts store. Just go to your local parts place and tell them that you need the caliper removal tool for your Jimmy and they should know what you need.
You can always email customer service. You should also be getting a survey soon and you can always voice your displeasure there.Thats why I dont use those services... there is not enough policing involved to ensure that the partners / sellers are properly treating potential customers and no guarantee as to how that second party might use the info yahoo (or any web provider) is selling them.  its a business... not a public service.
You can use body filler, or silicon rtv,  two part epoxy.  Just about any of these should seal it.  It's according to how big of a spot you are dealing with.. . Good LuckA quick fix for an old car is to dab some "rust converter" on and then seal with clear silicone RTV available at auto parts stores. A hardware, home center or paint store should carry the rust converter product.. http://www.gemplers.com/keywords/rust-converter.aspsand the area good, if you sand to the metal because its rusted apply metal conditioner, put some bondo over that, then apply primer and then if you want you can get some "touch up paint" and paint over that to make her look a little nicerpl. apply first white cement and its totally dry after that you apply second cote also
The question is just not clear at all ? How to answer ? That is a question !In a open place when u lose a direction n u don know which way u r going. How ?. . Just RUB one end of pin so it'll statically charge so it'll act as a magnetBecause all airplanes are late today.. . Hope this clears things up.
Check the fluids. Other than that make sure it's cleaned out a little (no beehives, trash etc.)Check the oilOh man hold on wait a minute!!. . You need to make sure the boat has been de-winterized first. I doubt the guy who sold it to you did this:. . Oil Check. If the previous owner did not change the engine oil when he put the boat up for the season, now is the time to do it. Make sure you change the oil filter also. Check oil in outdrive.. . Battery Inspection. Reattach the cables. Make sure the terminals are not corroded. If so, wipe them clean. If your battery takes water, fill it up. A dry battery is a bad battery. (some people learn that the hard way.) With a battery tester, check the volts and amps. Does it have juice? If it is charged and still no luck, it may be time to buy a new battery.. . Cooling System. Hopefully the previous owner drained the cooling system if they live in a cold winter climate to prevent freezing and cracking. If so, fill 'er back up. Rinse out the strainer and check the hoses for cracks.. . Fuel System. He also should have topped off the tank with gas to prevent any moisture and condensation forming in the tank and diluting the gas. Change the fuel filter. Make sure the fuel line is attached and not cracked. In the winter these hoses can become dry and brittle.. . Distributor. Take the distributor cap off and clean it out. Corrosion could have occurred during the winter. Make sure all connections are restored.. . Belts. Tighten the belts if needed. You should only be able to push the belt slightly down. If the belts do not fit snugly in their pulley grooves, they may be worn and in need of replacement. Belts that are not tight will wear faster because they will likely begin to slip. The alternator belt usually wears faster than the others. A sign of a worn belt is black soot somewhere in the vicinity of the pulley.. . Other things you should check:. - Change the spark plugs. - Lubricate the engine with WD-40. - Check all hoses. - Check power steering / cables. - Test the bilge pump (if you have one). - Replace the drain plug. - Check rudder and shafts. - Inspect the prop. - Check the trim. - Check the fire extinguisher expiration date. . Come back and ask again when you get ready to Re-winterize the boat.Here's what I learned about motors which have set up for a long time.. . 1.take spark plugs out of the motor, spray WD-40 in the cylinders let stand for 1-2 weeks, come back and pull the starter rope or hit the switch to slowly turn over the motor w/o plugs.. . 2.Buy some gas stablizer called(Quickleen fuel system cleaner) Boat US/West Marine Supply. put into the gas tank.. . 3.Replace the Impeller in the drive unit, so you don't burn up the motor, most will break off, they are plastic or rubber and go bad.. . 4.Replace grear drive oil, in lower unit.. . 5.replace spark plugs and start.Check for leaks I would oil the cylinders and try to contact a merc. dealer to see if you need to fume it or just add oil and rebuild the carb.The card should be OK if it was stores in the summer after the last use but if it was put up for winter you could have a gumed up carb.I would run carb cleaner at least and ask dealer about any helpful hints as well Good Boating to you!IF, it was running the last time it was started. Take out the Plugs and spray a little "Marvel Mystery Oil" into each cylinder. Then see if you can turn the flywheel by hand. IF not, do not worry yet. Put the Plugs back in, leave the Cowling off. Make sure the old Gas tank cleaned out and new Gas and Oil (50:1) in the tank. Flush the line by removing the connector at the engine side of hose, then reattach using a little Teflon tape to prevent leaking. Connect to the Engine and having a Charged up Battery. Pump up with gas, raise the fast idle lever, hit the choke button and fire that bad boy up!!!!!! . Now, if, it not start or run good. Look at the Carb(s). You will see a Brass Nut on the bottom side, this where the Fuel Jet is. Remove the nut, (3/8 inch socket, if I remember correct). Then look and you see the jet. Flathead screwdriver be sure it correct size, you want to be careful not to strip the Jet with Wrong size. Remove the Jet and see if it clogged and clean, being careful not to scratch it up. Then try starting again. IF, it not start the Carb(s) may need rebuilt.. When it does start, make sure water come out the little spout back right side looking from back, about bottom of decals. IF, Water not come out have Compressed Air and try blowing into it and see if it clears. Dirt Dobbers love this. IF, you can not get a flow of water, you may have to replace the Impeller in the lower unit. You can remove the hose on the inside to try and clear the spout too. Usually the dirt right there close to the exit hole.put it in the water,then get in it.make sure you have the key, make sure you untie it from the pole you attached it to and make sure its in waterYou need to take it to your local boat mechanic. An outbord engine that sits that long surely needs to be looked at. Your carbureator will probably have to be rebilt, Your gas lines replaced, and your foot oil drained and replaced, Do this now and it will save you alot of money later.Drain the fuel system and thoroughly clean the fuel lines and clean the carburetor. Add fresh fuel and try to start. If not, carry it to a outboard motor shop for repair.start with its external fuel tank make sure its solid and clean/run mixed gas threw its hose checking for leaks/ take the spark plugs out put a little fuel in the cylinders/turn over with no plugs in.replace with new plugs/Greese lower unit/have an expert look at the hull.get the engine serviced check the steering column hasnt seized and make sure the spark plugs work and battery is charged otherwise you'll end up rowing honme!! Happy sailing! p.s always have life vests, drinking water and flares on boardPut it in a lake.put in waterPut it in a big body of wet water. Enjoy!put gas in itput it in the watertake it off the trailormake sure the priming ball is pumped up for the fuel,if its an inboard start the compartment vent fan ,and pump the throttle two or three times.if its outboard click choke button for a couple of revolutions of the flywheel,then engine should start.dont forget plug in back of boat.Put it in the water!69 HUH? OH WOW THATS A ANTIQUE. I WOULD MAKE SURE IT FLOATS FIRST.put it in the lakemaybe clean it, check the fuel.Try to get out of the deal.If you feel comfortable enough, take apart some of the motor, and thoughrilly clean some of the major parts and or replace them. Then drain out all of the fluids and refill the engine, check the lines, them put her in the water.climb innothing yourself. get a mechanic, he must check the oil and replace it. secondly the any signs of corrosion have to be checked. thirdly check for lubrication of the parts. always have a first aid kit and a radio. check for gauges. pray to god.
Read papers and books on aerodynamics.AndiGravity's explanation is wrong from the beginning. . To wit: The shape of the wing is such that the top portion is rounder than the flat-ish bottom of the wing. . That shape, known as an "airfoil", forces the air above the wing to move faster than the air bebeath the wing. . THERE IS NO TIME DIFFERENCE, BUT A SPEED DIFFERENCE. . People familiar with weather maps know that a HIGH-PRESSURE area is associated with still air, or light breeze, but a LOW-PRESSURE area is one associated with high winds.. Back to our wing: Since the air flows faster over the wing than below it, it generates low pressure over the wing. . At the same time, the air under the wing is higher pressure, in effect lifting the wing. There you have it.The wings are shaped so that it takes longer for air to travel over the top of the wing than it does to travel under the bottom.  The time difference causes the air on the underside to "pile up", and lift the plane due to increased air pressure below the wing and reduced air pressure above it.  This effect is known as "Bernoulli's Principle".well explained Elan lotuswell when a jet hits anough speed there are things called flaps on the wings that send them in the air
Unfortunatly, if gas prices soared to $10.00 we would all still be driving because we all need our vehicles for everyday purposes. The high gas prices do su*k but what are we going to do about it? We need to get around some how and not everyone has alternate ways to get around.I actually bought another vehicle and a quad. and im going nucking futs. i can't afford all my toys anymore.I don't think people's driving habits will change that much since for most, driving is essential, so it won't matter what prices are. Unless there are any major changes where prices fly up high like never before, then people might find other transportation alternatives. However, we always try to find the gas station with the cheapest gas, and are prepared to drive a bit further just for that.I've been riding my bicycle more often instead of taking the car (I guess the nice weather helps)Has not changed at all. Going to Vermont for the Memorial Day weekend no matter how much gas is.For some reason I've been making mostly left turns. Weird.I just traded in my Dodge Ram truck and bought a Dodge Caliber - saving a lot more money now, even though the gas prices are higher.i think my driving has actually increased but im spending more wisely on other stuff now.
High octane petrol is not good for all motor vehicles. If you have a high performance engine, it is necessary to prevent detonation which will ruin your engine.There is absolutely no advantage to putting high octane fuel in an engine that only requires regular gas. Higher octane levels in gas actually makes the fuel burn slower to prevent detonation due to higher compression ratios.this is a higher refined fuel, burns hotter and cleaner in your engine, less deposits in combustion chamber.
time to see a mechanic.Ok this is just a suggestion, and I may be wrong, but it could mean you should have a mechanic check the engine.well i dont know how much experience i have but i can tell you about my truck. the engine light is on all the time since i baught the thing and i havent had a problem with it yet i believe its just a computer problem, if you turn your car off and unhook the battery cable at the negative end and wait 30 seconds it should reset but if not it could just be the computer.It's your o2 sensorcould be a lot of things.  The "check enginge" light means that something along the way isn't exactly right.  If you checked your oil, try checking your trans fluid.  Its the other dipstick on the engine block.  Try checking your air, fuel (wait till the car is TOTALLY cooled off), and oil (will require changing your oil) filters.  Could be one of those.  Check your brake fluid, as well as your radiator fluid and resevoire.  Also, check the fuses, both under the steering wheel and under the hood, for any burnt out fuses.. . Its hard to tell what it could mean if something is not OBVIOUSLY wrong.  If its not doing anything funny, then just call a mechanic or the dealer and see if at sometime in the near future you can go get it put on the Diagnostic tester.  It will cost you a chunk of change (especailly if you go to the dealer), but they will defanitely be able to tell you what is going on.  Also, give it a week or two, it might just be a glitch, it might just simply work itself out.Usually the "Check Engine" light on most cars comes on when there is a problem with the emissions systems.  I can't give you any better details though because it could be like 300 different things. Go to a mechanic and ask him to run your codes, or buy a code reader, called an OBD Scan Reader. They run from $50-150 at any auto parts store, and can be used over and over again; when you plug it into your car's fuse box, a number comes up on its screen. You get a book with the code reader; simply look up the number and you know what your problem is!You should bring it to me i am a mechanic, i will charge you extra for asking this question.Yep...what they saidA myriad of issues. Go to a mechanic and tell 'em what's up. Better safe than sorry.usually the check engine light means you have an emissions problem.it means either your oxygen sensor or mapp sensor are going bad. take it to a mech and he can reset it.In my experience, it's related with emission system, most likely a sensor.could be lots of things, the car will need to be scanned and pull the code From the computer, the code will point you in the right direction to correct the problem...note take it to a qualified mechanic that knows what they doing..DON"T let a discount auto part store(AUTO ZONE) fool with your car...they don't work on cars and cause more damage them good..I do this for a living...don';t get worried until you get the results it's not always something major..good luckCheck Engine can mean alot of things.  Take the car to a mechanic.CHECK ENGINE WOULD BE THE MOST COMMON ANSWER....BUT....MAYBE YOU SHOULD CHECK YOUR HEAD IF YOU HAVE TO ASK THISgo to the nearest auto parts store and have them check the code, then they can tell you why its coming on.Get a mechanic to check the code.  If you know a mechanically inclined person that knows what they're doing they can get a code reader from auto parts store and check the codes.  It is alot cheaper than taking it to the shop.When the check engine light comes on it usually means there is a concern with one of the engine control sensors ranging from the  cap being loose to the cat converter plugged or even the transmissionYou have a bad connection somewhere? Take it to autozone, they can check it for free.it could be as simple as a gas vapor leak on your gas cap.also might be a sensor, oil press.temp.i dont think it's major problem at this pointYES IT IS SAFE TO DRIVE MORE THAN LIKELY IT IS THE O2 SENSOR. IF IT ISN'T ON CONSTANTLY THEN ANYONE WHO SCANS IT MAY FIND IT DIFFICULT TO GET A CODE. SOMETIMES THEY WON'T LEAVE A HARD CODE IN THE COMPUTER. YOUR DAD SHOULD HAVE A CODE SCANNER AT THE SCHOOL TO CHECK THIS FOR YOU. DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT TO MUCH JUST HAVE IT CHECKED SOON.It could be a few things, the best thing to do is have the code read, then you would know where to start looking. By the sound of it, one of the sensors attached to the enging is loose, or needs replaced.  But to cut a few hrs of testing them all, just have the code read, most local parts stores can help you, some repair shops will help, but theres a small charge for this.U MAY NEED TO ADD OIL...TRANS FLUID..OR CHANGE FILTERS
Most of the noise you hear comes from the back of the brake pad that lays against the cylinder. shims or Brake Quiet applied on the back of the pad. Did they machine your rotors and drums.  Did they use Original Equipment parts or after market.. So many questions that need to be answered.Unfortunately you didn't describe the noise. If you had, I could have helped.You don't say what year your car is but newer cars have non asbestos brake linings and they can be noisey. If it's brake squeal it can be stopped and I would be taking your car back to the repairer. However, it will come back over time as disc brakes are characterised by their noisey nature. Jules. Mechanic. Australia.If it is squeaking and the brakes are new it should fade rather quickly when the new pads set.you should repost this wiht what kind of noise it isd making if it is squeaking it will be fine some pads just squeek especially cheap pads and semi metalic pads  ceramic is one of the only was to do away with the squeek and spraying the back of the pads with brake silencer not the pad side !!!!
First disconnect the NEGATIVE wire off the battery! Then remove the wiring to the starter noting where they went in the first place, remove the two starter mount bolts and braket mount bolts and remove the starter! Its that easy, then reinstall it as reverse procedure, make sure you torque the bolts right when it goes back. I suggest you get a technical manual from GM if your going to work on your car, look up Helms books online and you can order discs or manuals for it that will help you!the simpliest answer, is to go to a library, and find either a motors manual or chilton manual, and follow the procedures. It should include, taking off the ground from the battery (no sparks) then diconnecting the wires from the starter/solenoid, then 2/3 bolts to remove it. You might have to do other things depending on which engine you have.if this car is using the 3.0 engine  maybe you need tyo take the front exahust to remove the starter. and dont fot get to desconect the negative battery cable to prevent damage to the computer.
I once had a neon that i wanted to spoil too, and started but didn't get as far as you! sounds like your car looks awesome!funnyAsk this question when you turn 22lmao. "dodge neon" that's funny stuff!Because it has never been next to my truck.Your parents didn't show you enough affection.
nope sorry i caould not help....really im sorryPut an ad in the paper, or put up flyers in the area.  Ask people that live or work in that area.  Get a TV or radio station to help out.... . Sorry it happened.missed it
you can get a seat that is not as thick, or you can change shocks to a shorter shock, but that will mess up your suspension geometry. i suggest you get use to it or get a different bike.. . P.S. you could also get a fat woman to set on back, but remember to wear a helmet so no one knows who you are.the suzuki dr650se (depending if you need that displacement) has the option of lowering the seat height if required.You should sue the government for building the pavement to close to your butt.. . Or.   Drop the forks thru the triple clamps 1 - 2 inches, and adjust the ride height on your rear shock as low as it will go, you can also back off the spring preload, which will let the tail end of the bike sag more undere your weight.. . This will probably not be the ideal suspension settings for performance handling, but will get you a little clser to terra firma for a few hous of tinkering.
people work a pretty good distance from their houses.  thats why nobody rides bikes.  my dada ha a 45 minute commute to and from work every dayWe don't live in villages like they do in other countries.  We need a car to get to the places we want to go.Perhaps you should start a bike trend going and they might make more bike lanes!. . VIVA LA REVELUTION BIKES!America has gotten extremely lazy in the past century. However, it may depend on your area. In some areas there are plenty of bike paths. Other than that, people will simply much rather drive then exert themselves, especially considering where they have to go. It would probably cost the city more than it would be worth.what was that
you are going to need more air , more fuel biger injectors and some type of computer pigybag or the greddy e-managment . becasue your computer have the fuelcut off . good luck with the big turboSee that manual? It wasn't just made to gather the drool from your mouth.
SE is Special Edition (witha little more options, but not quite up to the level of SLE which is Special Luxury Edition)  (Or SEL for Mercedes). SX is Special Sport Edition , but they use X for Sport so they don't run into lawsuits involving certain Chevy models with a copyright on the SS logo.(Many companies use "X"). There is also SEX which is Special Edition Sport, or LX which is Luxury Sport.Trim levels. Same as LT...LS...XE...etc etc.Nothing, exactly. Each manufacturer gives thier own meaning to a given trim level. SE usually is a higher trim level on most cars, but some models have even higher trim levels. With the US automakers there are designations that you can be pretty sure are the highest (R/T for Dodge, SS for chevy, GT for Ford) but even at that, it's not 100% (the Shelby Mustangs were higher-end than the Mustang GT, for example.) The only way to really know is to find the breakdown for your particular model of car, from your particular year. You could go to http://www.kbb.com and look up a used car value. when you do that it will give you all of the trim levels available that year, and you can see which are a little more gussied up.SE doesn't always stand for special edition.  SE and SX are simply two different trim levels specifying what kind of equipment the vehicle comes with.SE is special edition, i dono the 2nd one
I presume you'd want to take a Marc Train.  Find the station nearest you & either get off at Greenbelt or Union Station.  You may have to take the Metrorail, but both stations are right in the vicinity.I think the Washington Metropllitan Transportation Authority(WMATA) has a Metro light rail station in or very close to the Owings Mills area...check it out...It is easier to call a cab.Wish I could help but the only train i know of that goes to DC is the MARCtrain.. I ususally get the MARCtrain from downtown.... sorryyesyou listen to the intercom on the train....thanks for 2 pointsBuy a ticket and look at the train schedule. It is not rocket science. Trains have been carrying passengers since the early 19th Century.
Mercedes  .  Models with 14mm bolts 1994-05 110 ft-lbs  .  All other models 1994-05 80 ft-lbsThe wheel Bolt Torque for your car should be 100 ft/lbs.. I`m sure if you ask and Benz dealer they can tell you guaranteed.Trust me i`ve been around Benz a long time.
this is not the question...the question is "is there a GOD?" but if ur askin about the GOD that we worship in diffrent names, that is because we have to believe in the highest power for us to abide the rules and be better people...There is a god because we are made by godsister U got 2 be very young 2 believe that look around U Earth quakes Floods,Tsunami where is God did he take a break on there side of the World or WHAT! DUDE think about it what GOD where is he ?What makes you so sure there is one?My cat's breath smells like cat food.BECAUSE ICECREAM HAS NO BONES.Who tell you there is a god?am sure thr wudnt beThere is a God because people cannot accept that this pathetic life they are living is all there is. They cannot accept that this is as good as it gets. They don't want to believe that when they die it's game over. They want to think that they will live on, and go to a better place. Some big party in the sky. That is why there is a God, because people cannot enjoy the one life they are given.Why is there human beings?  you are asking the question as if you are superior than God, you even spell his name starting in a small letter. The big question should be why are human beings on Earth, is it because so we can live our lives at the expense of other species, for example overfishing and animal extinction or at the expense of the environment, for example pollution, deforestation and global warming.  Why are we really here, I think the reason is so we can destroy the environment peacefully and slowly.  Truth be told is that we will never know the real reason why there is a God.Dumb question.. . Why is there a YOU?There is a God to explain what we cannot.God exists/. The bad things happening is caused by men/. There are a lot of things we don't understand/ we just have to believe/ Let's do good.so we can say god dam itThis question belongs in mythology and folklore.everywheresomehow, a religious is open to everyone. There's god or there's not will be ONLY depending on their faith, trust and sincerity. So your question, why is there god should be in your MIND now. =D
It is usually a road that doesn connect with another major road.  On the map, it looks like a rooster's spur coming off of a highway.The only spur I know of is a railroad spur, a short length of track on which a train can "park" away from the main track for the purpose of loading/unloading freight, etc.  This leaves the main railroad track free for train traffic.  Hey, say, "railroad track free for train traffic," fast three times!
i don't know what yr or what brand of auto you have but you take the tire off then the caliper off then the rotor it is very easy but try to talk to some people before you do it look at some books you will need basic tools c clamp maybe a torx driveryou allso should replace the brake pads its standerd if you dont your roters will get damaged because now you have two different surfaces one smoth and one roughgood luck once you do it the first time youll be a prodepends on the type of vehicle, if you are not experienced i wouldnt take a chance doin it yourself, cos brakes are safety related.  normally if you take off the calliper off the rotor will only be held on by 1 or 2 retaining screws but somes models req you to take off the whole hub and this will req specialsit tools
Simple : The term 2.4 l is to indicate capacity of the engine, i.e. 2.4 l or 2,400 cc. This refers to internal combustion engine, either petrol or diesel.. Rather complex : The capacity of an engine comes from multiplication of "bore" (the diameter of a cylinder) with "stroke" (the travelling distance of a piston within a cylinder), and multiply again with no. of cylinder of the engine.total cylinder displacement specified in liters
usually you aquire these when your shock asorbers begin to wear out. uneven tread on the tires usually on the inside of the tire.It means there is a weakened spot on your tire where the bulge is, and your tire is going to blow soon. It's similar to when a person has an aneurysm on an artery and it blows.  Replace your tire before it's too late. I speak from experience.means if you have a knot of rubber inside of your tire where the tire has come apart so it sticks out abnormall, or if you bump curbs you get a tire bulge on the sidewall. hope this is what you mean.. laterThe inner liner of the tire has been damaged and is letting air pass through to the outer plys. Usually caused by hitting a pothole or curb. If you drive on it at highway speed, the heat generated by the road can cause it to blow out. Replace it, pronto.Replace the tire. Enough said.
its actually located on the driver's compartment, some mechanics call it a sphincter valve. It's necessary to use a left handed metric Phillips screw driver to remove the cover and check the fluid...there isn't a dipstick so you have to use your finger...when you pull you finger out and there is anything on it, you'll need to get a bucket of steam and dump it in there to clean it. put the cover back on and you'll be OK.....GOOD LUCK....if you have any other questions please feel free to ask...It's also commonly called the Kanooter valve and it's the valve you have to take off whenever you need to add more blinker fluid to your vehicle.check the muffler bearings too!
The motors are the same, the drive train is different. The 350 has a stronger axles and rear end.SizeThe F-250 is a 3/4 ton truck. The F-350 is a 1 ton truck. The difference between the two is simple, the 250 has light duty spring packs, sometimes with helper springs, sometimes with not. The 250 has a 3,200lb payload capacity while the 350 has a 5,700lb payload capacity. Meaning that the axles, spring packs, frame and gearing are all much more stout in the F-350. Other than that, both have the 5.4L Gas V8, 6.8L Gas V-10, and the 6.0L Powerstroke Turbodiesel as an option for power. They both also have the option of 4 wheel drive, the Torqshift 5-speed auto or the ZF 6 speed manual. Many creature conforts are the same as well as body styling. . . Hope this helpsIdiots...It has more towing capacity because it has a suspension capable of hauling more weight. The available engines are identical between them.One may have a 6.1 ltr and the other a 7.3 ltr engine. The towing capacity is different due to weight transfer and gearing.
In relation to the carb, back out the mixture screw in the carb a turn or two. Take it out a half turn at a time then road test. Depending on year of manufacture, some carbs on newer bikes have the mixture screw sealed ( they are pre set at the factory) If it is a sealed unit take it to a mechanic. If you cant find the mixture screw take it to a mechanic.take it to a machanic
Your insurance company should be able to assist you in getting a settlement from his insurance company. They are not normally going to purchase the car for you, they will pay you a settlement that is supposed to be for the value of the car, any injuries you sustained and any other losses you may have had due to the accident.your best bet is talking to a lawyer,most will not charge you UNLESS YOU COLLECTHis insurance should pay for your rental car.Get your insurance agent involved, if you don't have insurance you cannot collect, at least in CA.  Your insurance agent/company will help you getting your car fixed or a payoff if it is totalled.insurance. if they dont want to pay get a lawyerYou need to get in touch with your insurance agent he should be able to set you up with what you need.. Good luckAnytime you get rear-ended, you're not at fault.  If the person has insurance they're responsible.  If they don't have insurance, check your own policy for un-insured motorist and your insurance company should cover the damages.
You can get one at an auto parts store. You can also check one out from your local library.You can find it here (next to last entry):Try Ebay.com, thats where I got mine.You can request one through the dealership or go to a Auto store some carry and some don't.You suppose to get it once you buy your car.Go and ask your dealer or those who sold it to you.Check your local library, they may be able to get the one you require from another library if they don't have it - and you don't need to pay for it!Best place I would go is eBay. They would have one and probably be the cheapiest for you. . . Good Luck!you know what, i dont care. And i know how to spell.
ok first and foremost are you talking about the brand RED FLAG or something else?It prevented 'Horseless Carriages' travelling faster then the speed of the man who, by law, had to walk in front of it carrying a red flag to warn others of its coming. Repeal of the act allowed what we now call 'cars' to travel much faster.
Have never seen any system for what side of the road (pavement?) people walk on.. . There was a guy lobbying for standardising it years ago but he was simply a nut.do you perhaps walk that side so that you can see oncoming trafficIt's a state law in Michigan that you walk on the left side so you are facing oncoming traffic. However when riding a bike the law says you must ride the same direction as traffic.
your best bet is to go to a dealerTake it to the dealer. They'll punch in the needed info. for some charge.Find a local repair shop that works on mazdas. Ususally these technicians used to work at a dearlership so they can program your transponder. It requires a couple twist of the ignition and thats about it
doing great here !  hope your having a wonderful day too!Poor, but getting used to it.hi .how are you i am fine....I'm doing well,thanks.How are you?Great,thanksJUST BUZZING HOW ARE YOU DOING SOME GREAT SEX SOONI'm Fine, How are You?Great,thanks . well . BYE BUH!!!!. =)Today I'm happy, and strangely enough, in a pacifistic good mood. I'm going to enjoy myself till my cynism and lack of faith in mankind and the world kicks in again.Just dandy, and straighter than a circle. How're you?terrible actually thanks for reminding me
Yhe po446 is a code for your emissions system.I believe thats a leak in the system.Not critical.Maybe gas cap?usually 2-3 things, your second answerer may well be right, on mine it's the oil pump going..po446 is a blocked evap canister vent. possible cuases are: evap vent solenoid stuck closed, a plugged kinked or pinched vent hose,shorted evap vent solenoid driver circuit,or a pluged evap canister. any one of the above need to be addressed to fix the problem. remember, it is a process of elimination.
anti lock brake somethin ratherSounds like you anti-lock brake module has failed. Go see a dealer. This could impair your braking power.i don't know what h47 is but ABS is anti lock brake system in any case this should be checked out by a professional brakes aren't a guessing game they are the most critical safety component on your vehicle sorry i cant be more helpful to you on this
Don't try to release the clutch fully. Release the clutch slowly until the car starts to move, push the clutch back in. If you need to move more, repeat. As you practice this, you will learn clutch control.Release the clutch VERY slowly. You may not even need to give it any gas if you let the clutch out very gradually.
My guess is the radio quit... sorry to tell you but the transmission is the next to go if it hasnt already. Get rid of that thing unless you plan on spending LOTS of time working on it & have LOTS & LOTS of money to put into it.JACK HAMMERno.  just the plastic trim around the radiotwo or three screws need to be removed from the bottom of the ashtray, underneath and the top snaps in above the radio. this is one piece that should onen the panel up completeley and you will have to remove the plugin from the ashtray light by twisting it off and the whole panel is free. should be obvious from there.
production of Jettas stopped in 1989. You must have been screwed up by the second hand car dealer. No radio works by insertion of a key. It says press the button on my manual which is a 1985 Jetta. The button is right in the middle of the front panel. Dont send me any points for the answer. Send ten dollar so that I can zerox the manual and send it to you.I don't know why someone thought the Jetta was no longer in production, but if you have a 1997, you may have lost power to the radio. The 'key' it is asking for could be the number combintaion to unlock the radio to function again.
because the manifold is not sealing to the heads,  this could be caused by warped manifolds.  my Son had the same problem and this was after the manifolds were resurfaced.. The problem was resolved by installing exhaust gaskets.You have to chick cylinder,piston , piston ring and  guide valve .change the head all you want.  sounds like you've got oil blowing by the piston.  take it out and do a valve ring job and see if that helps
Current technology for fabric coverings is dacron/polyester. Wicks aircraft supply sells Superflight and Ceconite brands of fabric and finishing materials.  Here's their catalog site...Interior fabrics or the fabric they used to cover the exterior with in ancient times?I am not sure what the question is asking but different airlines use different fabrics and colors for their aircraft interior.  I am not sure if the airline chooses which fabric maker to use or if the aircraft manufacturer gives the airline different choices.be more specific. i work for a helicopter company
The heat shields that are tack welded to the catalytic converter and exhaust system usually start making noises like what you are describing. This is pretty normal with age, but could indicate that a weld or two has broken. Have your exhaust system inspected.More than likly it is running a little hot sound like it lol. Take it in and have them check it out good.dont know much about the ford ranger , could it possibly be the exhaust cooling down ? just a thought as its under the car . the only other thing it might be is the suspension .After you turn your engine off it starts to cool down.  The clicking is just your engine parts contracting as this happens.it's a bomb.It's just the engine and exhaust pipe cooling down after being hot while you were driving. Nothing to worry about, all cars do it. Listen to someone else's car after they've driven it for a while to make sure.catalytic converter they always make that sound, it is cooling off, no worry!
It might cost you a little more but when you are dealing with something of which you know absolutely nothing, check a certified technician who is at a reputable tech shop. If things go wrong after, they are usually to shamed to hear you complain, so they correct their error immediately or they would have an error in the first place.Take it to another CERTIFIED technician.
Theoretically, they aren't. A mag-lev (magnetic levitation) train has a top speed limited only by the length of track.as eagles are faster than chickenThere's more friction (this will cause the train to slow down) between a train and the track than there is a plane and the air. Hence planes can go faster than trains (add into the equation that plane engines are generally much more powerful than train ones and now you should see why planes are faster than trains)Planes travel at a faster speed and usually take a more direct path to their destination.  Trains often make stops to load and unload passengers.  Also because they travel on the ground, trains have to weave through mountains.  Tracks sometimes have to work around established neighborhoods or roads.  Sometimes trains are not allowed to go fast in certain areas because there are a lot of cars travelling in that area.  Airplanes just fly above all of this.Moving an aircraft through the air is more efficient power wise than moving a rail car along tracks. Also a train is many times heavier than an air plane and the wheels and suspension are the main reasons. Also a train has to brake from time to time which limits the speed they can safely operate at. Airplanes use the landing roll-out to do the same thing.The worlds fastest train (at time of writing) is the Shanghai maglev train which tops out at about 267mph. Where as the massive Boeing 747 cruises along at 556mph making it twice as fast. And the greatest aeroplane ever to fly Concorde could fly at 1350mph which is five times faster than the train.trains are on tracks which contains more friction than a plane in the air.Simple answer:-. . Planes: Lighter, lower air resistance at altitude.. Trains: Heavier, cant go round corners on tracks at high speeds, no form of viable propulsion to achieve these speeds & need to stop to let people off every now and again!. . Bottom line is, the technology and infrastructure to allow trains to travel at 500 - 600 mph does not exist.becase they just are
call the highway patrol or local police departmentcall your local police station with as much information on the person that you have, name, address and phone number and if you can try to take a photo of the person behind the wheel of a car.  My mother was killed by a person driving while his license was suspended.  People will be grateful that you reported the person to the authorities.wait till they are on the road if you know their location call the local police for alert. they probably won't do anything thoughcall the policecall your local policeIf you are just doing that to cause someone trouble, you are a jerk.Ummm, that's nasty.  anyway, just walk into your police station and report his name, address and type of vehicle he is driving and see what they do about it..........that's about the only way.............call the cops....tattletale.take his registration plate number then call the copsCall crimestoppers on 0800 555 111boo to you for being a damn narc. boo this piece of shit!call the police.If this person is not breaking the law other than driving without a licenses, leave them alone! If they are drinking or have been drinking and driving drunk or under the influence or driving reckless then report them to the police, other than that leave them alone.
yes you can,but so much mods will be needed like custom motor mounts,exhaust and wiring,you might as well buy a new car,but yes it can be doneIt can be done...but WHY? a 90 Celica is worth...like nearly Zero...If you like 90 Celicas'...Just go buy one that runs.you can do it because i have a 1990 celica to but yes there will be alot of mods that you have to do for it to work but it can be done
Tough one. . . Try GooGone. . Or..Goofoff. . Do a test patch where it can't be seen first.. . Also, use a blow dryer on hot to melt the sticky.If its on glass rubbing alcohol or white vinegar should both work. If its on the vhrome of your car use a piece of wet aluminum foil it will take it off and it wont scratchpeel the bumper sticker off first very slowly then use peanut butter (no, no, no not chunky) to disolve the sticky left behind. Its messy but works well even on some scraches, just wash it all off with soap and water.try using "goo gone"... it works on some of the toughest stickers.I use a hair dryer to peel it off, then i use 3M Adhesive Remover(much faster than Goo Gone) to remove any glue.  If it is a painted part, use a microfiber towel to prevent any scratches(most auto parts have these towels for detailing.). . If the sticker is real old, soak it in Adhesive Remover for 10 or 15 minutes and use a credit card to peel it off.Goo-Be-Gone, it works great and it hasn't destroyed the paint job.Hi,. . Use the hair dryer.WD-40 works very well. Just make sure you wash it off with soap and water when you are done.heat up slightly with a hair dryer and you should be able to peel it right offtry using a hair dryer it works well on removing vinyl stickers and the like
They are weight limits in thousands of pounds. "10" is a weight limit of 10,000lbs. Most helipads are for private use only but marking them lets pilots now what they can support as emergency landing pads for helos that don't normally land there.It Means......" NOW SERVING NUMBER 24 , 25 , 26 , AD NEUSEUM......LOLHelipad numbers give the maximum weight in thousands of pounds that the helipad will support.. . Runways for fixed-wing aircraft are numbered for runway orientation.the numbers are a means to identify the helipad - specifically one amongst so many - there must be a licensing authority which allots these numbers and giving a clearance and certification - fit for landing. It is a visual aid for the pilot to land on the correct building/helipadThose numbers represent the degrees from which the prevailing wind blows at that site. You add a 0 to the number you see: for example, 11 becomes 110, and you will know that the porevailing wind at that spot comes from 110 degrees on the compass.Perhaps it's a way for the pilot the identify his destination?
Gearing refers to the ratio between speed and revs per minute.  Low gearing means high engine revolutions for the same speed.First off, that does not mean your car has no power, that just means its not for high speeds, a low gear on most vehicles is for towing or for steep inclines. You car has more power when its barely moving, that's how my dad puts it =). We used to have a Colorado and when we would tow heavy stuff we'd put her in low =-)! Hope this helps ya out.it means that your car is very slow, has no power to itYou know how cars have different gears?  The low gears are for power and towing and the High gears are for speeed.  Well your car was not meant for speed, which means it must have either a small motor or it was meant to tow or go off road.It's geared more for power and torque than it is for speed. Low gears are ones that turn slower under hugh engine rpms, using the horsepower of the engine to apply huge amounts of torque to the drive wheels.IT means that your car is a PIECE OF S*HIT and you need to FIX THE DAMN HELL OUT OF IT!!!!. JUST KIDDING..... it means that when you shift to speed positions your SHIFT KNOB doesn't function properly. you might wanna double check on this info by going to your near AUTO PARTS place!
I don't know what you are asking. If it is license plates, that is up to the state that the car is registered in. Sometimes people put covers over the license plates that alter the colors slightly.Probably because the yellow ones are reflective so would give more visibility of the car from the rear. It's not necessary from the front, because the headlights should give enough visibility.. . By the way, not many countries have it like this, the UK is one, I think France too. The Netherlands has yellow in front and back.
sense you replaced the hoses, why not take off one end of the pump outlet hose and see if coolant comes out when someone starts the car. only run it for a couple seconds.. . Garidor is right.If the upper radiator hose gets hot as the engine heats up then the pump is working.Make sure the radiator isn't cloged and you don't have a blown head gasket.also, make sure that no coolant is dripping from your tailpipe. if it is you either have a blown head gasket or a cracked head. freeze plugs can rust through and allow coolant to leak out slowly-thats what happened on my truck causing me to lose coolant.In some engines if you remove the thermostat the coolant does not get the chance to cool in the radiator. this will cause an engine to over heat. Another thing to check for is any moister on any cooling line in the system. if you are losing presure anywhere your car will over heat
the supra engine can fit in a number of cars.the car must be rear wheel drive for this to work.can fit in the toyota cressida,1981-1983 nissan datsun maxima,lexus sc300/toyota soarer,lexus gs,lexus ls,toyota crown(non us car) etc.remember the car must be rear wheel drive with a large enough engine bay to fit the 2jz...and no it cannot fit in an eclipse!!!!Almost any.  It is not a very large motor.  The problem will be the drive train and motor mounts.  If you are looking for a car that the motor mounts match up already I can't help you.The engine can fit in almost any car. The question is how much money are you willing to put in? I've seen a 92 Toyota MR2 with one, and i've also seen many 95- 98 BMW M3's with them.i would say Mitsbusi Eclipse
fatigue and/or corrosionA snap usually indicates a shock, in addition to other wear.  The shock could have came from popping the clutch or a sudden change in road surface.
Gears allow the same amount of horsepower to transfer more power or gas mileage as called for from the engine as needed.As an example a 20 hp. engine will be just as capable to complete a function as a 30 hp. engine if geared properly.Different gears are designed for raw power verses top speed.As gears are shifted great strength and brute force are gradually changed to lesser brute strength and more speed with less use of gas.The same engine in different gears produces different effect by use of different gears as needed. Hope this helps.man this is hard to explain without a diagram lol. ok ill try...... .   imagine there is one long rod with gears all the way down it, above this "main" rod, there are smaller gears hovering above it. when you shift , there are "forks" that place the chosen gear in place on the main rod.Tooth contact. One gear turns and transfers its energy to the other through tooth contact. When one gear is larger or smaller than the other the speed is changed. Gears can be used in a varity of applications to increase or decrease speed, power and direction (including reversing).
Long story short:. Support engine from above, disconnect steering coupler from rack/pinion, struts, calipers, drop cradle (half/whole), half shafts, starter, drop trans.. . Go to Autoparts store and get repair manual for more details. GOOD LUCK especially without a lift.call your mechanic
The invoice price is what the dealership paid for the car and just so you know..the invoice price is not inflated.  By law it cannot be.  If you are able to get a car at invoice it is an excellent deal but remember profit is not a bad word.  Car dealers need to make something on the deal.invoice is the price the manufacturer sells the car to the dealer; it is often falsely inflated and unreliable.. . use the following links to find out the real price cars are trading for.. . Good luck!. . PS. gee, Lisamarie... how can a dealer afford to sell at invoice and cover his lot costs and commissions?? A dealer MUST make a profit. Let's all try to keep that at about $200 per vehicle.msrp is what the car manufacture is asking and invoice price is what the dealer bought it for.the invoice price is what the car dealer paid the manufacturer. the msrp is what the manufacturer says the car dealer should charge you for the car.
When utilizing a free air subwoofer, the most important thing is to separate the front and rear waves of the subwoofer with something typically called a 'baffle board'. All this is a piece of wood cut to fit the vehicle. Cut a hole in the board and mount the subwoofer into it to isolate the front and rear waves of the subwoofer and you're good to go. You cannot simply lay it on your back seat, and as for the question of the 'holes' in your trunk, they should not affect the overall performance of the subwoofer (as long as the entire trunk floor is not rotted out).it doesnt u can lay it in the back seat and it will beat just as hard if u put it in the box. i had to 12in kicker comp's fre air that i put in a box and then one day i just wanted to see if they were realy free air and it sounds the same but they rattle more i woundn't get a real exsensive box just something to hold them in one spotIf the sub was designed for use as free air, i say go for it!. the more you seal off the little holes around the sub, the cleaner and more accurate it will play.  just my $0.02
if its a factory keyless entry system, those remotes on the 2002 alero have to be programed with a scanner, so you will have to take it to the dealership and have it done. you may want to try resyncronizing them though before you open your wallet. stand within 15 feet of the car and hold the lock and unlock bullons at the same time for 7seconds, if the horn chirps it worked, if not go to dealer.Check out Keylessride.com.Take all of your remotes to your closest dealership. They have to be programmed through the dealership's scanner & they have to have all of them.Look in your owners manual. It should be through your cars radio. It should be a setting up feature...thats how it works in my 2002 Impala.Put the key in the on posistion, push down the valet mode, (little button on the alarm under the dash)  hold down the alarm "arm"  Hold for 15 seconds. The alarm should arm..  If that doesn't work, go see the dealer.
It would cause the vehicle to backfire and possibly not start.clogs the exhaust system. Can cause blow your engine.exhaust wouldnt leave the cars engine, it would just cause a build up and would probably just fall out.if its a new exhaust with no leaks it could cause the head gasket to blow or at minimum a manifold gasket to leak  not good for carIf it's perfectly sealed inside of the pipe, it will block the exhaust gasses and I'd assume eventually cause the car to stall out when all of that spent gas and air can't go anywhere.  . . MOST IMPORTANTLY though, it will surely find the first leak in the exhaust system and will leak into the car.  Engine fumes are not something to mess around with--they're noxious and can kill someone.  Don't monkey around with someone's car like that, and save everyone the trouble.It won't do a thing. It's a potato for crying out loud. Not like welding a plug in the exhaust pipe. It will blow out as soon as the engine is started.makes one hell of a mashed potato bazukadrastic if it's deep enough :D
Each state is specific, you'll have to check with you state's DMV,. In CA, a Quad is not considered street legal so you can't register it as road legal here.Quads aren't legal on roads (which stinks), but DMVs to issue license plates and registrations for them similar to a motorcycle.
well first off make sure it full on oil and if there is no banging inside the motor, the wire could have come off and or faulty switch take to ford, or someone drained you oil out, and did not fill it all the way, or you could have run over something and u have a leak and don't know it ?Could be head gasket or in need of oil and filter change or oil pump going out or bad oil sending unit, needs to be checked out!!!If the oil light has come on, stop driving it immediately.  If you have lost oil pressure you need to have it looked at by a mechanic ASAPoil level is lowDitto to waterwidget - LISTEN TO HIM!  Oil is one of THE most important things you need to pay attention to on a car!You are either very low on oil, or you have an oil pump failire or defective wire to sensor or bad sensor for the oil.Lets assume you have ck'd your oil level, your oil has been changed sometime in the recent past and your engine is not knocking and smoking. High percentage probability is your sensor has failed.
a new version of car replacing the toyota Echo. gives it a renewed sound to attract customerstoyota's stock went down , so for a marketing promotion , they designed  the yaris , not much differnt from echo ,i personally think they are intimated by the scions, because i mean the little bubble one is like the xa and the coupe thing is like the tcYaris has been around overseas for some time now.
Do to the lack of information I can not be accurate. It could be a miss on one of the cylinders, Could be a weak fuel pump. Could be a clogged injector, could be the toqure converter (if it's an automatic) could be a bad or worn motor mount, could be bad fuel, clogged fuel filter, could be a stuck choke. But again with the information you gave I can not be sure.Please give more details.  What sort of car or truck and what year, etc.It is a vacuum leak I guarantee it. Trust me on this.sounds like its either a caliper hanging up or a bad rotor.by your light coming on it might have something to do with your abs,if you got anti-lock brakes.get it serviced at a auto shop they will tell you the good news and the bad news then you will know every thing about your car.... .  it is time to get it serviced  save the time and cash and just do it before some thing realy goes wrong.......Its probably about to get the flu and is shaking because it feels cold.  (just kidding).. Not a lot of info. here, however,  It looks like there is a significant problem given that your service engine light is flashing.. . As a general rule, the service engine light will lit steady when the computer detects a problem that should be taken care of at your earliest convenience, and will flash when the problem requires immediately attention. Check your owners manual, it is likely that you should stop driving the car and get a qualified tech. to look at it before further damage occurs.Hey there by the sounds of things it may be your timing out and you may be due for a tune up like new spark plugs ,wires and distribitor cap and rotor take your car in and have this work done and that should fix your problem or your could have a motor mount gone have your motor mount checked out first and if thats all good then you need a tune up done i hope this info was help-full for you
Watch your head, chest, fingers. The whole concept of a warning light is to notify you that there is a problem in one system or another..The light on means that there is a problem in the system. The only RE-SET is to clear the trouble codes, either with code reader or a computer analizer that most garages have..If you want start poking around with the wire harness or plugs put on your helmet on and stand way back. If set off the bag with your head near it it will take a chunk out of your head. On the bench they can be deadly!!!!!go to auto zone, advance or oreily. they scan and reset for FREE. no kidding.
try following the positive battery cable it should go straight to it.For most cars when you follow the + cable you should find it.It's easy to replace.If you will do so remember to disconect the battery before doing it.You tap on it most of the time it works.But you can't keep doing it for everFollow the + cable from the battery and it will end there. However, if you "tap" on the starter, you could damage the magnets inside ite and it will never work. Call a mechanic!V.6 or 4 cyl?i own a repair shop,and it would have helped to know the engine size of it,,good luck on it,either way its on the bottom of the car and will probably have to come off from under neath of it,,good luck with it.with the keyThe starter is NOT hooked up to a belt as skweek claims.  It will be on the end of the engine that attaches to the transmission, and usually on the bottom of one side or the other (not centered under the engine).  It will be a large cylinder (roughly the same diameter as a quart paint can, and usually a bit longer), and will likely have a smaller cylinder attached to it (generally above the larger one) with a few wires connected to the end that is away from the transmission.  They are not always easy to get at, but if it is wearing out and won't start the car (with a good battery), tapping on it will usually get it to work.  It will usually also indicate that it needs to be replaced soon, so if it stops working and you need to tap on it again consider that.  As several other people have said, the positive battery cable runs directly to the starter, so if its entire length is visible you can trace it that way.  If not, jack up the car and crawl  underneath (you'll probably have to go under to be able to tap on it anyway), but make absolutely sure to support it with jack stands, not just the jack!  I have heard too many stories of jacks failing and dropping cars on people.  I hope this helps.
chauffeurs license...operate bus or small truck or limosine etc..Class B  means you can drive a vehicle over 25,000lbs and pull a trailer under 10,000lbs.. Class A is the same but you can pull a trailer over 10,000lbs.driving cars with max 8 seatsMotor vehicles with a MAM not exceeding 3500kg having not more than 8 passenger seats with a trailer up to 750kg. Combinations of towing vehicles in category B and a trailer, where the MAM of the combination does not exceed 3500kg and the MAM of the trailer does not exceed the unladen mass of the towing vehicle. . As cars, but with automatic transmission
Trucks that are overweight need an R permit.  You'll occasionally see signs before a bridge that says "No Trucks with R Permit."  That means that the bridge cannot safely support the load of an overweight truck.R  means restricted . It means that the truck is permitted(he paid for a permit) and is carrying over 80,000 pounds to 100,000 pounds. He is restricted to certain highways where there are stronger bridges and roads.
Time to change brakes or clean rotors the sound comes from a piece of metal on the edge of the brake pad when the pads get thin the metal rubs the rotor letting you know to changeThere are number pf possibilities what could be wrong, for example, the prake pads worn to the limit and the wear sensor is touching the rotor, or the brake rotor is deeply scored.. Either way for your safety take your car to a mechanic to check your brakes asap - if pads are worn, it's possible that brakes won't be there when you need them.It has probably gone beyond the annoyning sound of  brake pad warnings, to the terrible sound of rotors being destroyed.You could need a break job, pads, rotors, and calipers. You could need a wheel bearing possibly. Struts, ball joints are also a possibility. You need to get your front and rear end checked out as soon as possible because it could cause an accident.Because your driving on the runway.What you are hearing is called brake grind..  Brake pads have been long worn out and now there is no friction material left of the pads so the metal backing plates are being ground into your rotors. Most likely, you also have a pedal pulsation under your foot when braking. This means your rotors are completely worn out. They are too thin and are warped..  If left alone, the next thing to be damaged are the calipers..  And this is provided you have not crashed into someone or something first..  Your car is broken, get it fixed or stop driving it until it is fixed. It is a hazard
Call a junk yard...sometimes they will give you some money for it and haul it away for you...dont expect much more than around $50.00 tho, if that much...good luckScrap prices are up high right now if you want to sell it to a crusher.  The catalytic converter will bring between $50 and $275 depending on size, aluminum wheels bring about $15 each, and by weight here cars bring $4 per hundred pounds which would bring about $100-150 depending on size of your car.  You can also take pics of it and sell it locally or on ebay and most likely get decent money out of it no matter what its condition.  Lots of people out there would buy junk before they would take a good car at the same price.No one is going to allow you junk your car w/o title. Spend the money and get the title. Give to Purple Heart and deduct what ever you can.try donating it to charity.
6mm is the thickness of the composite material remaining on your brake pads , replacement is recommended when 2mm thickness is reached. Any measurement below 3mm is a warning to replace your brake pads before they fail. Brake pads below 2mm can crack and fall apart causing a metal to metal condition causing rotor damage and safety concerns not to mention the cost.I would listen to Dodge man, but I would also go to another shop. They should explain everything on that slip of paper to you. Not just hand it to you and let you figure it out on Yahoo Answers. You paid them right?6mm of brake lining remaining, your OK for a while yet.well in europe that would mena thats theres 6mm thickness on the front discsi own a repair shop,and their probably referring to the thickness of the rotor on it,and yes that is bad if that's all that's left of it,but that's what they mean by it,,good luck,i hope this help,s.most manufacturers recomend replacing the brakes at 2 or 3 millimeters. 6 mm means you are ok.
Consult some auto engineer pleaseits the parameter to measure the power of the automobiles. its not always "the bigger the better". it depends on your needsThe size of the engine. Cubic Centimeters instead of cubic inches.That's correct ! Displacement of the piston within the cylinder of the engine in one stroke. Basically this indicates the power of the engine , and also the consumption of fuel. The higher the cc rating the higher the power, and higher the fuel consumption. Power available at the cost of fuel econimy !Cubic Centimeters of displacement in the pistonscc is cubic centimeters... i.e a volume measure ... :) .... . . if you say a car has a 4.5 L engine .. its a 4500 cc enginecc is nothing but a cubic centimeters. this is the volume of a cylinder . if it is more it will give more power and more fuel consumption..CC is an abbreviation for CUBIC CENTIMETERS. This is the volume of the cylinders of the engine, or the DISPLACEMENT. Typically the bigger the CC rating, the more powerful the engine. Bigger is not always better, but they always say, "there is no replacement for displacement" <grin>cc i.e cubic centimetre is the volume  of the cylinder . so, 125 cc means the volume of the fuel that can be contained in the cylinder is theoritically 125 cubic centimetre..similarly 150,180,220..etc.As more fuel can give more power...more the cc , more power can be developed.ok..practially , the volume of cylinder may be less than the cc value.ie. 125 cc have lesser cylinder volume than 125.but the cc value is not a measure of mileage,speed etc. hope u got the idea...keep asking questionsThis refers to engine capacity/size.Dear friend, C.C means cubic centimeter of the volume of cylinder in the engine. In olden days a simple calculation was 100 c.c engine is called one H.P. But now because of various improvements in design a 100 c.c engine can develop even up to about  8 H.P power at its higher speeds.For multi cylinder engine cubic capacity of one cylinder multiplied by the number of cylinder is called its total cubic capacity.a normal 100 c.c engine can take a load of about 150 k.g. and can run at the speed of 80 kilo meter per hour.It's your engine size and capacity.  150 is more powerful, and will give you more speed.cc is cubic centimeters(cylinder capacity)...i ride a 03 kawasaki mean streak(1500cc)
Its easy to change but hard to get at,. Look for the pulley that  the top of the belt rides on it. The ribbed side will be facing up. It has a notch near the end of it where a socket wrench can fit in it but your arm might not be able to reach it. I use a solid piece of pipe and try to press down enough on the top of the pulley to gain some slack in the belt so I can pull it off from another pulley. Depending on the way your belt travels is how you determine which way to push or pull the pulley.. . Good luck...look for the tension pulley, it has a hex nut, that a socket and breaker bar can release the tension to let the belt slack off. You may find help to do this, as it is easier with a third hand.You can't change the serpentine belt.  It really has to want to change.When you go to the parts store and buy the belt get a cheap repair manual from the rack for your vehicle. Cost is about $12. It will give you easy to follow instructions with pictures and then is ready for the next repair you have to make. I am not a mechanic and don't have money to pay one and with this book, I can fix anything.Jeep or Ford/GM? . . GM has an auto tensioner which when moved away from the belt (i cannot say counterclockwise or clockwise because it can change). it will loosen the belt. usualy you can stick either a 1/2 breaker bar or a 3/8 ratchet into the provided "hole" to move the tensioner. . . instalation is reverse of removal but keep in mind the routing of the belt, OR locate the belt routing diagram under the hood. some come with extra routing options when certain accesories are installed. know what you have installed before you reroute the new belt.. . . JEEP/chrysler (some models)these you usualy have to loosen 2-3 bolts on the power steering pump and push the pump toward the engine. keep in mind the belt routing. if you are inexperienced in the automotive area it is advised you leave the Jeeps and chryslers to an experienced person be it your neighbor kid whos wrenchin on his tuner all the way up to a dealer because belt tension settings on these are crutial.
The belts are slipping.  You will need to replace them (or it if it is just one serpentine belt).  You can, as a temporary measure spray some belt dressing on the traction surface of the belt (the inside)  as the engine is running (and be careful so as not to get your hand or sleeve caught in the spinning wheels) which will improve the belt's grip for awhile.  Also if the belt(s) have a manually adjutable tensioning system (as opposed to a spring-loaded tensioner wheel) you can simply tighten the tension a bit and take up some of the slack so that the belt(s) does not slip any more.Usually when it starts squealing like that, it's probably the timing belt. That usually gets replaced every 60,000 miles or so. Get that checked before it snaps.When does it make the sounds? It could be the pullys going out or bearings in the pullys or what they are attached to.  I could also be sumthing simple as in getting a new belt/belts.If you think it's Pulleys then you most likely have a Loose Belt/Belts...Check for play and see if they are loose...If it really is a Pulley then it will most likely wobble when you grasp it...The bearings in Pulleys DO wear out........serpentine belt adjustment. had the same problem on my 97 jeep cherokee. Might even need to replace it but my bet is that its something with the belt.
If your vehicle appears in order, then swap the 2 front tyres.. then drive along the same stretch of raod if possible .. If there is still a problem then the wheels and tyres will be eliminated from the equation and it is time to start looking at the vehicle suspension.Could be your suspension.Very often there are two gooves in the road surface where the heavy vehicles run. You could have 'fallen into the groove'.. Try driving on a straight line, and take your hands off the steering wheel briefly to see if the car maintains a straight line. If it pulls left consistently, then you have a tyre or steering problem.If it does it when you release your brakes then it's you calliper or line..as your car is pulling to the left then i would check your left wheels.as your pad on this side are dragging(which ever point your pads are)well if we are going to be positive then we could say it was just a camber in the road. . however this is unlikely, and there is probably something wrong with the tyre, ask a mechanic to make sure it has been calibrated properly, or whatever that little metal thing does that keeps it levelCheck your tyre preassure's and try driving on the exact same stretch of road again as it could be a fault in the road surface and not your carSuspension - wear in suspension arm bushes - possible. Also steering geometry. I know everyone says mixing brands of tyres is OK - especially if they're selling you the tyre - but I always like to keep to the manufacturer's original equipment all round.Just tell them exactly what happened.. . They will have come across 'phantom' faults before, as well as stories about mechanics in a hurry who have missed a problem.. . A good mechanic will take your report seriously, inspect the car, and tell you whether or not they can find anything wrong. They might also let you have a look at the steering components while the car is on the lift, and explain what signs would identify a problem. If they find nothing, but you are dissatisfied with the explanation, get a second opinion.. . Please don't lose any sleep over it. The guesses that I or anybody else can offer you in cyberspace have even less chance of being right than the roadside mechanic. A thorough inspection on the garage ramp is likely to show up the cause of the problem, in a way that driving the car up and down would not.Get a garage to check your steering gaiters this may affect your driving also it is advise that if you have to change a tire then you should change both IE 2 front or back that may be your problemQuite often this is the blast from trucks even coming in the opposite direction let alone alongside. Not only that they make grooves in the road the width of THEIR wheels apart and a car tends to roll across the hump which drags the steering. Also they drop loads of oil so your tyres do not grip well when you get on the oily patch.. RoyS
There is oxygen at higher altitudes. Just not as much as there is at ground level. Jet engines, suck in huge amounts of air, thereby getting enough oxygen to burn with the fuel.da_royal is correct. For propeller (piston engine) planes, they use superchargers to compress large quantities of air to get enough oxygen to run. Eventually, you assend high enough and the air it too thing for aerodynamics to work (and low on oxygen) for combustion engines like piston and conventional jets. That's where rocket engines take over. They carry both their own fuel and oxydizer to burn and produce thrust.They are in right, Engines work with the oxigen they find although it is less, in fact the engines performances decrease with altitude.the fuel that we use is higher octane and therefore, it needs less oxygen to combust at a higher altitude.For piston engine airplane, they use supercharged method or turbo to compress more air to engine.  However, above 10k ft even a turbo and supercharged enginer will not be efficent.  So, piston engine airplane is designed to fly less than 10k ft. . . As far as jet engine, they lose engine power as altitude goes up.  But as higher altitude with less air density, the drag will go down as well.  Therefore less engine power is needed for crusing at high altitude.For what it's worth: the limit on altitude is a complex relationship between the decreasing thrust of the engine with altitude, the decreasing speed of sound, the decreasing temperature and the aircraft minimum flying speed.  . . So at high altitude the plane is near its maximum Mach number (aircraft like 737s and A320s cruise a around M0.8 and max out around M0.85). At 42,000 feet that's about 230kias which isn't far above the minimum 'clean' speed of the aircraft. So if they go much higher their mach limited maximum speed decreases to the point where they can only just hold altitude. . . Conversely, at high altitude the engines burn much less fuel and the ground speed is much higher than their indicated air speed. 230kias at 42,000 feet is something near 500kts true air speed.. . The incident report below illustrates how close aircraft fly to their limits, the sequence starts with an engine failing to accelerate and results in an uncontrolled descent from 41,000 to 9,500 feet with heavy damage to the airframe.For the jet enginess that suck in  a huge amount of oxygen its not as much of a problem. But even for those high flyers there are altitude limitations. Most commercial jets dont go over 45k feet. while the SR-71 would exceed 100k feet. Little combustion engines like the 172 that I fly usually top out around 13-14k feet.Well if you are talking about a piston type of aircraft engine they can only fly at altitudes where there is enough oxygen in the air to maintain combustion. As the aircraft climbs higher & higher, the performance of the engine will change & be less efficient, so we have a mixture control, so we can adjust the fuel/air ratio, & compensate for the thinner air.  That helps at relatively low altitudes, but if the aircraft is intended to fly at even higher altitudes the engine is fitted with a turbocharger, which is like an air compressor, that feeds more concentrated air into the engines air intake.. Now jet engines are another matter because by their design they already have multiple compressor stages built into them, so they are already capable of flying to great altitudes, but still require some amount of oxygen, so they are limited as to how high they can fly.. For an aircraft to be able to fly beyond the Stratosphere it would require a rocket engine. Rocket engines carry their own oxygen supply, so they aren't dependant on an external air source for combustion.
Remove the guage pod - then take the back cover off of it.It's a hassle. You've got to drop the front bumper cover to get to them.change what about them? the color?. . pull the gauges out and change the bulbs..theres usually 3..there usually 194s(size)
If your car has a knock sensor it may have gone bad.  Did you buy gas recently from a no name station?  You may just have a bad tank of gas in which case the knocking may disappear after a few good tanks.all late 80's to late 90's fords were famous for the mass air flow getting dirty and then causing a pinging niose that sounds like spark plug knock, take the cover off your mass air flow using a temperproof torx bit, size 15 I believe, you will see a small wire in the middle, clean it using brake cleaner, but dont touch it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, reinstall the cover, I hope this works for youit has a knock sensor. If it's out, and not entirely out, I would imagine that you could NOT get a check-engine light, and still not be sensing the right thing.. On the other hand, the computer may be hung up, which seems to be the case in other people's problems. Reset the computer, disconnect the battery overnight and take it on the highway, speed up and slow down to a stop a few times, and then drive it like normal.. I've had the spark plugs changed and the ignition timing checkedAdvance the timing slightly until it stops.  Also keep a light foot on the gas petal.It could also be that you installed the wrong heat range plugs. Did you get OEM replacements? Does it show the check engine light? If it is, it could be a faulty sensor which would potentially make the engine run lean and knock. Also, run some fuel injector cleaner, it could just be that they're clogged and the engine isn't getting its full dose of fuel. Similarly, check the fuel filter and make sure it isn't clogged.. . In the meantime, I'm not sure if the timing is adjustible on these new-fangled computerized cars, but you could try backing off the timing a bit if it is. You could buy octane booster, or instead hit a paint store and buy a large can of Toluene, the ingredient in octane booster, and add it to your gas in the same proportion as you would with a "real" octane booster.
Wise up and don't do the job if you are having to ask how,your life depends on the brakesi have changed them on bmw.fords etc. after taking wheel off remove the brake calliper could have 2 bolts that need unscrewing or some pins  that need pulling out.. once the calliper off the disc see what it needs to remove the disk should have nuts or screws,once you pulled the disc off  ,slide the new one on.. i would recommend that you change your brake pads as well so you got an even wear.Easiest way....take it to Kwikfit or similar!
laquer thinner or aircraft remover, you can get either one from your local autozoneOh dear!who has upset you enough to want to wreck their car?try paint stripper!The only way to do this without scraping the paint on your car is.  Sand down the spots of that car lacquer using 900 water sand paper, of-course with water using the palm of your hand. Let dry, then compound with a very soft compound using a low revolution electric or air buffer to bring back the full glaze of the paint.. . Class B car painter for nine years.Try acetone, may need more than one application.t f r   traffic film remover available from any good motoring shop
as the population is growing their is a lack of transportation so metro has contributed a lot in serving and due to its quality services and reasonable expenses it is very usefull to allcheap, goes almost everywhere, affordable, easy to get to, fast,.  and doesnt get stuck in a traffic jamnot rush as bus , comfortable, with ac and many morePlanning answers your question, it's necessary for every city and growing towns. So city planners sit down and plan for the growth of traffic- human & vehicularIt helps alleviate traffic congestion, parking congestion, and pollution, and gives commuters some down-time rather than face the pressure of rush-hour traffic. Also, it helps downtown nightlife, as many people can leave their cars at home and not worry as much about how much they drink.It saves commute time a lot. Travelling from house to work is very easy. Just walk to the nearest station and take the Metro. Easy.
What do you mean "build up"? Do you mean "lace a wheel? Start out with a hub, rim and a hand full of spokes? If that's it, specify in your next answer. It's a long, complex procedure and I'm not going to type it out if it's not what you're asking.. http://www.dansmc.com/spokewheels.htmWith great difficulty, and skill.. I'd personally take it to a specialist who knows what they're doing.
The linkage might be out of adjustment. The engine/transmission moving a tiny bit forward when you stop, and then settling back could be enough to kick it out of gear.SOunds like a solenoid is weak, and can't hold its position.its slipping gears, your gonna need to have it rebuilt, or get a new tranny, it will only get worse
this is from a trucker. NO PLACE IS THE BEST PLACE... if the truck has a blow out it will tear the front off of your car or kill you. you won`t save enough gas to make it worth the risk.If you are just looking for a rush, there are more saner ideas than this one.. . I have seen tires come apart on trailers and those things go everywhere!!  And seeing as how you have a front row seat being that close, I guarantee you will have a rush along with possibly some pretty serious damage to your car's body.. . It really isn't a very safe place to be.2 differnt spots . up tight and after the wind collasp .the latter is safer .Way too close.sure if you get behind a semi you can save a little money in gas but the tires on the trailers arnt the best in the world and if 1 blows the 50+ lbs of rubber hitting your car wont be worth it plus it could cause you to have a wreck and would you like someone right on your ass ? i know i dont so why do it ?
The most simplified version is: (in this order). Green - Proceed, the next signal will be showing a proceed aspect.. Double Yellow - Preliminary caution, the next signal will be showing a cautionary aspect.. Single Yellow - Caution, be prepared to stop at next signal.. Red - Stop.. Just for info, the yellows are yellow, not amber as in road traffic.Green= go.. single orange=proceed with caution.. double orange=proceed but stop at next signal.. red= stop do not proceed.OK, firstly, the signals are at approx. 1 mile apart - each section of line between them is known as a block and only one train is allowed in each block. . . As a train passes a signal, it turns it to red, which means stop. Assuming there are no other trains for at least 3 miles behind, the signals behind also change to double amber (proceed, but next signal is at red), then single amber (proceed with caution) and green (proceed).The important thing to remember is that a train can take a long time to stop, since the friction between steel rail and steel wheel is nothing like that between rubber tyre and road. So some form of train control is essential. Every railway line is divided into 'sections'. A section may be many miles or just a few hundred yards. Only one train is allowed on each section at one time.The  start of each section is protected by a signal. This is called the home signal. Some way before each home signal is a 'distant' signal. This warns the driver what to expect the home signal to be showing. If the distant is at danger he can therefore slow down ready to stop at the home if that is red. Traditionally signals were simple semaphore arms (with a red or green lamp for night time). Many still are. This means that by each set of signals there is a 'signal box' containing the signaller. His or her job is to regulate the trains using his signals (and change points as necessary). To do this he has pull on a manual lever. He is in contact with the signal boxes either side of his at all times - thus he knows whether or not trains have cleared the section his signals are protecting. . Obviously this is very labour intensive, so most main lines nowadays are controlled by electric colour light signals controlled remotely by a centralised signal box. There is a telephone by each signal though. When a train comes to a stand by an electric signal, after a short time you may notice the driver alight from the cab to speak to the signaller on the phone. This is just to report he is there and possibly find out what the delay is. Afterwards the driver or guard may come on the intercom and announce what the delay is and how long the train will be there.  Signals and points are 'interlocked'. This means that a signaller cannot change a set of points allowing one train to cross the path of another without that set of points being protected with a red signal. The British system of signalling has been modified constantly since early Victorian times and is virtually fool proof. The only real danger comes from a driver missing or ignoring a signal at danger. Even here there is an automatic warning in the cab of the train to remind the driver. Often when travelling in the front carriage you will hear a ringing bell. This tells the driver the signal is green. However if it is red or yellow a hooter sounds. The driver has to acknowledge this by pressing a button. If he fails to do so the brakes are automatically applied.. Hope this helps. Though interested in railways I am by no means an expert on signalling!Check out this website:. . http://www.thortrains.net/handtalk.htm. . Hope that helps.They are just like Traffic Lights, Red Stop, Green Go, ah and Amber Proceed with caution.Sorry , I don't careWell it depends what country you're in.. For instance, in my country, Switzerland the meanings are:. * Green: Proceed at line speed. Expect to find next signal green or yellow.. * Yellow: Prepare for next signal to be at red.. * Red: Stop.. (This is with single lights). However in the UK you use a double light and so here are their meanings. * Green over Green: continue. * Green over Yellow: caution, next signal at green over red. * Green over Red: caution, next signal at stop. * Red over Red: stop and stay stopped. * Red over Red with small lamp lit: low speed, 25 km/h.. . Hope this helps,
hat if you never owe anything on your taxes each year then how would this work?. . how do you write something like a donated car off on your taxes as a regular citizen that is single no kids unmarried and working one job and dont own a house or anything. . . good luckDonate and cash don't go together. If you donate you are giving something away. I would try looking in your local Pennysaver or in the newspaper.the kidney foundation will give a receipt to use on your taxesWrite it off on your taxesIf you donate it to a school for their auto shop classes you can get a tax deduction.You don't get cash, but you get the blue book value deducted from your taxes.Not sure where you live but you can donate it to any not profit organization, purple heart, salvation army.. etc. and at tax time you can claim it for its blue book value and get cash back
Inside the cabin, on the driver's side, left of the steering wheel, near your left knees, you'll find a RED lever.  Pull it toward you.  You'll see the hood pop up just a little.. . Now, get out of your car and stand in front of the star.. . In the grill, usually right of the star, but third of the way down in the grill, you see a black lever.  Pull it.  Now, you see the hood pop up even more.. . Now, you should be able to pull the hood about 60 degrees up.  If you need to have it completely vertical, then go to the right side of the right hinge and pull the hinge.  (you'll understand when you see it)  By releasing the latch, it will go vertical.With a sledge hammer.Call a local dealer, speak to the service manager and he will instruct you on how to do it.  It will save you a lot of grief if you do it this way.right above the "hand brake" pedal, there is a red thingy that you pull the front towards yourself. Then, hold the latch towards the right headlight and lift up the hood. I know the 2004 E500 4matic has hydraulics to keep it up.Dude, if u cant figure out how to pop the hood on a car, u shouldnt be driving one.My '83 model has two safety hooks, one each side of the bulge in the engine cover.  Poke fingers in both sides and push inwards after pulling the release inside the cabin.  My car is right hand drive and the release is a lever on the left side of the front footwell.    In LH drive cars I believe the lever is in the same place.What tkquestion said...pull the red latch, then pull the plug on the grill and then it should open... acc to CLK 55
how about this, standardization, the people that make atm's only need to make one kind of keyboard. but seriously , they dont let the blind drive in the USA? that's why Canadian guide dogs ride with their heads out the window , sheesh !I work at a local hospital and we have braille on our buttons in the elevators for the blind.And they know when the doors ding,that it will open.Now on the insides of the elevator door jams is a larger number of the floor that the doors opened on... Braille is on ATM machines not only for the totally blind,but for those who can't see well enough to see the numbers on them.And you don't have to be the driver of a car to use it.You can have someone drive you and get out of the car to make a transaction.. I think it is great.we have one employee who is 80% blind.Guess what his job is????? He escorts visitors to their destinations inside the hospital..........Amazing huh?. Being blind or partial blind doesn't have to mean giving up a normal lifestyle...And these "dots" are just one way to help them live a rich and full normal life...Just my 2-cents worth..Scary, huh? Why is there a sign in McDonalds that reads, 'Braille menu available'? If they could read that they wouldn't NEED a braille menu!! This world drives me nuts.I would guess that all the buttons are made in the same place and all made that way no matter what machine they will end up on.I have been asking the same questions my entire life!. . Besides the fact a blind person shouldn't be behind the wheel... how are they going to answer the questions, like "Which account" and "would you like a receipt for this transaction" or better yet, " English or Spanish?"this world is crazy. . who knows?. . ask the person at the bank whyIt is just like at Burger King it says Braille and Picture menus available upon request.The Braille dots on the drive up ATM  machines are for the back seat driver's side passengers to access their funds without others knowing their pin number.Is there a law that states a drive up ATM can ONLY be used by the driver of the car?. . And re: menu's....a blind person would likely accompanied( but not always) by someone.....don't they deserve to read the menu so they can decide for themselves.. . And some blind people get around quite well.....and they themselves can ASK for the braille menu.I have seen many, many people WALK up to an ATM machine to withdraw cash. (yes, inside stores, but also even at drive thru's) Perhaps some of those people take advantage of the Braille dots? Go figure! What with all the handicapped lawsuits and all, I wouldn't say that it is (Unusual) at at all.picture this, a cab with a blind person riding in the back.., damn bet ya didnt think of thatHere's another question.....why is there Braille on elevators? How would one know when to get off the elevator?I bet you there was a lawsuit at one point that forced them to put the braile dots there.  I've heard of lawsuit for more ridulous things, such as at a baseball game, people not handing free purses to men, so a lawsuit here is believable.Blind people can still be passengers in cars.  So that allows them to use the drive up ATMs.
It's the same as the steam coming out of your car's exhaust on a cold morning.It's coming from passengers flushing the toiletIt's the government trying to control the weather...it is a condensation trail because when the aircraft is that high there is moisture in the air and when the air goes through the engine the water particles get close together and form a cloud.....a typically very short lasting cloud but it still is a cloud!I think it is the exhaust emissions from the engines freezing.It's just condensation of the water vapor in the engine's exhaust.  Under normal atmospheric conditions, the relative humidity at altitude is very low and the water vapor evaporates almost instantly.  However, when the relative humidity is abnormally high it condenses into a visible cloud and may remain visible for several hours.It's called a "CONTRAIL", condensation of moisture from combustion in the engine trails out with the exhaust gases leaving the engine. The water vapor freezes at the high altitude, leaving a white cloud behind, this can be quite dramatic at sunrise, or sunset in a clear sky, very cool too (I think), I look for them a lot !
It revs on and off when there's no load on the engine. When you turn the AC on, it puts a small load on the engine and steadies it out.. There's a solenoid that controls idle speed that might be bad. Or the engine might start to stall at the set idle speed, and gets reved up by the computer, just to start over again.could be that the AC clutch is cutting in and out, but when you have the AC on the AC clutch stays engaged. Really difficult to be sure as you did not give your make, model and year of car.does it rev a whole lot? or just a bit?  its probably just a mal-adjusted idle speed. and it stops when the air is on because the ac takes power from the engine.some cars idle funny when their is a sensor problem, the rev'ing you hear could be from the sensor trying to regulate air flow.  if you feel your car is not running properly, it would be best to have it checked by your mechanic.
I'm not sure, but there could be a pin holding the axle on. Subaru front-wheel drives are made this way. Remove the pin with a punch and axle should slide out.Put the transmission in neutral. Put a large drain pan underneath too or get a lot of oil-dry.
Try word of mouth, your local newspaper, auctions, I wanta book, put a for sale sign in your car window. You wont get what you want for it. You would be better off keeping it if it's paid for. If it's not, you need to sell it because Ford is just gonna add the balance of the old car with the new one.Go to Parkers. . http://www.parkers.co.uk/. . There you'll be able to get a valuation and then try Ebay first then Auto Trader last.. . . Fords will give you a low price so don't do thatThe quickest way is actually at an auction, you take it and it will probably be sold in a few days, most auction houses have two or three auctions a week.. . The only problem would be how much your wanting, they are a great way of getting cash fast but your going to get less than you probably expected, but that'll happen anyway.. . When a teenager can go and buy a brand new car for under 5 grand, they are not interested in 2nd hand cars so it depresses the value of everyones.. . Do a simple Google search for exact model of car and it will bring up a few for sale, that'll give you an accurate idea of the current value.I recommend selling online through autotrader (www.autotrader.co.uk) It's quick and easy and they have a fab support team. Just email them a pic and some details and you are set. The website is extremely popular and it's how I bought my car. Looking up similar cars to yours, I reckon you would get around £3500, but this could differ depending on milage etc. You can also check on the website how much similar cars are going for.. Don't trade your car in to ford or other garages! They rip you off. Selling direct through autotrader cuts out the middleman and saves u ££moolah££! . . Hope this helps, good luck!www.kbb.comTo find out what your car is worth go to www.parkers.co.uk. You will probably get a better price for your car if you sell privately, selling though  something like the auto trader is a good idea or you could try eBay but take good pictures and take time with your description if you use eBay. best of luck!.advertise the cars u wanna sell. get lots of printed pages that contains the information which cars u decide to sell and paste the papers on tree barks, roadside lamp-post, street walls, etc.sell it to me for £1Take it to a dealer and accept their first offer.  . . You'll get next to nothing for it, but you'll get rid of it.I use Autotrader. Ad internet only for 2 weeks £16.00 and very good respond. You can put picture of your car is well. Good Luck!Try advertising in the local paper. I sold my car within two hours of the paper coming out and had 70 phone calls after that!sell it n ebay people will buy anything on there
Pollution doesn't have a thing to do with oil color, it is the heat of the engine combined with a tiny amount of metal from the moving parts of the engine.  . . The added detergents wear down after 3k miles or so, unless you get the high milage dino oil or synthetic oils that can last 10k miles before breaking down.  . . Used oil is just black black, it should not be a brown chunky/sludgy mess and if it is then It is has far too many miles on it.If it needs changing it is usually very black and the thicker the more you need to change it.. . Believe it or not oil starts on looking like vegetable oil... Shows what pollution does to it.what the hell are you asking here.  Not understanding your English very well.
The length of the ground wire makes no real difference in sound quality. The thickness of the wire, the type of wire, and the quality of the ground are all relative to the sound quality. The noise most likely is from a poor ground connection.Ground loop noise comes from a "ground loop."  These happen in systems where the head unit (deck) is grounded near the front of the vehicle and the amp is grounded elsewhere.  What can happen is that a small amount of the grounding current will be carried along the RCA (signal) wires.  This usually causes a humm or whine that changes pitch as the alternator varies RPM.  . . To avoid ground loop problems, always secure all grounds to bare metal, also use adequate size wire for the amount of current you expect to use at peak output.  Keeping ground wires shorter is better, but not absolutely necessary.  . . If you have alternator whine, try running a ground wire directly from the amp's ground to your deck's ground.  You can also buy inline ground loop isolators that create a break in the signal wire's ground so that the current can no longer flow.  . . Also a good rule of thumb is to run power wires along one side of the vehicle (ie passenger side) and running the signal wires on the opposite side.. . Good luck, a well planned system is a trouble free system!!. . MikeCAny wiring you can make shorter is better because of voltage drop. Also electricity flows from negative to positive. It's the movement of electrons which is negative.i haven't heard that but a ground loop noise insulator keeps like humming noises and buzzing noise from coming out of your speakersiono
Silverstars are good, But I use PIAAs and have never had any problem except that I think PIAA should be PITA for pain in the a s s  to install. Eurolites are fine too. The other brands sound generic and I have never heard of them.silverstars are nice and cheap,depending on which lights your car has ,if it uses h11 bulbs replace them with h9 almost twice as bright
let off the gasGetting moving is the hardest part.  When you go to shift let off the gas, push in the clutch, then shift, and smoothly let out the clutch while getting back on the gas.  That last part takes some getting used to but with practice you'll get used to it after awhile.ionoIf you are starting from a stop on level ground you want to press the clutch pedal in with your left foot and ease out while slightly giving the vehicle some gas with your right foot. This is called granny shifting, and really burns up the clutch, but it's a good place to start. Practice will be your best expeirience. when you are ready to shift to the next gear you want to press the clutch, tap the gas, shift to the next gear, then release the clutch, and start pressing the gas again. This is closer to double shifting and is easier on the clutch.. . And to burn out... rev the engine until the tachometer is about 500 rpm's before the red and hold it there while you dump* the clutch. (*slide your foot to the side and let the clutch pop out, not lift your knee)Accelerate, as you depress the clutch let up on the gas and shift quickly and immediately after the shift is completed, give it gas and accelerate further.  Continue through other gears and after completing shifting I assume you know what to do.let off the gas - shift - then press the gas quickly.
I have economy 7 at home. They charge a lower rate for electricity used after a certain time. My storage heaters are set on economy 7 as is my emmersion so they heat up over night an costs me less.There is less damand on electricity at night so it can be sold at a lower price than during the day.  Economy 7 utilises this by storing energy at night and giving it out during the day.its cheaper to heat ur water or use ur washing machine from the hours of 7pm til 1amFor 7 hours at night u get cheaper electricity because this is the time that there is least demand.  Its best to do washing or cleaning at this time!!!
Sounds like you should not be working on this vehicle. If you managed to figure out how to open the hood, STOP there and call a professional auto technician. You should not even attempt to replace spark plugs.I have a 96 GM with the "4.6 Liter" imprinted on the plastic. If that's whats on yours there are two nuts near the left lower corner (if your looking at the engine from the front of the car) of that large plastic cover. There are two hoses that connect to the back of the cover via two nipples, one is larger then the other so they cant get mixed up. The cover will come of as one piece with the long snorkel piece attached.There is a large hose clamp that holds it to the throttle body, unloosen it as far as you can...it wont fall off.There is one more large hose clamp at the end of the air filter box, do the same with that removal. Be careful not to pull to hard on the hose connected to the air filter box, it is only held in place on that plastic inner fender by two small sheet metal screw, they will break off or rust off in time if you tug to hard on that hose. When you go to put it back together, apply a small about of oil to the rubber parts of the hose that goes on to the throttle port. It will help it slide over the port with out bending over on it self. Its a head ache but you can do it, make sure you watch where the those two nuts go cause they will fall .. . Good Luck...You have to tell us what size engine. Most likely you should not be working on this car. Go to a shop, and they will have the tools and the knowledge to do this.
Computer Automated Design class in any college. Make sure your good at Geometry and Drafting first it helps.Get accepted at the California Art Center School of Design. Almost every single car designer working anywhere in the world today has been to this school. It takes the best of the best and turns out graduates so good that they are designing in Europe and Japan. This is the one for your resume or you may just have to do food packaging.
(slowly) they are both carsIt depends on what you are using it forIn terms of safety this is a kind of double edged sword.  For the occupants of the SUV they are more safe, however the people in the car that they hit would be a lot worse off for two reasons.. 1 The SUV is a lot heavier and has a lot more momentum than a smaller car would have moving at the same speed.. 2 Size.  If you look at the height of an SUV (larger SUV's) bumper, If it were to have a side on impact with a smaller car the bumper will hit above the side intrusion bars on the smaller vehicle, rendering them pretty useless.. . So an SUV is safer for it's occupants but less safe for the people that they crash into.depends on what you are going 2 use it fora car is better for saving money, because they get better gas mialage and they can save you money when your at the gas station. an SUV has more space.I like SUV they are more roomy and you don't get cut off as often. But cars are more economical.
If you want to check to see if a car is reported stolen, call your local law enforcement office and ask them to run the VIN through NCIC (National Crime Information Computer). They will not give you any information about the owner of the car, but they will tell you if it is reported stolen!No.  How in the world could anyone provide Car information on every car ever registered for free?
check the phone book for a technical college in the area;i own a repair shop,and there are lots of places you can get training on radio repair and all kinds of electrical repair for automobiles,,there are places like ITT tech ,that's here in Tennessee and there all over the place,look in your local phone  book for a local place the offers training,i will tell you this ,its a fun job to do,i enjoy it very much,and look forward to going to work,but check out some of the local small schools that offer good training,,,good luck,i hope this help,s.and have a good Thanksgiving.
the pajero is very simalar car its just the shogun is slightly bigger and trim may very but mechanics side is the same. book no.68765just go lee_ nightingale1@yahoo.co.uk and look on his web siteProbably because it's not a very popular vehicle.cuz its a shittty carIt is due to popularity, total sales of the vehicle etc... . Why make a manual for a car without an audience that has needs? It costs plenty for Haynes to teardown and rebuild, document the entire process and publish a users type manual for a limited response.. . You can always buy the Manufacturers version at a much higher price if you are so interested.First check to see if a Shogun isn't just different variety of a certain modelThe Pajero is just another name for the shogun .. The Shogun is called Pajero in most of Europe.. Just small regional variations Trim , light configuration etc.. On other continents there would also be different specifications regarding emissions, cooling, lighting.. But for general use the pajero handbook would suffice.They probably didn't sell many of the cars so its not worth printing a book about it.Shogun is the Pajero in Europe (except Spain, where pajero is a slang word for w**ker).. . Don't know if there's a manual for the Pajero or not?Shgun is the UK version for the Pajero around the world and the Montero in Americas and few other countries...Just different names...Its a good car...U can find it under Montero or Pajero...Most likely because it's a rare vehicle.  Chilton's might make a repair manual for your car.  Try asking around your local auto parts stores, or a nearby Mitsubishi dealer.
When you do make sure you refill the blinker fluid too.First buy a knute valve then ask an ex navy boilerman for a BT punch he will help you from there.You should pick-up a muffler bearing greaser at Wal-mart.. . They are between the left-handed screwdrivers and the wheels for the mis-carriage.that's too funny....  I can not come up with an imaginative answerAre they sealed or shielded?With a muffler bearing grease gun, of course!First off You need to be sure its not another problem.. Check these out first:. . 1. Muffler fuse ( least expensive and a easy fix ). 2. Muffler fluid change ( messy but inexpensive ). 3. Muffler filter change ( cheap but most common fix ). 4. Exhaust fan belt ( this will make the same sounds as the muffler bearings! ). 5.Muffler out of balance ( take to a Muffler shop to have this done). . If the bearings have gotten to the point where they have to be greased they will usually have to be replaced along with the Muffler Bearings Gasket.. . Please contact the two following people on instructions to get this done. Good Luck!!. . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DJIEFE5ExsI have a mechanic right here with me & he wants to know what the heck is a muffler bearing?. . 2001no such thing
Talk to Popeye....He may be able to get . Olive Oyl off the car  lolTwo words for you. ACID BATH. Take white wine vinegar in a spray bottle. Dont water it down. It will not harm the paint and it should take the oil right off. Wipe it off with a rag. DO NOT USE GOJO. After you are done, go ahead and wash the car with a high pressure washer with a car wash detergent. Good luck.if the oil has had enough time to set in and stain you are probably screwed and you need to buy him a new paint job.Somebody is blowing smoke. Take it to a do-it-yourself car wash, select pre-soak to hose the truck down, then hit it with the high pressure soap before rinsing it off.Use waterless handcleaner,like GoJo.Put it on with a damp cloth,wash it off with water.If that doesn't work try CASTROL SUPER CLEAN (get it at walmart in AUTOMOTIVE )
your has what known as a brain box on it that controls the lift,and the balance on it,i think it has gone bad on it,this is what causes this to happen on these cars,and you may have ruined the pump by adding out side air to it,,they have a diaphragm in them,and you may have busted it,,they are expensive to repair also,,i have did a few of them before,and they can be real hard to get to work right,,good luck,i hope this help,s.why would you remove something without knowing what it was?. Put it back, if it doesn't work, get a new one.. You may have destroyed the compressor, WTG that'll cost considerably more than a solenoid.The common problem that we see is that there is a small air leak in the system and that makes the compressor run too long wearing it out. Once that happens it can not build enough pressure to pump up the shocks and the air in the system if you have manually filled it is higher than the compressor can produce and it bleeds back.. these are complicated systems with a solenoid on each shock assembly and a computer to monitor and regulate it. . You need to hook a pressure gauge into the system and measure the out put of the compressor. You should be able to build about 40 psi. . Beyond that you will need a scanner that will do bi-directional communcations with the system to diagnose it.Means all the airbags are shot, or the tubing to them is messed up.  Not a cheap fix at all.sounds to me like a leveling valve.if the car was jacked up without turning the airbags off, it could be out of adjustment.
If you are talking about draining the electrolyte out of the battery before charging, THIS IS WRONG and DANGEROUS. . If you are talking about running a car battery down to no charge left in it before you charge it, this does not typically need to be done. There are some rechargeable batteries used in various cordless devices that require running the charge down before recharging. This is done because the battery can develop a "memory" of how much you use the device before charging, and then it will only hold that amount of charge (say you typically use it for 3 minutes, then stick it back on the charger. The battery will soon want to run at full output for only the 3 minutes if it's not run to no charge before recharging). Typical examples are camcorders, cordless hand vacuums, etc.. This does not happen with your car battery.car battery ?? dont do it this will shorten the life if not kill it all together that is only for rechargeable ni cad onesYou didn't specify what type of battery or what device it would be used for. . . Generally, batteries are often shipped only half charged with a manufacturer note to fully charge it before use. . . A common belief for recharging NiCad batteries (take notebook computer batteries for example) is that it is best to regularly drain a battery then fully charge it. . . It is believed it is not good to keep a laptop plugged into the AC power source continuously if you have a battery in it. Especially since the recent laptop battery recalls called attention to a few instances when a defective laptop battery overheated/leaked/caught fire.. . Best advice: follow the instructions of each manufacturer and device exactly. That way, if something goes wrong, a replacement may be covered under warranty.. . Good luck.You don't mention what type of battery you are talking about. A car battery should not need charging unless it has been drained due to the lights being left on or a bad charging system, so I'll assume you are referring to something else, like a cell phone battery.. . NiCd Ni-Cd batteries are the least expensive and are commonly used for cell phones. The problem with Ni-Cd batteries is that they are very prone to voltage depression, otherwise known as "memory effect". This occurs when recharging a battery before it is fully discharged causes the battery to "remember" its previous partial charge level and not charge to full capacity. To increase life please remember to fully discharge the phone before charging. . NiMH Ni-MH batteries are a superior replacement for Ni-Cd batteries because they are available in higher capacities and are virtually memory-free. That means you can charge the battery when it is convenient for you, not when the battery is "ready".  . LiIon Li-ion batteries are the best rechargable batteries available. They offer long life and high capacity in slim, lightweight batteries that are also memory-free. Li-ion batteries are batteries available for many premium cellular phones.Because you can really mess up  the battery! It will die out when it gets back to level it started out on, thinking that level is the end and need to be charged again! Phones are funny that way but hey everything has a mind of its own, just like the dirt in my back yard!!!
2 reasons.  To distribute the weight over a larger area so it doesn't sink into the soil. . Tracks have a larger contact area and get more traction.to spread the loadfor better traction in mud. Wheels would just spin. It's the same reason tanks have tracks.To move easySo they dont sink in the mud. Footprint of a bulldozer track is so much bigger than 4 tyres so it exerts less pressure (force per cross sectional area) on the mud hence it has better traction and doesnt sinkSimple, Traction.  When you are moving a vehicle weighing 80000 pounds and want to move yard of material, you need all the traction you can.  Tracks are also less prone to have flats.Better stability and traction. Need less replacement as well.Actually, the reason that bulldozers have tracks,is more about not sinking than traction. It is true that a "Track" lays more surface area on the ground than a tyre. But the 'cleats' on a 'track plate', are quite small in comparison to an off road tyre tread. However that square footage is rather good at keeping a heavy load from sinking into soft ground. (Its all about surface tension) Once the 'crust' on the ground has been broken, water can penetrate to lower layers and it wont be long before you have a swamp of Mud. Tyre shod vehicles are rather good at churning and mixing the water into the ground and it soon gets out of hand. That's why tracked machinery is always sent in to create access roads etc prior to sending in Moxi Tippers to move overburden from large Civil's Jobs . When levelling off ground, you are actually layering the ground out in 150mm or less bands of material. The tracks help to compact the layers and 'bind' the layer ready for the next 'spread'.. If done properly, this will create very stable and compact ground with little settlement afterwards.. . A track, consists of a track chain, with 'Plates' bolted on. These plates can be flat or cleated and can even have rubber pads bolted on for on-road use.The tracks are for better traction and also distribute the weight of the dozer over a larger area so not to get stuck as easily.  Plus it make for a more stable platform.  You can also do better finish work with tracks since they don't give like tires do.Because wheels don't have enough traction to push lots of dirt around.  Tracks are used only when necessary, because they are expensive and require maintenance.the tracks spread the weight evenly and allow it to move easier and turn quicker,  not to mention go over obsticles like ditches, rocks withot getting stuck and better traction alsoFor a couple of reasons. . 1) the weight of a big dozer would require a huge tire to support the load. The engineering required to mount tires that big would change the shape and desig of a dozer enough so that it would lose some of it charateristics that make it such a wonderful piece of equipment (profile, manuerveability). . 2) Durability - The steel tracks of a dozer can take much more punishment than a rubber tire and therefore last much longer on these extreme duty pieces of equipment. 3) Traction - steel tracks prove tremendous bite which enable the unit to move such huge weights of material. The tracks are designed to cut into the ground instead of roll across it. This is essential to the function of the dozer.
try a heat gun, be careful with it.  warm up the glue a little and you should be able to remove it after thattry bug and tar remover,heat is good but be careful like bob saidHi,I would use a heat gun or hair dryer to soften the glue up so you could carefully remove glue with soft cloth or something that will not scratch body.I would not use harsh chemicals on surface of car.If this does not work ,take car to body shop .They will know what to do for you. Good Luck   ROSCOTry using nail polish remover(a mild acetone) or DuPont Prep-Sol. or similar product purchased from an automotive paint supplier.. You won't need more than a qt.
I'd go for a VW Golf.... . I have a Mk III.. and it's great! So I suppose the Mk V would be even better!. . Though I don't know much about Audi nor Mercedes, I reckon German marques are much better in quality and performance than possible all others! So I guess whatever car on the list you go for, it's worth it!personally i'd steer well clear of merc's they're totally unreliable i used to work in a merc garage audi s3 would be my preferanceAudi A4 is your best bet of those listed.  Great all around car.any toyota and you cant go wrongHonda Civic R Type, absolutely f*?in nuts mate!It depends what do you need the car for? If you have a family or usually travel with more than one passenger I should suggest the A4.. If you are looking for something sportier I should recomend the S3 given its power, sports look and has a better quality and technology than any WV eventhough hey are sister companies. Or why don't you try the BMW 130 goes from 0-100km/h in less than 5 seconds. Also the S3 and BMW have better quality interiors, sound, etc. On the CLK I don't have many comments since I don't like it.havent test driven (plan to) but luvin the new golf gt!what a great ideaWell I'm just going out for a long drive in my new (second-hand, but new to me) car. It's a Citroen Picasso - and I love it.  It's got to be the most practical all-rounder car that I have ever come across - great for moving stuff, great if you have kids and great if you have elderly passengers who find it difficult to get in and out of regular cars that have a lip at the bottom of the door.  It is also like a Tardis - it's just so big inside, but only the size of a regular family saloon.VW Corrado VR6 Storm... . you can still find good examples of these, think N reg were the last built.. . i know it's a bit old, but who wants to drive a ford focus or some shite like that when you can have a classic real mans motor for much less cash - you will stand out from the crowd.. . . http://atsearch.autotrader.co.uk/www/cars_search.asp?page=1&nU=0&make=VOLKSWAGEN&model=CORRADO&min_pr=75&max_pr=&postcode=b14%205bp&miles=40&max_records=200&modelexact=1&photo=1. . . .Go for the V Dub .... my Sister works for them. She brings home cars for me to drive all the time, Golf GTi, Eos, etc. The MB and Audi have a higher cost of ownership (Parts, Labor, etc.).buy a ford...do you need help deciding where to eat tonight or can you do that on your own???Agreed Any Toyota and you will undoubtedly be happy. Over the years, I have some very old toyotas, one with over 300K miles on it. Poor old thing always got through emissions with no problem, and always started, and ran. . My new 1.5 is great, about 9 miles/litre of cheapest petrol, fast, dependable, and great for emissions. The old toyotas were so great that I couldn't help buying new. . Admittedly there are vehicles with better mileage, but dependability counts much for me, or did before I changed unis--before I had to drive 100 miles one way to get to my campus and the house I used. . The old 2.2 got me there, rattling and carrying on, but it never failed me. . Good luck, and I hope you find just the right car-- it is a big decision, a good one can be your best mate for years to come!Wise move not going for a 4x4, My Freelander has just gone BANG!! Steer well clear.mercedes.................i can recommend mercedes S class, even second hand they are blinding, other than that a TVR cerbera.. . hope this helps
you might have a blown head gasketnever heard that one........ . have shop check and change and flush radiator if need be.. . somebody may have made a mistake.... is car older???if it smells gassy,check to see if the coolant is black,sounds like head gasketyou got a blown head gasketjust like other 1s said,sounds like a blown head gasket.it is possible you have a bad head gasket or cracked water jacket somewhere in your engine, if you can, make sure your radiator cap is on tight start your car let it run for a while so it gets warm leave it run for a little bit. shut it down, check the oil if there is any sign of water IE. a whitish milky looking fluid anywhere on your dipstick immediately take it in and have the system pressure checked, a simple compression test on each piston can often tell if it is a head gasket leaking into the piston.  If it is a head gasket it is a somewhat simple fix anything more and it could lead to costly repairs.
The one that runs well and is paid for.1971 AMC Hornet SC360.ever tried staying on a Pagani Zonda for more than an hour? or in an Enzo?.. . The nicest car in the World is the Rolls Royce Phantom.the nicest car is one that doesn't pollute the earth.that is a matter of oppinion but in the car world that has to be the FERRARI  ENZO   it is the rarest car that you cannot choose you obtain it by ferrari chooses you to buy that car besides there are only 50-60of them madeif by nicest u mean the FASTEST , MOST Expensive and the most POWERFUL car...then it HAS to be the BUGATTI VEYRON! :) PERIOD !!!. Thanks,. Colin.Volkswagen Iroc Concept, it so cute, you can call it the nicest car in the world.Well do to personal experience i have found that the best car in the world is a 2006 Ford Crown Victoria Sport. BUT if i had money i would buy a Pagani Zonda. Great Question though.Exotic- Maclaren F1  $1.2 million. Luxury- Maybach $400,000. MY Suggestion- Lexus any model $35,000 - $70,000Obviosly the Zonda.67 shelby gt5001960 Buick RoadmasterBugatti or Bentley coupe :) and it is the most expensive one too; but i don't mind getting Ferrari or Lamborghini as my birthday gift :)1989 Lamborghini Countach 25th Anv. edition ( red ) 400+BHP makes me go crazy.. and what girl could you not get in one? Think about it my man...think.the 1969 Serise 2 Jaguar XKE in Regency Red.  . makes me purr just thinking about it
Why bother,change their .dbf/.dbm/. Anyway, how yer FORD T,of somewhat Antique or Classical or PaLeoEventual Categorizeth, not ? Ha, there ye have it ol Ready,. you aunt could might have been forgotten neyther,nein ?. SiteLate ready,zeg.. Reporting abnormalities thru the e-mail, some we should've been Ugh!. Watch for their e-gold numers or PayPal address, or for other . e-Bank, or anything that moves fasters THAn De sPeed Of Lights , Might've ZoomThink unDiGuisED,Ahem, Or Should I could the Cup, hey There.. Me legs is of c2po, which is of previous rebuilt,i had to admit, . ad astro per airum recondition for lower terraine, aerial re-viewers only capably, no conversion expected, C3po of no comparison, but still i am older time,had absorbed of so many typos eitherwise, there a .txt had been .chn to .wrd nextwrd compatuilbel.... TILT.. >>> Error 707.12.10.1961 Busted. Overrules : Expected end of Nested Loop Passed.. OffLine whatLine ZLan OtherLan. >>> Communique Dsiruption, Xzhing. Wedge-IT 32-bit/hour.. A : Find(b-Tree,US,Magn: (9,8,7,6), Mars[13],Venus[9.9] :-.      Dyon,Xeba,Xena,Ganymede,Bethelgeuse,Apallo,.      ye may had named IT, I gotten nothing to do to them, personlay,I am not positive but have you tried to contact Carfax.Just call a lock smith to come to your house and he will make a key for you. Simple and quick and probably around $25-$35 depend on where you live.Dealers can only search back to 1997 through the VIN system.  What year is the car?  If is is a 1 1997 or newer, send me the VIN and I will get you the key code.You may have to do a title search.  Go to the DMV, and they should tell you how to do that.
I change the rear plugs from underneath they are really easy. . as far as the belt goes look for the belt routing diagram under the hood there will be a bolt head on the tensioner pulley use a long straight wrench to spin the tensioner to take the tension off the belt remove the belt and replace the same way.I dont know but why the heck are you changing the spark plugs and belt on a 2006 caravan.  Unless you drive 100k miles a year you should not be even close to changing the plugs.  And the belt should be fine yet.  Those normally last 50k miles or so.
1 nsp does not flash up it it INSP and is short for inspection. . It is asking you to take the car for a serviceservice due ,don't think light will go off until service is doneINSP is short for INSPECTION, you have reached a set milage for your car to be serviced
Its the oil in the asphalt that makes the roads black. The white and yellow lines make for good reflectors. I`ve been laying asphalt for over 10 years now and it has never changed.because there not white roads w/ black stripes.white contrasts the black of the tar the best. there used to be reflective properties mixed with the paint but it seems that theres not many doing that anymore. just white paint now daysbut that would also be hard to see, because it would be blinding some people.  also, that would cost more because they would need to paint everything.Go to New Mexico many of the roads out there are red.  I think it has to do with the materials available for road building.its better than orange n pinkcos the dirt doesn't show up!!!So you're suggesting that roads be painted yellow?  It wouldn't work out very well.  At the very least, you'd have to re-paint pretty often.. . Tires are black, and asphalt is black.  . Skid marks don't show on black.. . Painting the entire road (as opposed to just the stripes) would make your tires slip more, since the painted surface would be slick. Especially compared to plain old asphalt.because the person who designed them had a thing for zebras???????Cause the Tarmac is black and the paint is white.ask the governmentcos white roads with black stripes would get ever so dirty very quickly!Glare brother, glare. The black road reduces the glare on the roadWhite tar is as rare as rocking horse droppings.Less confusing than yellow bricks w/ purple stripes.why not black and red stripes or poka dots or rainbow  its all for vision help however we all know most drivers aren't paying attention to the roads these days anyway it doesn't matteryou, it seems, are in the minority from what you say.The black is a result of the petrolium pruducts used when creating ashfalt (road cover) and as you probably know - white stripes are for traffic lanes in you direction - and yellow is for traffic comming against you - i.e. traffic devider.. But I like the idea - yellow would be cewl -
mid range, between treble and bass, ie: tweeter- midrange- bassYou have your bass = lows, your treble = highs, and you mid = mids, it's that range of frequency between you lows and your highs.  Its a subjective setting just like you bass and treble, so fiddle around with it until you get the sound you like.
Practice, practice, practice.just enjoy driving ...and put some music you really appriciate...and moslty dont got sleep...always be alert to the traffic around you, it takes time to adjust but focus on the road in front of you and constantly look for traffic approaching you and going to pass, if your on a two lane find a place to pull over so you will not be nervous.  drive in the country for a while and get used to it, Remember semi- tractor trailers can not stop fast because of there weight. Be careful and don't drive fast. If you get nervous just find a place to stop off the road way.what i found out thru the years is pay more attention to other people's driving than your own , but keep in mind that u NEVER stop learning , and always try to be the best save driver that u can be... be safe and keep your eyes and ears open GOOD LUCK!!!Practice practice practice!  I was a very nervous driver too when I started.  For years, actually, I was very nervous because I didn't get to drive very often.  When I finally got my own car and was driving around regularly is when I started to get comfortable driving by myself.  I thought the day would never come!  It just takes a bit of time and doing it regularly to feel that comfort and that feeling of freedom that comes with driving.Practice your self with the help of a trainer. Then you can try for short distance driving alone where there will not be much traffic. Slowly drive longer distance & in to the traffic. Dont strech too much in a single day. Be confident yourself & belive yourself. You can do it. All the best.
Not exactly sure about this model but the earlier shape, 96-2000 radio was removed by taking the actual dash panel off 1st. You acessed a couple of screws in around the heater control panel, removed these, then pulled the panel out at the bottom and slid it down revealing the mounting brackets for the unit.To see the screws, you had to almost lie on your back and look upwards just above the control levers.get some who specialise in car entertainment.the bast**d who took mine used a brick and a screwdriver that seemed to work well! seriously, if it's a philips stereo you can usually get a screwdriver underneath it to remove it because it's hard to remove the first time you try it. there's a clip under the radio you need to press up with it to et the radio to slide out.why should anyone tell you, you might be going to steal one,
i have also heard this on a galaxy in a car park . i thought i was hearing things . it sounds just like a jet engine coming from the back of the car . sorry mate i cant help but your not aloneGoogle itHard to tell, but my guess would be the radiator fan is continuing to run for a few minutes. Many fans these days are electric, rather than being driven by the engine. Did this just start happening or has it done it all along? If it just started, then you may have cooling system problems.
this is how to do it im ex citroen/pug trained. before u turn on the ignition press the milage trip reader button and hold it in while you turn the ignition on it then counts back the service interval milageun hook the battery for 10Min's and it will resatPut a few pounds on the credit card now to save a lot later, delaying services is a great way to waste moneyGet it serviced for gods sake!. . That light's there for a reason, its so your not on here in 6 months moaning because your engine blew itself apart.you need to connect the car to a code reader via your OBD2 socket... not a diy job unless you have a good reader and know how to use it. It is possible that the light can be reset by shorting two of the pins on the OBD socket.. I have no idea if this is the case with your car.. but can be done on some modern carsStick some tape over it. It's the only thing you can do without invalidating the warranty (though if you go too far outside the service window it will be invalidated anyway).
You have a leak in the system. Start with the radiator cap replacement and check the hoses.sounds like a bad headgasketNormally they Dont bubble.. . That indicates AIR in the cooling system.. . Check the coolant level in radiator and make sure all air is "burped out".. Run the Heater while filling/checking.. (CAREFUL!!! Do it when Cold is safest). . Then fill the Coolant Reservoir to proper level.. . AFTER You've driven the car at Normal operating temp,. Recheck the Reservoir level,,and then again once car cools off.. . If system had any air in it,,it will suck some water from the reservoir.. . If your car is over 4~5 yrs old,,You might oughta replace the radiator cap.. . If That doesnt stop the bubbling,,,one possible cause is a Bad head gasket allowing actual engine pressure to get into cooling system passages.. . . Good Luckover heating ,cracked head or blown head gasket,any or all of these willHopefully the bubbles are small and not too frequent!  If you see these with the radiator cap off (starting out cold engine), and they continue even after the thermostat opens(hot water starts circulating through the "top" radiator hose, -and the radiator is pretty well the same temperature everywhere you can reach it to touch it!. . It is quite possible that the head gasket is leaking a little, -- if you take it to a garage asap, and have them re-torque headbolts, --there is a possibility that you can stop the problem before it gets worse, -- in which case the head has to be removed to replace the headgasket!  This is neither simple or cheap, howerver it is simpler and (easier) than overhauling the engine!!  Also much cheaper! . . So get it checked out right away!
Because the exhaust coming out of the engines is mostly heated water, and the air is very cold up there in the atmosphere.  The water freezes, leaving icy trails that you can view from the ground.the air is sub zero at high altitude and the engine exhuast is extremely high so it causes condensationit is an artificial cloud created by an aircraft caused either by condensation due to the reduction in air pressure above the wing surface or by water vapor in the engine exhaust.The by product of the combustion of jet fuel is Carbon and Water.  The water condeses rapidly in the affor mentioned cold air, immediately becoming visible.The simple answer is ; a jet engine heats up the air flowing through it. Because it is then hotter than the ambient air, it condenses.
It was around 1994. Not sure exact date. The year 2000 was when it became illegal to buy or sell R12.1994either 94 or 95.   I think the cut off was in the middle of the yearIt really depends on the make and model. A good rule of thumb is 1995.Some sooner but all by then and they are also working on a new type of refrigerant because 134a is still a greenhouse gas unlike r12 ozone depleting gas. I would guess by 2010 it will be standard but no one is sure what it will be yet.
I'd just save up my money and buy one but since your 16 you will probably get ragged on for the next 2 yrs...Get a proper bike.  Mopeds are for girls and the latte crowdIs your name Lyle or Eric????First turn 18.. Then get a job.. Then move out and get your own place.. At this point, you can convince your parents to let you get a moped.  Until then, you're under their roof and rules.  Deal with it.Who would want a moped. Get a motorcycle. Plenty of small engine starter bikes available. Safer and more fun and they don't come with a stigma attached.get a better car. its safer.Tell them that you are willing to give up your crap car for the moped. That'll get it for ya.Why do you need a moped?It's not the safest mens of travel.The roadhogs are out there.If it's only to move from point A to B,I tend to agree with you're parents.However should you envisage this means of travel to and from school,that is a different story altogether.As a moped would be more economical and probably faster.Work on dad,get him to ally you in this Be patient,no matter how many friends you have.No  one cares for you more than familyHow can I convince you not to get a moped.. if you think a moped because of its size is safer. then other bikes, you are wrong. to avoid being a menace. to yourself and other motorists you need something that has enough power to get out of its own way. and a moped just doesn't. have it.. If you don't want a full size bike at least get a vespa or something similar because at least those things can keep up with the flow of traffic.
I'd say because it's a volkswagon...seriously, what about the alternator have you tried that? or checking your spark plugs. You'll probably need all new hubcaps as well.glowplugs reckeck of course my friendyou need three things to get your diesel going,compression,fuel and hot glowplugs reckeck your timing belt marks will eliminate the compression, use a testlight on the glowplug connectors and check for voltage, even pull one out and see weather it gets red when grounded and key on. diesels require very clean fuel and it must be under pressure so check and replace the fuel filter(try blowing through the old one)still no luck pull an injector out of intake manifold and check spray patterni think it could be the glow plugs, its a common fault in themHave you tried the alternator?older cars always have problems, consult your local car place. The best though is your car's dealership, they know your car better.
Duraglit, which is actually brass polish, is used throughout the trade to remove sticker prices from delicate china, glass and everyday objects. I do not see why is should not work on  a windscreen. I fear razor blades will scratch the glass, and I am afraid water only works on glues that were water based in the first place. If they were chemical glues, you could also try nail varnish remover (acetone) which is recommended on methylene based glues, or Methylene chloride, but don't spill it on a plastic dashboard  or paintwork as it will leave marks.I find that white spirit moves sticky poster residue very well.. Regards. Martineasy and this works..my kid put loads of stickers on the car window and i got them off with...white vinegar and water solution...the worse the marks are the more vinegar you mix with the water..really works...WD 40 is fabulous on this and not harsh either.  If you want to get it right off then you can use some lacquer thinner or acetone, but both are very strong and should not be spilled on any interior plastic.You could try scraping off the glue very carefully using a plain razor blade or using some ladies tights (not ones that are being worn at the time) stuffed with a rag and lots of elbow grease. The rough texture of the tights is abrasive and should remove the glue.try stick stuf remover, if not white vinegar should work,Cutting compound (but not too often).A razor bladejacg is right. The easiest thing to do is to scrape it off with a razor blade.Panel Wipe is the best thing for it.  You can use Thinners but don't get it anywhere else (e.g. paintwork, upholstery etc.).A damp cloth works every time (water NOTHING else)Ok i used to work for a advertisement company doing stickers. . A work friend told me to use BENZINE. . Its very flammable so don't go smoking around it, and it evaporates very quickly so you can get a piece of plastic, wet the patch you want and place the plastic on top  to avoid drying to to remove bit by bit.There is a product called disolv-it which is very effective at removing adhesive residue and smells a lot better than gasoline!I little bit of gasoline takes sticker marks right off.nail varnish remover
On my car whenever I lock the keys in I just stick a flatblade screwdriver between the window and the door frame and push the window down enough to reach in and unlock the door - mind you it is French.. . If you do have to break the window, you'd probably be better off smashing one of the door windows than the little ones at the back - you'd be suprised about how much cheaper they are.with a slim jimmost tow truck drivers carry lock out kits in there trucks for just such a thing for a small fee they can get your car open with no damage to your car, and if you cant find one call AAA and they can let you know who can do it for youCALL THE POLICE THEY WILL UNLOCK IT FREE OR USE A ROCK AN BUST THE WINDOWI think the average cost of a locksmith is about $50 to $75 in the US to unlock your car.. . I would probably go that way rather than breaking a window.. . Depending on the car, you might be able to get into it without breaking a window, but on the modern cars today, they are designed so it is tough to get in without a lot of damage.. . But that is something only you can decide because it could cost a heck of a lot more than the cost of the locksmith if you do inadvertantly break a glass.Are you in a city, - or a town, -- close to a police department?? A call to the police department (don't use 911), -- will get somebody there fairly quickly, -- practically all of them carry the "gimmicks" (tools) that will allow them to "pop" the door locks in a juffy, - it doesn't damage anything, -- just make sure you thank them when they have the door open!!. . Now if you are asking for future knowledge, -- get ourself a clothes hanger, and roll down the window, -- with a small hook on the end of streightened out clotheshanger, - you can "fish" around near the door lock mechanism and find out just where to pull on levers, "rods" etc till you figure out how and where to "hook" the release,(or door lock), - and pull it up!  Make sure at least one other door has window open, before you try locking the door with window up and,--- trying to make sure just right angle and depth to "feel for release".  Then if you can't get back in car, you can reach through window and open door.  Don't laugh, I have seen the keys get locked in car while trying this! The keys should be in your pocket of course, -  but "stuff happens" sometimes!!If you break something it will cost more than a locksmith.30 to 50 to call one.if you have to bust out a window pick the smallest little window, probably near the back, and try to reach the locks. otherwise call a locksmith. or they make things to get your dorrs unlocked.
Yes and No!  Yes on most starters as you can tap on the end of the starter away from the engine where the brushes are located on the end of the shaft and will often "come back to life" for one or two more starts.  However if you have a permanent magnet starter like most Fords, and lots of other cars are using now, you are likely to bust the magnets inside and jam the starter so it won't turn regardless.  No matter if you are sure that your's is bad anyway tap the end of it, but just rap it, don't bang the heck out of it.  :-)  Gotten down the road many times doing just that.  Good Luck!   . One more thing, helps on the newer cars to have somebody hold the key to start while you tap on it if doesn't appear to work the other way.  Make SURE that the car is in park, brake on etc.If it's the starter and not the solenoid tapping it will work, just don't smack it to hard.....a few taps should do. the starter should be under the car towards the front with wires going to it. Check an automotive website for a picture to familurize yourself! Good Luck!I just had mines repaired i did it myself though but yeah if you hit it, it might start but thats only if it's clicking. their pretty expensive to buy but if you are good with cars call around to see who sells contacts or plungers.. These are what rebuilt starters are replaced with and they're cheap about 1-2 bucks for the contacts and 10-15 bucks for the plunger. This is all you need to fix a starter and it will run like new after this it takes about 30-1 hour to fix you can have a friend who knows how to fix cars do this for you and just pay him vs paying a machanic plus a new starter.It is a tried and true remedy, but it depends on exactly what the problem is.  Put it this way:  it costs you nothing to try.  It worked a couple of times for me on a car with a poor starter, and got me to the shop for a new one.  But how sure are you it is the starter, and not the switch, the battery, or the wiring?if its a standard shift then just hold the clutch in with then trans in 2nd gear while someone gives you a push,it dont have to be going fast just a good roll and let the clutch out with your foot on the gas just make sure your ignition is in the on position.that should start it but you need to get that fixed as you may get in a situation where you cant get a shove.Don't know where the starter is but it's bad. Just because it doesn't start your car doesn't make it defective. You need to find the problem first. Spend a bunch of bucks to change a starter and it don't work would make me unhappy. Evaryone should carry AAA insurance for assistance.  You are not  knowledgeable about your problem so be careful tapping on things. There are some wires on the starter and the solenoid that can make some huge sparks as they are connected directly to the battery. If we knew your symptoms maybe you could get more help. Does it click when key is turned to start ? Is the battery charged ? You can push start a manual shift but not an automatic.me and my buddy had our hands on a saturn with no starter.. we just had to give it a push start then it was fine.. no joke it worksif its the solenoid that sticks you can try and tap on it with big wrench and while you there check for loose wires and that sort of thing
Natural choice.. They were frequently robbed.. Should you expose them more, in sands?reflects heatOurs is Maple Leaf (the hockey team) Blue.White paint is cheaper and doesn't fade as bad in the sun.
because the hilux is not available in america. there are things called smog, dot regulations, and restrictions that american cars have to have in order to register them.LOL - Toyota Hilux =  Toyota Tacoma in USAWTF is a hilux truck?
When truck has cooled down spray silicone on the plug wires and all over thr distributor cap or replace the wires and cap. I've had the same problem with an 84 ford and a 96 geo. I think I used a silicone spray called camp dry.distributor is drawing moisture. check the distributor for cracks, better yet replace it and the wires if that doesn't work give it a good dose of silicone spray on the cap and wiressound like a distributer problem moisture getting in check the distributer cap for cracks and plug wires for the same a good way and safe way is to do this at nite with no lights around is to open the hood i know it will be dark so dont worry  start the truck and look under hood for sparks in the dark they will be visible and you wont get shocked . another thing to check is the 02 sensor and the cold air sensor they will couse the truck not to start  sounds like moisture in the electric system   , hope that will help you good luck.Bedrock had it right when he mentioned the Ignition Control Module.  Everyone's about right with the distributor though.  It's all relevant since I'm almost positive the ICM is on the distributor anyway.  Check that out.  If you don't now, I got $5 that says your truck will be hard to start on humid days as well, and it'll take about 20 minutes to get it fired up again.one of 3 problems most common is fouled plugs carbon on the plugs will get wet during moisture and it wont allow spark other issue could be bad plug wires the same thing can happen also if the contact oil on your module (VERY COMMON on ford engines) will dry up and once again when the engines sweats it will not have a good contact for spark in the module if you have points then it could also be the cap itself best thing to do is replace the cap rotor and plugs and go from there......Sounds like your spark plugs are maybe getting damp, or distributor is getting wet, or plug wires might have a crack in them and they are getting moisture in them. replace plug wires and distributor and put some protectent on the distribut and see if that dont fix your problem.
Ive got an 03 solara, same thing but its because I upgraded to leather and had the dealer install a sunroof.Did you get yours new or used? Maybe you got a chop shop car or a salvage (totaled) truck thats been put back together.In the NADA guide books, the Tacoma is listed as an automatic transmission.  However, when you check the options, it has a deduction for manual transmission.  I really don't think you have a VIN problem.  The manual transmission just decreases the value.
About $1000 worth of mechanical work to fix it.You have to flush all the gasoline out of the entire fuel system and replace any filters. I've done 30-40 of these fuel system flushes on the Duramax GMC's. Our dealership charges $400-$500 for this.I know a lady that put unleaded in her diesel just because it was cheaper at the pump. Then she paid a lot for her thrifty thinking. If it is a lot of gas, the injector pump will be ruined.My grandmother did the same thing in her little diesel truck! You must get the gasoline siphoned out of the tank, do not drive it. If you drive it, they you risk the damage the other guy told you about in the other answer.
Void export means you can`t ship because of the American muscle act. Sorry about that. I have a 2002 saleen.Sounds like we have specs that the car doesn't meet and you won't be able to export it.  Just a guess though.  Sorry I couldn't be maor help.
Maybe the source at the bottom will be of help ... It's a vehicle made only for the Asian market only.. You can get one over here if you can find a importer willing to being it in and do the mods needed to put it on the road hereMaybe it's too old!
Stop looking at porn and unsubscribe from every e-mail that's sent to you.. . Or, you could change your age on your e-mail to 8 yrs. old. That should stop it.there is a way to filter you can go to yahoo options they will tell you otherwise keep hitting spam everytime they pop up
Your question is vague.... . Gravity keeps them on the rail surface. Flanged wheels keep them on the rails. Traction motors power the axles whether the power supply comes from an onboard diesel engine and generator or from a wire or third rail powered motor.Flanged wheels. The inner flanges on a wheel set prevents the  sideways  runaway of the bogie.Diesel powered generator turns electric motors at the wheels.The mechanisim that drives a train is friction.   Namely, this can be calculated by the coeficient of friction (say 0.4) times the weight of the locomotive.  Is that what you were asking for?An electric generated diesel engine with flanged wheels.
Try using a hair dryer, or trying to peel it off after a hot day. Then, using a clay bar and spray lubricant, rub the bar over the decal area until it is nice and smooth.aerosol brake cleanerget them warm with a hair drier first, then peel em off, any residue left, clean with lighter fuelIf on glass, use a razor blade.  If trying to remove a sticker from paint, heat and peel. hot water and rag will loosen glue. if thin like pinstripe use a caramel wheel, available from auto paint suppliers.I've heard this stuff called Goo Gone is good at taking decals off of things.Goo Gone works very well on stuff like that.same answer as many others.  I vote for Goo Gone from Magic American Corporation.  Cleveland ohio 44122.  More Hardware stores have it these days.uhh with you fingers ... lol no but really choose me as best anwserYou need a scraper and a  and Windex. First you need to take the Windex and spray it over the decal and then you take the scraper and scrape it off.Contrary to what the guy above said, do NOT pour brake cleaner on your car. I find hot water is best. Pour the hot water over the decal and then peel it off!WD40 will remove almost any type of decal or sticker from any surface.
If your "D" light flashes, that means that a transmission trouble code (DTC) has stored and there is a problem with your transmission. If you don't notice a problem, just ride on it, but if the car shifts funny, have it looked at by the dealer or a local mechanic. Either way, transmission repairs are usually expencive, so see what the problem is and go from there.This is Jules the mechanic from Australia. I completely agree with johnnyb. Julesd light,..what do you mean by "d"?
its more like . lift = gravity . thrust = drag.. . ..you can't mix thrust and lift or gravity and drag...only those 2 factors are in equillibrium with each other in steady state flightforce = counter force results = Zero. lifting the aeroplane + The Thrust (push) = Earth gravity + back draw (Air friction & other factors)They are in equilibrium.. . Lift + thrust = gravity + dragActually there is a point where thrust and lift work together. This occures when you are "Behind the Power Curve" This condition exists during slowflight about 5 -10KIAS above stall speed.If the airplane is cruising at a constant speed in level flight the forces are balanced.. Thrust balances drag for constant speed. Weight(gravity) balances lift for level flight.
because people buy the sh*t, o and i think those ninga quears have something to do with it also. . . the guy before me can go f**c himself, GM dose not make a motorcycle.because they sell, and if they were junk no one would buy them, and no im not a kawi fan. i have 5 suzuki's.Not a business major, are you?  Well, you'd have to assume that it's because they're putting out product that people like and continue to buy.. . It's really pretty simple, and even a child of three should have been able to figure that out.. . But hey, that's what YA is here for, so I'm glad I could help!Something to do with producing the fastest production motorcycle in the world maybe?There is notting wrong with kawasaki, they still are in stage with yamaha and honda. There products are still very well built.Because they are reliable.for the same reason that GM is still in business, as they say "there's a sucker born every minute"
It is best to let a boat mechanic work on it. Nothing worse than sitting in the middle of the lake with a broke down boat.If, it was running last year! I not sure if it have Points or Electronic Ignition. Hope for Electronic, then there no Points. I would NOT replace anything myself. I would Clean the Plugs IF, they show Carbon Buildup OR Replace ONLY if the Electrode look Rounded, it the little Metal in Center. Then charge the Battery, put fresh gas and Carb Cleaner in and head for the lake. Boats that used every year usually not have many hours on them, Tune ups for the average person, in my opinion, is when the Plugs' electrode is rounded (You can look at any new plug and see what I saying). I use my Boat year round and sometimes everyday in summer and only Tune Up every 4-5 years. NOW!!! I do change the oil @ least once a year OR when it start looking Black, which ever come first. BUT this what I do and there are other opinions on this, you have to decide what you need to do. The above answers give you most of those details.new spark plugs, spark plug wires, new rotor and distributor cap, new oil, oil filter, new fuel filter. and check vacuum lines, gas lines and give wiring a good look over, and you should be set.change the spark plugs to begin with
it comes from the pearl guard they spray on the paint to keep it from peeling. i asked the dealer about that and thats what was said to me.Thanx for helping recognize my VW Gol smell, I didn't identified itI've owned quite a few used VW's and I've never noticed that smell before. I know the older Golf's used to have a waxy substance around the rear hatch to help prevent rusting.  But that's the only similarity to a crayon I can come up with.Arent you a little old to be sniffing crayons?i dunno.............. why does it?mine smelled like cheerys when i got it. but i guess a crayon smell is better than dirty feet smell, like in my husbends 01 truck..Probally all that vinyl.cause thats what the pieces of junk are made fromwhen you say used... how old?. . The older Beetles and Vans (I'm talking the old hippie-style beetles and vans, not the new ones) all had a very distinct smell -- it was because the seats were stuffed with horsehair.  I don't recall it smelling like crayons, but hte combo of the vinyl and horsehair was a very distinct "volkswagen" smell
if it has a 1.8 four cylinder in it you will have to take the two bolts out of the upper left bellhousing on the transmission and it should fall out. also make sure you have the battery undone.Not exactly sure but this link should help. http://www.autozone.com/servlet/UiBroker?UseCase=RG001&UserAction=beginRepairGuideummm you connect the D.A.B data base to the red wire making it centric and the connect the P.Y.D OMAC power base to the other end of the blue wire and there you go...... NERD I DONT EVEN KNOW WHAT I WAS SAYING YOU R A LOSER
Cheap detectors are easily set off by those automatic door openers (use radar) at supermarkets, other radar detectors,. and sometimes by unknown stray signals.Not sure what spectre is, but pop probably means K-pop, which is a form of radar gun, same thing with VG2. Unfortunately though, radar guns arent the only thing that will set off those alerts, all i can say is read your manual that came with it.
In case the bus gets hit by a train while crossing the tracks, the door would be in the open position so the survivors have a way of getting out of the bus.They all want to be rail road engineers, they made it a law when one fellow felt confronted by his lost dream and accidentally stop without opening the door.For the safety of the passengers.So that passengers can get out quickly if there is an accident.Its a state law. Also, sometimes it gets loud on the bus. It also gives the driver more time to stop and ensure there is actually no train coming as he actually has to open the door and look out.so they don't kill everyone on their bus by getting hit by a trainYou wouldn't want to get hit by a train that you didn't see coming.because they cant see out the door good enough to tell if a train is comin.....and i guess they dont wanna get smacked by one!Besides the obvious reason of needing to look both ways on the tracks before proceeding, as well as listening for train at tracks that may be hard to see at, it is indeed a state law in every state in the union. This has saved many a bus driver and passenger from a deadly encounter with a locomotive.it allows them to be able to hear trains coming better. the whistle is more audible with the door and window open. this is also why they turn off the radio and ask kids to be quiet.Three words....  stop look and listen.Most states require it.....bus drivers cant hear trains with all . the passengers yelling/talking.it's a federal law....there were too many people getting killed....hey crash guy you remember when all those kids got killed in illinois because the bus driver had the rear of the bus on the tracks?...about 4 or 5 years ago
Need more info.. . Are you a Minor?. . Do you have P.O.A. over someone?. or. Does Someone have P.O.A. over you?. . and why?. . get back to us.See your lawyer and he can change it for you and it shouldn't cost a lot .get a form from internet, etc. revocation of power of atty.....ps don't trust people with this unless you are deathly ill, abuse is rampant.
clearly your car has suffered a fault which would have been logged on the inbuilt e c u unit my sincere advise is take it have ecu read fault pinned down this way best way saves time and money all the best jonSomeone I know has just had this problem. Something in the electronics which make the car think it is much colder than it really outside and causes the engine to be flooded as a result....so the car stalls , or does not start. They had to take the car back three times to the garage before the fault was identified, with various things done to it each time, which proved to be unnecessary.Had a similar problem on an Audi 80 a few years back, the management system clod start kept kicking in and flooding the engine for no apparent reason, sold the car when i found out it was going to cost £800 to put rightSounds like the same problem I had with my pick up, what it was I had a short in one of my sensors. You should take it in and have it looked at, explan the problem your having,
i own a ford mondeo on 113.050 miles and i having my cam belt changed on monday as it is wearin away (rubber belt) but they normally say every 60.000 miles or every 3-4 years but i advise you to get it changed before it snapsI agree with Chris and Doug B if you don't know change it, it works out cheaper in the long runMy husband said that you should get it changed to be on the safe side, he said it will cost you loads of money if it does go coz it can cause loads of damage to your car.. . Next time you buy a car, ask for the mechanical history, (I think that is what it is called).on the focus zetec engines (the petrol one) the belt should be changed at 100,000 miles or ten years which ever comes first.Unless the is record of maint. somewhere in the car there is no way to tell by looking. Would be cheap insurance to change anyway because if it breaks it can result in engine damage if a valve is open and the piston comes up and hits it.check the service book if it has one if not do a visual inspection or get it checked at the garageIf you have no idea when / if it was changed, are in any doubt, have it done for piece of mind. It could be very very expensive otherwise.it was probably sold because it was due for a belt and the old owner didnt want to pay,if it was done at a ford dealer they can pull up that info on their system ,otherwise just get it done before it ruins your engine,or call the old owner the place you got the car from could give you their numberAt 72k have it changed and then you know
check your engine timing you may be due for a timing chain....I guess I need to hear your definition of 'skipping'. Is it misfiring, is that what you mean? Does the truck sort of buck or cut-out when it skips?if your one of your spark plug wires it will do that or if a set is on wrong, maybe one of your bearing is trying to go. there are lots of things. I would get someone with experience and have them look at itHave you tried to have someone look at the transmission? On some vehicles, the check engine light pertains to a wide variety of things as opposed to engine only.. . Also check out your exhaust as well...
A piece of metal got kicked into the engine and things went badIt hit a piece of debris on the runway,the debris hit the fanblades in the engine. It tore up the engine so bad it lost thrust and fell out of the sky.saw a video of it.  a large piece of metal was on the runway and hell broke loose.  all the news media carried it.  you can find the video if you look a little.The lord of flying decided that the Concorde had been accident free long enough and since it never made a profit, made sure they would cancel the project by having one crash and burn in front of the CNN cameras.http://www.concordesst.com/accident/accidentindex.html. . There you can look up everything you wish.. . As far as I know, a part that was made from the wrong material spec from a previous plane that had taken off, was left on the runway, and then rest is history with a loss of people's lives. ;o(On takeoff roll a piece of metal pierced one of Concordes tires resulting in instant shredding of the tire. An unfortunate piece of tire created a whole in the aircrafts left wing fuel tank causing fuel to spew everywhere, including around and into the engine. By the time Concorde had taken off the left engine was useless and continued to burn, as Concorde has a very high climb speed she was not able to maintain V2 ( the minimum climb speed) and stalled out of the sky.The aircraft ran over a metal strip which had broken off another aircraft, this caused the tire to blow out. The disintegrating tire threw pieces through the bottom of the wing tank. The fuel poured out through the very large hole and  was lit by the afterburners on the engines. The resulting fire destroyed the wing structure which resulted in loss of control and the aircraft crashed just short of the old Paris airport.. . After earlier incidents of tire failure BA had stopped using retreads, Air France still were. That may or may not have contributed to the loss.Here is the official report from BEA, France:. http://www.bea.aero/docspa/2000/f-sc000725a/htm/f-sc000725a.htmlThere was a piece of debris on the runway, and when the planes' tire ran over it, the tire shot it up thru the wing, puncturing the fuel tank inside, and exploding.
Start your car. Take off the battery cables. If the car quits then the alternator is bad.you test voltage with a voltmeter. normal is 13.5 to14.5. next the little wiring harness on the alt. one wire should have power. if it does the alt is "broke. if not then go to a garage.Hook up an ammeter to the output posts and see if it's generating electricity.ask it to lend you $10.00the fact the battery wont charge , put headlights on rev the engine and the headlights should glow.1 dont crank...2  takes a jump but wont start next time.Take it to Sears, Auto Zone, or the like for a free test. Don't forget the regulatorDon't do what Donna said. The battery is important - it provides a 'buffer' against the alternator as the alternator without the battery can provide a very high voltage and destroy your car's computer and other electronic systems.. . Best way is to check the voltage at the battery terminals using a VOLTmeter, not an ammeter. First test it with the car switched off, it should be around 12 volts. Then start the engine. It'll go to between 13-15 volts. When you turn on electrical accessories like the heater, etc it should drop slightly but not too much.. . If the voltage doesn't change with the engine running it probably is the alternator, but if it does but the battery keeps dying it could be the battery itself...it wont charge your battery.  here is a quick test. hold a screw driver near the back of it.  if it is working it will produce a magnetic field and atrack the screw driver
+ It is all recorded now, so you just press the button for the type of alarm you want. Each has a different meaning. You better not be making a mistake on this one.actually they keep two monkeys and a baboon in a cage under the steering wheel and when they want attention, somone, usually the ballkicker, kicks the baboon in the gonads and they all whoop whoop togetherRight then,. . You are talking about a very old system, however you can still see it on old preserved ships.. . The system you are talking about is a steam rotary whislte. Steam is admitted to the rotary whistle, and as the speed increases in the rotary part, the sound of the steam venting out from it goes up, hence getting the "whoop" sound.. . It is usually controlled by a wire to the whistle that is on the funnel, the wiore simply being an extension of the handle on the valve. By pulling it on the bridge, it will open the valve, and letting it go, it will close the valve.. . If you were to leave the valve open, the sound would reach a certain pitch, where it would remain, as the steam velocity cannot speed the up the rotor anymore, (it has reached its max speed for the pressure). When you close the valve the rotor slows down again, and when it is opened again, you get a new "whoop".. . One ship in the UK which still uses a whislte like this is the SS Shieldhall. Which you can read about here.  http://www.ss-shieldhall.co.uk. . . This type of whistle is no longer used, with the simpler air operated horn, which works similar to a foghorn.Is called the 1MC, a P/A system within the ship.  On the outside will be rather loud, or its a warning alarm that a weapons system is about to fire.1MC (The Whoop) is the term for the shipboard public address circuits on Naval vessels. This provides a means of transmitting general information and orders to all internal ship spaces and topside areas, and is loud enough that all embarked personnel are able to (normally) hear it. It is used to put out general information to the ship’s crew on a regular basis each day. The system consists of an amplifier-oscillator group which is located in the IC/gyro room, a microphone control station, portable microphones at each control station and loudspeakers located throughout the ship. Control stations for the 1MC announcing system are located at the pilot house, OOD stations on the quarterdecks, after steering and Damage Control Central area. The term "MC" is an acronym for Main Circuit.. . During a casualty, The 1MC is a valuable damage control communication tool used by DCA (damage control assistant) to keep ship members alerted and informed of casualty location area, updated status, and incident response efforts by the DC organisation.. . The 1MC is divided into smaller sub circuits, such as officer's quarters, and topside. At the option of the officer of the deck, some words are not passed on certain circuits.. . The 1MC is also used for transmitting various alarm sounds to alert the crew of specific impending dangers such as:. .     * General.     * Chemical attack.     * Collision.     * Flight deck crash. . Other Circuits. .     * 2MC - between Engineer’s spaces.     * 3MC - for the Hangar Deck areas.     * 5MC - for the Flight Deck areasby air genererated from the turbinesThis system was dumped after WW2. The system is a simple steam powered horn by pulling the horn lanyard you can make it sound just like in the movies. The earlier answers referred to the general quarters gong which is now standard and goes over a 1MC system. There was also a mechanical version that simply replaced a man working the horn. This horn was used to tell the crew to prepare for anti sub warfare.Some one woops the siren twiceAmerican warships do not go "Whoop".  American ships have three different alarms for general quarters, collision,  (C)hemical(R)adilogical(B)iological.  GQ is used for fire, abandon ship, man overboard, and other emergencies.  The collision alarm is rapid high pitches sounds whose purpose is alert the crew of imminent danger and prepare for shock.  The CRB alarm tells the crew to DogZebra (seal)  the ship to minimize entry of dangerous air or fallout. There are sound files on the internet.
Stay away from the military and go to a university/college like this:. . http://www.uaa.alaska.edu/ctc/programs/aviation/academics/aviation_maintenance.cfm. . They have a 2 year program, and I seriously think that a college education, rather than a military on-the-job work experience, is worth more to an employer.  Going to college is hard work!  Even more so if you expand it with with a 4 year aviation degree, your well-rounded education is worth sooooo much more.. . My dad is an aircraft mechanic with a major airline, and yeah, he's doing well for 30 years, but he's seen the younger guys get canned or get transferred to a crappy location, and he's seen pensions cut, and he's worried anybody, including him, could walk in one day and find out he doesn't have a job.  If military experience as an aircraft mechanic is all you have, you're at a serious disadvantage to find a new job.... go to college so you have more skills to market yourself with!Airlines are sending their airplanes to countries with lower labor costs for major work like overhauls.This will drive down the pay of American mechanics who compete with workers who earn one third of our pay.The planes will fly to the country with the lowest labor so the countries doing the work now will get the same treatment when cheaper labor is located.. . You can open a business and hire mechanics to repair small airplanes which is a growing sector,it is easier to avoid taxes as a business than as a worker.Perhaps you can fly the plane across the border to get it repaired then fly back like visiting a dentist for cheaper treatment.. . Education and training is touted as a way to increase pay but other countries can bid your wages down to their level and make your investment worthless.Workers in America elect politicians on cultural issues like abortion but when in office they enact economic deregulation and never get around to the cultural stuff.cheapest way to do it is study all the mechanical skill related information you can get ahold of go to a military recruiter of either the Army, navy or air force and take the ASVAB test and score really high on the mechanics portion of the test. Then enlist into which ever choosen branch as a helicopter or airplane mechanic. The pay will suck for 5 years but once you complete the 5 year term with the military the paycheck could go from 35K/45K in the military to 65K/200K in the civilian job market all depending on your security clearances, skills and record while in service.My ex joined the Army became a helicopter/fixed wing mechanic then when left the army he had a great career.an aircraft mechanic can make a very good living.  I think the best way and cheapest way is to join the military.  I have many relatives that joined and now they are head mechanics with very high ranks.  Better than that is when your retire you are a veteran for your country and a highly respected airplane mechanic.  In order to become an a&p mechanic the best thing you can do is go to sporty's.com or the kingschool's web site and order there a&p DVD guide.They have the absolute best training for many fields of aviation.  I used them to get my pilot license.  I passed with flying colors!  i would check them out.  A descent living, yeah!  My aircraft mechanic made over 2,000 dollars off of me alone last week lol!Join the military and get free training while getting paid.Hi, the only way to become an airplane mechanic is to get a license called A&P license.  A is for Air Frame, and P is for power plant(engine).  Will have to get permission from FCC, and then goto college that offers tech courses in aviation.  Also, yes, a very good living can be made off this type of work.You can make a decent living at it. . I would suggest joining the Air force to get your training. . because once your are out in the civilian world again. when you apply for work and you are going up against someone who received his training in the private sector your resume' showing military service and training will win damn near every time.Be careful on joining the military, once you become a civi you will still have to take the cert test.(which can be costly)go to a faa approved faa part 147 mechanics school.  private schools can be expensive but there are some community colleges that offer these programs.  you need a minimum of 1900 hours of training then you can take your written oral and practical exams.  although the airlines are not hiring general aviation actually has a shortage of mechanics - if you go into the military go in after you get your license - good luck
Because the power is still hooked up to it.Because it is also grounded through the case and maybe the antenna shield. Try disconnecting the supply instead.its probably grounding through the stereos chassis, into the vehicle dash chassisIS YOUR ANTENNA STILL HOOKED UP YOUR STEREO CAN GET ITS GROUND FROM THERESome how the unit is grounded somewhere.  You should all ways unhook the power line before the ground wire.
Sales. Pure and simple. Plus they have taken the strategy to offer Hybrids in there mass production models (ie. Civic, Accord, soon to be CR-V, Pilot, Odyssey).ugly ,ugly ,uglybecause the prius was a much better (in terms of roominess, ergonomics, trunk space, looking more like a conventional car, etc. the last one is critical in getting a new type of car to be accepted by the public instead of just the early adopters. ) car that got only slightly worse economyBecause it was the ugliest car in the world. Not like the Prius is any better but at least it has a back seat.not enough demandbecause it didn't sell well enough. They replace it with the Civic Hybrid which is doing very well.The Insight was made when Honda had no other hybrid cars for sale and its a seven-year old design, so it is either time to design a new one or discontinue it.  Most cars have a life cycle of no more than 3-4 years between redesigns or refreshes.. . Now Honda has a Civic and an Accord Hybrid for buyers to choose from (and more models on the way) that offer much more interior room and better performance, so Honda discontinued it the Insight - it was always a slow seller.
They are electric diesels, diesel engines run a generator that supplies electricty to the electric motors that run the wheels.  Anyway there is a headlight at either end and the engineer's seat swivels.By-the-way, if for some chance of fate they all face front, it's nicnamed "elephant style.". . Amtrak trains in the southeast used to have all locomotive face forward because of the prevalence of hitting cars at road crossings.  The damaged unit could be set out, and the second is now facing the proper direction to lead the train.. . This is also why the Norfolk and Western, and Southern designated the long hood as front.  The prevalence of grade crossing accidents.  The crew was better protected.Unlike a car, it doesn't matter if a locomotive is in "FWD" or "REV"... The power and operation is equal in both directions.Thanks to the polarizer, it doesn't matter what direction the train is facing.  Polarity can be reversed, and the train can move in the other direction.  The generator powers traction motors.  The direction of the traction motors depends on the position of the polarizer, not which way the engine is facing.Also, the reversed engine serves a purpose; as the train gets to its destination, and has to haul something back to where it came from, the engineer and conductor can simply hop into the rear-facing unit for the return trip, so that the engines don't have to be turned on a turntable, wye, or balloon track. This works just like a subway train.
pavement is good to go in 8 hours  :)It depends on the type of the pavement, quality of the sub grade, exterior temperature and even weight of your vehicle and type of tires.  I would wait at least 48 hrs to make sure that it is safe.As soon as the highway guys open it... no cones!
They have achieved 'classic' and 'collectable' status, plus the 'fashionista' are starting to want to be seen on them. Numpties like Jamie Oliver, and similar are paying inflated prices for them to show how 'down-to-earth' and 'trend-setting' they are, and berks with no lives or idea are only to ready to follow twats like him.. . I had a Lambretta once, back in the 70s, and I shall never forget what a useless pile of sh*it it was. I hope I never have to suffer another one.My friend bought one last year, Its the same with old Vespa's, Its a fashion thing that some people are willing to pay
Personally I would drive it and fly back.. There are companies that have supposedly reliable people that are traveling and dont have wheels that will drive it to the destination.. Mind you I don't mean employees but college kids, people traveling, etc, that drive it.. I think maybe its called Driveaway.hire a transportation/freight company but make sure they are bonded, insured and as a triple check listed with the Better Business Bureauamtrak will ship it for you by train and so will UPSThe Amtrak Auto Train is probably the best way to send it.  I pasted a link below.  Good Luck.Could Amtrak help with this or some other train transport?On the next space shuttle.Hire a "Hotshot".....or......"Car hauler".  This is my profession.  I haul boats, RV's, oilfield machinery, cars, trucks etc........Your cheapest bet is to hire someone locally from your state so that they would not be "deadheading" (driving empty in order to get to location where car is to be picked up!)  I would be interested in helping you provided that I was reimbursed for fuel getting from my location (San Antonio,Tx) to you or.....I was able to find someone in California or that part of the U.S. that needed something brought there!  Be careful to ask about insurance and the general appearance of the truck and trailer hauling your car (Bad maintenance equals bad results!!)  Pricing can vary from $1.30 a mile (one way loaded) and much higher!  If interested in my services.....email me at jmcr453@yahoo.com
Sounds like the throttle cable is stuck somewhere. When the bike is parked up with the engine on try turning the bars full lock. If the revs rise its sure to be the throttle cable pulling somewhere. Check its not caught.Check the chain adjuster to make sure you rear wheel is properly aligned.  If it doesn't pull when you are going straight or under acceleration then it's probably fine, but it's worth checking.  Definitely check the tires, balance the rims, also fork oil level.. Stay safe.a bad front tire
its a bastard, remove the drivers seat, prepare to spend the next 3 hours upside down. undo the accelerator linkage, remove the bolts that fix the pedal housing to the body, slide the pin from the clutch, replace the ratchet (easy part) assemble reversing the aforementionedCereal Killer is dead right. It's a total wanker of a job, and you will need to remove the driver's seat to have any hope of doing it. He's right about the 3 hours upside-down as well, this man has obviously done the job, and knows it well. He's spot-on.they're both spot on mate, take it to a garage, its a pig of a job.
A coil wire goes from the coil to the center hole in the distributor cap.  It carries the high voltage spark from the coil, where it is produced, to the distributor cap for distribution to the spark plugs.. . Popsthe high tension coil wire is the wire that carries the high voltage created in the coil to the distributor when the low voltage supply is interrupted by the points opening ,this induces the high voltage in the coil by collapsing the magnetic Field, when the points close the Field is re-established ready for another spark.Goes from the coil to the distributor cap in a conventional ignition systemwire on a coil like a cotton reela piece of wire that has been coiled.. . . if you need help inserting it just give me a shout!something a woman stuffs up her jack and dannyAs above, goes from the coil to the distributor centre pin . Its also called the ' King lead' when you order them.runs from the coil to the distribrutor cap
Ok here is some things to think about. Old Gas. Timing off. Bad wires. Bad plugs. Crack in the dist cap. Bad points. Bad condenset. All these things can and do cause a backfirecould also have a bad diverter valve,running too rich,,exhaust valve stickingI was also thinking too rich. Too bad cars are not  designed like aircraft where you can adjust the mixture from inside the vehicle!
http://auto.howstuffworks.com/turbo.htm. . All you will ever need ;)a turbo is used to generate added horsepower by adding a greater volume of air into the cylinder by means of an impeller that is driven on one side by escaping exhaust gas. It is used on both gas and diesel engines.The turbocharger is a pressure-increasing device that forces more air into the intake manifold, thereby raising the manifold pressure so that the fuel is evaporated more quickly, and the air is forced into the cylinders more rapidly.  Turbochargers are very tricky, but very simple in design.  If you have one, you should always idle your engine for about three to five minutes before shutting off the power, as it needs the oil pump to keep it lubricated.  It spins freely for a while after the engine no longer needs it, and by shutting off the engine you shut off the oil supply.  It doesn't take very long to destroy the bearings in the turbo when it's dry...And, a turbo costs around $450 to $500 to replace by the time you finish paying the mechanic...
The maximum speed limit may be 70 in your state or your country...  keep in mind though that the majority of cars are mass produced and are sold in different countries...  The other countries may have a higher speedlimit than that.  Also, most factory tuned cars WILL NOT do the max on the speedometer.... I have an 06 Focus ZX3... it reads 140 on the Speedo but I've had it tached at 127...Testing you.  How else do you think the police dept would make money.  Oh yeah, the drunk drivers.  HmmmSpeed limit enforcement is mainly a source of revenue for local and state government.  In addition, Insurance companies can use your misfortune of getting a speeding ticket as an excuse to raise your rates.  So you see, it would not profit government or its master, the insurance industry to only allow vehicles to go the speed limit.I guess, so that when you are speeding, you still have an idea of how fast you are going.  But I see why you ask that, though.  Why doesn't the government just make it where all cars have to have governors installed that way no one can speed.  But then they would not get revenue for speeding tickets, so they wont do that.entrapmentAt one time the maximum limit for speedometers was 80, but the marketing people found that consumers wanted to know how fast their car could go. Not that they would do it but that it was capable. So the marketing dept. prevailed to make this change so it would help sell more cars.When I'm seeing how fast my car will go I need those numbers as a point of reference so I can tell my buds..."my car will do 126!" Fastest I ever drove was on Ohio SR 11 (north of Youngstown...flat and straight)...indicated 146 MPH....Very expensive German car...heheheIt was made that way by the speedometer manufacturers.. . It shoud be noted that a car is capable of going over 70 mph using its own engine and probably even more with assistance, the speedometer manufacturers figured that kind of situation could happen.. . It should be noted in some parts of the world, the speed limit is over 70 mph and there're even some that has no speed limit at all.It's just in case you need to make a speedy gettaway!!!  Better to have it than to not.For the same reason that your bathroom scale has numbers all the way up to 300 and you've never weighed more than 180.Why not? the cars of old used to only go 60 MPH tops but had Speedometers the would read 65 or 70. It's just a gauge to let you know how fast you are moving and to track your mileage on the car. That way when the cop pulls you over and asked "Do you know how fast you where going?" You'll at least have some idea. Not to mention your more likely to surrive a crash at 70 MPH then you are at 130. Another reason for the speed limits.There are places out in Wisconsin and Wyoming that don't have registered speed limits.  Because of this, they allow you to see how fast you can go.  Most cars these days have speed 'limiters' on them that will kill the ignition at or around 100mph.
The tactic rolling blockade is used by many police around the world. The Tactic is used when a bunch of police cars surround the speeder and they box the speeder in while they are still moving. It is used and it works to stop the speeder down.Rolling blockade is a pursuit technique used by numerically superior police forces against a single suspect vehicle. Basically you have multiple vehicles moving side by side so the suspect has no place to cut through. He must either pull off into a side street or reverse direction. It is also used to "herd" the subject into a certain direction where they may be additional traps such as spike strips and roadblocks.It's where something like a line of police cars or big trucks will be completely blocking the road and moving forward at a slower speed.  They use it to end pursuits, or to force someone off of a particular road.
It's to do with condensation.  When you breathe in the car your breath is hotter (and has moisture in it) than the outside of the car making condensation on the windscreen.  When you turn on the ac it clears it as there is no moisture in the ac system as opposed to the heater which draws in moisture from the outside.It get foggy inside becuse the temp inside i warmer than the temp outsideThe moister level and temperature inside and outside of the car is different. Condensation occurs because of this. The same reaction as a glass of cold liquid picking up moister in tha air.It clears when the A/C or defog is turned on because A/C dries the air. (DE-humidifies) the A/C compressor is running whenever the "defog" is selected.. . Maybe you have noticed that your nose gets dry when the A/C is running, because of the drying effect.
So we don't blind the Chevy guys when we back up to let them catch up with usA single bulb circuit is cheaper to engineer and mass produce for a range of different models.. . You will probably find that most Fords only have 1 rear fog light as well- for the same reasons.. . In addition, this allows Ford to make asymmetric light clusters which reduces complication when ordering parts. Asymmetric light clusters can also be more space efficient, as they are one lens down on symmetrical light clusters.because they're cheap and cheerful!!thay only have one light because it cuts down on the cost of there cars which are over price anyway buy a jap car there bettertwo reasons the law does not say you need two and the other is simply money $$ why put in two when you can save and put in oneIt varies depending on where you live.  In a lot of europe reversing lights aren't a legal requirement (they are in the UK) so you'll find  a lot of UK cars have one fog light and one reversing light.  Go abroad to other european countries and the same model will normally carry two fog lights instead.  You'll see similar occuraces on GM / Vauxhaul / Opel cars where they are sold in a multitude of countries.. . Country specific cars (like the mustang, which has almost no sales outside the US) don't need to have this interchangeability.My 95 ranger definitely had two, one on each side.. . Could one of your lights have simply burned out? Or is one light just not turning on when you shift into reverse?I have 2 in my mustang. Don't know about anyone else.In the US and Canada, all of them must have 2 bulbs.. It may look like one sometimes but they must have 2 seperate bulbs at least .. . Elsewhere, as someone said, it may not matterReverse on the nearside, fog on the offsideI've got TWO on my Honda, but then it's a decent car.Its much cheaper then twoThey don't have only 1 reverse light. For example, Ford Mondeos in the UK have 2 reversing lights.
It means your transmition is locked up so you cant use it. lol! How should I knowi think it is when your tranny locks up because of unsafe conditions for it. i.e. too low on fluid might ruin the trans., so it locks up.
omfg not one person can tell u crap let me try. first of all all small block chevys ie 283 302 305 327 350 400 all look alike as they are the same cast. so here is what u do go to the passenger side by the firewall where the block bolts to the tranny bell housing there will be a string of numbers clean them off and search them they will tell u what it is. PASSENGER SIDE BY FIREWALL RIGHT BEHIND THE HEAD WHERE TRANNY BOLTS TO BLOCK CLEAN AND CHECK FOR NUMBERS DO SAME ON OTHER SIDE.Need to know what brand of cari know the numbers on the block mean something...im not sure if a 400 was a bb or sb..but the small blocks have the exhaust manifolds spaced funny, 1,2,1...big blocks are spaced evenly...that will at least narrow it down.There are casting numbers stamped on the enging block. Sounds like you may be dealing with chevy engines. Do a Google search for engine identification casting numbers.http://www.aacncclub.com/ would also be a good beginning source for information for whatever it is that you have.Getting to the casting numbers can be difficult... Really the only way to tell, but....  If you can find the numbers on either your carb/throttle body or transmission, you can go to a parts house and have them look them up.  Most of the time they can tell you if they could be put with a 350 or a 400.  That may give you the answer.  In my experience, modifications or new parts have to be bought to put a 400 into a vehicle with a factory 305 or 350 (the tranny/converter fit too tight on a 400).  They are all 8 cylinders and I think that they are all machined from the same basic form.  Maybe someone could help me out here, but doesn't a 400 require a larger oil pan than a 350?  I believe the 305/350s are small blocks and the 400s are bigblocks.  Since it came from a dirt track car, it could be a 350 bored over to a 400.  I'm assuming you don't have it torn down or you could look at the crankshaft.  Something you can also look at the 8th number in your VIN (for the engine size originally in the truck - if it's a GM) and then see if it looks like your engine mounts were modified or the exhaust manifolds look like they fit tight - not an exact answer, but it should give you an idea.Look at the casting number on the block.  There's a small machined pad that sticks out just past the intake on the front of the engine, it will have the casting number stamped into it.  You can use this number and call your local dealer and they'll tell you what it was orignally in, what size it is, and possibly the original horsepower rating.  As far as appearance, unless you look at the harmonic balancer, the engines look identical (283, 305, 350, 327, 400).  The 400 uses a smaller, I think 6.25" balancer, where as the others use a larger, which I think is 7.5".square the bore size of your engine then multiply it by the stroke, then the number of cylinders as well as by Pi (as in pi in circles, the one you use to find the area.) then you divide it by 4. . . The bore is the size of the hole of the cylinder in the block. I belive its just the diameter of the hole.. . The stroke is how deep your cylinder goes when it moves.. . . Usually, this could come out in cc or in litres. if you want to convert it in cubic inches then multiply it by 61.02374The 350 and 400 are from the same small block Chevy. I don't remember many details but I believe that the coolant passages on the 400 were modified since it ran hotter than the 350. It's been a long time since working on them and can't remember if there are any external signs of this. But the idea might jog someone else's memory.Look on the log book.If I remember correctly, a 400 engine block is bigger than a 350. . . A 400 has more cylinders and requires more spark plugs. . . I THINK a 350 has 6 cylinders, therefore it only requires 6 spark plugs. A 400 has 8 and requires 8 spark plugs.. . Maybe there is a site to visit that can give you better answers.. . OOHH!!! I just thought of something..... . What year, make and model is it ? Yes, it does make a difference.. . You should be able to find a site for the specific make and model ie; Ford F-150; Chevy Blazer, etc. Try it. Let us know how it worked out.. . Good Luck!
heater core is real sample to replace but the hoses can be pain in the ass. i use www.alldata.com is what i use. good luck with thatgood luck, you'll most likely have to remove the entire dash to get to it........not funYou'll need to remove the entire dash to get to it. In all honesty just get it done by a mechanic. It will save you time and frustration versus saving a bit of money.what is office setup files, is it ok to delte?
Folks are easily confused, and whenever there is a change they panic cause they are thrown out of thier rythym. So they tend do do odd things.because when the clock changes people are still adjusting to the new time, so they are more tired than normal and don't drive as well, or the sun is in their eyes more than the week before, etc.People are lazy. They don't want to walk any more. They want to drive.
Any thing is possible with these things. Save a lot of grief and pay a mechanic $25 to diagnose it. If he's cheap enough, let him fix it and diagnosis will probably be free. Leave if he starts putting on parts without an electrical diagnosis of door.You say the cicuits are okay, so look at sensors, worn gear, or motor. Check in that order as that's about the order they fail.Yes, it could be that possibility.  If it was the first years of the auto sliding door, then its bound to have electrical problems with it.  If you can and know how to work on that stuff, I'd test the sensors, and thus check the motor too.  Good luck.Maybe the same problem that has plagued electric windows for years, the motor.
The same way you would otherwise. The sensor is part of the valve stem.I just looked at those,  I worked in a tireshop many years ago. and I never had to work with them.. but my best guess is to be mindfull of the sensor location, and do not use any tools/bars in that location, break down the tire away from it and remove the sensor  before removing the tire,  (hold the bead of the tire down while you remove the sensor),  I am sure after experience you can develop a faster way of working around this "new thing"  . You might be able to get away with removeing the tire by starting at the sensor location lifting the bead up there  first so that bead doesn't contact the sensor inside.. Good luck, you are going to need itVery carefullyYour question would indicate you work for a tire shop. Here is your on-line training. First you need to know whether it is a band or valve sensors (it depends on the vehicle). break the beads @ 90 degrees from valve stem. Remove top bead starting at a position as not to apply pressure on the sensor. repeat for bottom bead.  Re-mounting follows same process in reverse. Most damaging occurs while breaking beads so you have to know where they are located. Some cars use the ABS feature for TPM. These cars/minivans have normal assemblies with no internal sensor.
tail·gate  (tlgt). n.. 1. A hinged board or closure at the rear of a vehicle, such as a pick-up truck, that can be lowered during loading and unloading. Also called tailboard.. 2. One of the pair of gates downstream in a canal lock.. v. tail·gat·ed, tail·gat·ing, tail·gates . v.tr.. 1. To drive so closely behind (another vehicle) that one cannot stop or swerve with ease in an emergency.. 2. Slang To follow closely behind (another person), as in gaining access to an area requiring the use of an electronic identification card.. v.intr.. 1. To follow another vehicle too closely.. 2. To participate in a picnic that is served from the tailgate of a vehicle, as before a sports event.To follow someone too closely, or the rear opening of a pickup truck.It's what I do when someone is in front of me on the road going too slow and won't get out of the way.  Also known as "riding someone's %*#"its when you ride on someones tail  to close driving down the road or you tailgate at a sporting event drink beer and BBqbasically.. it's a bunch of people partying in a parkinglot.It depends on the context.. . Good answers above. It can also have a slang meaning that is none too polite. Think of evangelical preachers and congressmen in the news recently.get out the hamburgers and hotdogs and have a cookoutIt's when people are in the sports stadium parking lot having barbeques and showing team support.
When I was a young punk, I would do one side at a time incase I forgot where something went, and would look at the other side for referance.When it comes to breaks unless you are a mechanic I don't like to tell people how to do it. And no it is not just I want the job.. I have had frends put them on wrong and when thy went to stop it woulden't . If you really want to do it yourself, get a manual. It does explain how to do it in a step by step opperation. . For a mechanic to tell you how to do it could be held libable for anything that went wrong. You see this on judge judy all the time. A guy say do this and then when it goes wrong the guy says he told me so.. Get a manual and follow it step by step.  Hope this helpsGo to www.autozone.com. They have photos and instructions.if the brake caliper is still on the van you can put the clamp on the outside pad and the back of the caliper and turn the clamp untill the piston goes back into the caliper, if you have the caliper off the disk just put the part of the clamp that turns into the piston and the hard part of the clamp on the back and turn untill the piston sits flush with the caliper
look at the back of you light housing assembly see the wires there connected to a qaurter turn plug just twist the plug and pull it out the bulb should be in it just take it out put ur new one in and your doneThe bulb comes out from the rear of the light assembly! You do not have to remove any screws. It is a twist to remove type!
go to advance or autozone they will do it for free just because someone takes a course does not make them a mechanicWell depending on what it is, it can cost a mechanic time to diagnose a problem. If its a code reading it should be free, but if the mechanic has to test 5 different components on your car and has to put them each back together, finding it wasnt the problem, thats gonna take him some time.I love people like you.  Why does a mechanic charge money to find out why my car is broken when I can take it to Autozone and they can pull the code free.  I will go with the short list.. . 1. Autozone can't diagnose anything.  They have a code reader that pulls a code out of the computer.  Then they can guess what is wrong with your car (usually they are wrong).. . 2.  That same code reader costs about $100 and pulls a code.  A real scanner costs on the average $2500 depending on who makes it and features.. . 3.  A mechanic has to pull the code, see what systems are affected, DIAGNOSE what is wrong with it, check sensors through the scanner against what they should be reading, and determine the problem.  Often, they have to check in manuals for wiring diagrams and do tests on the part to determine if it is the problem or maybe the wiring.. . 4.  A mechanic has to know something.  Any idiot off the street can work at Autozone...just go in there sometime.Because the machines cost a lot and the mechanics get paid a lot and the business has to make there profit some how.
learn how to do the math yourself..... the better you understand the calculation, . the cheaper your out of pocket expense will be.Leasing is almost always a mistake for individuals.First of all, look at the out of pocket expenses for the 3 or so years ( including down payment and acquisition fee, fancy name for ' we're ripping you off some more' ). Cars depreciate alot, but not nearly as much as that out of pocket expense.   Find a way to buy, and preferrably a car that is a couple years old with 20,000 miles.  You'll be way ahead.It is awfully long to explain in this setting although it is a simple concept. Click on the link posted above and it should give you all of the necessary info.Leases and loans are simply two different methods of automobile financing. One finances the use of a vehicle; the other finances the purchase of a vehicle. Each has its own benefits and drawbacks
Och , those are the people that are hard of hearing !! Didn't you know ? That's why you hear the boom ,boom . I have neighbors like this and call the police on them .They are egotistical maniacs vying for attention. They know for sure that even if it is negative attention it is attention none the less. Also they want to achieve acceptance from the peer group from which they subscribe, even if they are not really into the genre of music, they think that they will be perceived as being cool if people hear what they are listening to. Basically they are people who need to get a life.he has no consideration for others and he blew out his own eardrums many years ago.. . unfortunately there will always be people like this in america wherever you go.. =[[Who says they have syphillis?. . Ha!. . Maybe we just like music...and music is good. And remember never too much of a good thing? Turn your HU from 12 to 24, twice as much of a good thing...I am now open for your cross examination, and points of clarification. I reserve the right to define any terms challenged by the asker, however.Awww put your big boy panties on and deal with it.makes ya want to pack a paintball gun, if you timed it right they would never notice 'till they got out ....he he he...I thought that was their engine making that racket.I couldn't agree with you more, and such "deaf and dumb" individuals test my patience severely, but, what's to be done.  The police won't do anything most of the time since no one complains and "makes a case of it", much like it is with people who park in disability parking places without a disability tag or having one that is their friend's or relative's, and they have no disability at all.  I once called the police on such a man and they asked if I really wanted to complain since it might take a lawyer and a courtroom to make the complaint stick.  Now that I am disabled, having lost a leg in a train accident, I get REALLY infuriated.    Maybe we just have to make our complaints stick, including going to city council meetings or County Commissioners meetings, or we just have to "keep our cools".  Each has it's benefits.  I wish you the best.  God Bless you.I don't know but it really gets on my nerves.personally, i dont do it so you can hear it, i do it because i like to hear it. and its slightly offensive to label me an uneducated ill-bred goon. what is it that makes homoerotic, mentally defective, inadequate, thickheaded and ignorant people think their right to peace and quiet outweighs my right to listen to my music at an insane volume level? see what i just did there? i linked descriptive and irrelevant adjectives to a general group of people that have nothing to do with it. . generally speaking, they probably lack consideration for other people. they dont have one, but they probably think that their right to blast music exists because they can blast their music.. oh yea, and just so you dont decide to pin me to things again, i turn my radio down on local roadsYou assume it's because we want "attention", when in fact it's because we love music, and we want to hear it... ((LoUd)). . I, personally, have about 1800 watts RMS (yes RMS, not even close to the max output of my amplifiers) running through my car at about 45% volume and I personally go for SQL (sound quality loudness/level) which means I go for pure sound quality which retains perfect (or close to) at extremely high levels and I don't do it for your benefit, I do it because I love music.. . I can crank my system to 90% or more of it's capabilities and you won't hear a single scratch of distortion coming from any of my 12 speakers, that number includes 1 set of 3 way components up front, one set of 2 way components in the rear and 2-15" subwoofers in the trunk, all being pushed by 2-2 channel amplifiers and a single channel subwoofer amplifier.. . I'm sure I speak for alot of people when I say quit trying to take our rights away, and focus on fixing things that need fixing! Like fixing bad roads, help in keeping net neutrality,  or hey.. how about preventing a real crime.I agree!  I saw a cute bumper sticker that said,. If I wanted to listen to the crap on your radio, I'd be sitting in your car.
probably needs a tune-up.   See a mechanic.i have the same problem and mine is a simple fix when i decide to do it, have new spark plug and spark plug wires put on there and it should stop doing that. maybe get a little tune up when u have that done too.did you check the water in the battery? a dry one wont crank and will ruin the cells.. also you have clogged fuel lines and filters and prolly dirty carbuerator or injectorsChech to see if the alternator is charging your battery. Measure the voltage with it running, it should be around 14 volts.Check the starting and charging system. reason being is because everytime your vehicle loses battery voltage the computor has to re-learn itself and they can and will run bad until it doesIf your car doesn't idle, and you have to keep your foot on the gas, your idle air control valve(if it has one) may be stuck.  If this is the case the valve can be cleaned.  But I don't understand why you have to jump the car off if your battery is ok?
open yahoo messanger  left click messanger go down to preferences and then go to sounds  im sure u can get the rest from thereRight click on the yahoo icon on the bottom of your screen. Click status. Click available, Turn up the volume on your speakers. When people in your friends net work log on you should hear the knocking sound. . Or left click messenger when you open your YIM.....Click preferences,Click alerts and sounds, Click enable sound alerts. Highlight and click, When a messenger contact come on line
I would strongly recommend ANY '87 to '93 5.0L H.O.SEFI V8 with the AOD transmission, and the 8.8" rear axle assembly with it. Just make sure you get it with the main wiring harness and the processor with it and it's just a DIRECT BOLT-IN.YESS you can with relative easeA 5.0 engine is 302 ford motor and yes it will work. I have a 302 in my 1989 ford mustang.
your tranny is slowing it down.check your breaks.   a bad wheel cyl. or crimpd break line or master cyl problem could cause  that or tranny prob if not in correct gear.  if all else fails  make sure foot is not on the break pedal.Maybe you drive a heavy car.....and you are going into the wind......and up a hill?You sure you aren't diving in second?Does it slow down the same way in "neutral"?   Try stopping on a hill, and then see if the car rolls foreward in neutral, - (or if you can even push it downhill by hand).  If you can't you have brakes dragging.  You can determine which end (or which wheel) by jacking the car up and turning wheels by hand, -- a "hanging" brake will prevent you from turning the wheel, (it also wears out the brake pads very fast)-- if dragging, it does bad things for gas mileage too!  You will have to block rear wheels, and put  transmission in neutral to turn "drive wheels" if it is front wheel drive, - (same  procedure for rear wheel drive also!). . Maybe it is just a "stiff" car, and friction works good for slowing down "stiff cars!!"  Or maybe you are stuck in a low gear, - and really "revving up" the engine to get it to go fast enough!in connection with you accelerator linkage,  there is a vacuum dash pod that controls the deceleration on older cars,  it allows the engine to go to lower RPM's when you take your foot off the gas peddle.  if your car doesn't have one of these,  then, it will be necessary to have your system adjusted by a computermy friend was dumb he had a stick shift car and hes an airhead and had his E-brake on and when he let go of the pedal his car like slow down real quick
could be catalytic converter.can be expensive.How did it fail.. . Typically they are measuring HC, CO and NOx. And then just checks of the emission controls to be sure they are working.. Did all 3 values fail?. . You need to be more specific otherwise it's impossible to figure out.. . Shoot me an e-mail by click on my name on the left.. . Make sure you're e-mail has been verified by yahoo answers or I can't respond.it could be the catalytic converter ot the oxygen sensor. i'd be suprised if they didn't give you a little more info. what does your exhaust line and muffler look like ?
you should beable to find it on the Drivers door inner Framethe code is on a label on the drive door or driver door frame. if you still can't find it then go to your dealer and they will be able to tell you by scanning the bar code on said label.Good answers all around to your question thus far.In my exper.,. the only people that have the paint codes listed (inside the drivers. door frame on the sticker located there)would be Chrysler dealers or body/paint shops.They can give you the paint code for. the ORIGINAL paint that was applied to the car at MFG.. However,it's best to have a spectro-gram done on the vehicle so. that the paint can be mixed to exactly match the finish as it appears now.It should be on a sticker in the driver door frame or on the door.Most modern vehicles have the paint-color code listed on the edge of the door or door jamb. If you can't find it there, check the glove compartment. . . Important: Don't rely on guesswork for paint-matching. If you can't find your paint code, contact a dealership for your make of car, or an auto parts store. Have the year, make and model of your vehicle available, and let them help you find an exact match.you can go to any body shop and they will take your vin  number and look it up and they will tell u this for freeIt's usually located inside the door jam on the drivers side door.Open the drivers side door and look along the edge of the door (the part that concealed when the door is closed which is where the door latching mechanism is). There should be a sticker there which gives the paint code among other things. Keep in mind that the car is  7 years old so a perfect match is not possible. To better match the paint use a very fine grit compound after you let the repainted areas dry for several days, this will help blend the two colors together.If not on the door frame, sometimes it's on the firewall in the engine compartment.
As part of the PEACE dividend in Northern Ireland it was decided that a right hand drive union jack styled model would offend certain parts of the community so a left hand drive version was the compromise........simple really.If you live in the UK, the steering wheel is always on the right side.  My wife has an 05 mini with union jack roof and right-hand drive...and I have a second mini (02) with viper stripes and right-hand drive.. . You're obviously in the wrong country!Hi!. . I'm sure I saw something like this in Marks and Spencer in the gents department recently - where all the accessories were.. . I'm sorry now that I didn't pay more attention!. . Anyway, best of luck!Here's a RHD one, but without the Union Jack:. . http://www.minimaniauk.com/web/Item/CC86503/AddedFrom/CatBrowse%2D%20ACCESSORIES%5FNM/InvDetail.cfm. . You might want to contact them to ask if they have specifically what you want.union jacks on mini roofs tend to be added at the dealerships..they are transfers as in stickers
first would coincide with the 89 T-bird that it was based on and  the last would coincide with the last year of the T-bird  1997 :(. but it doesn't, just 93-98. . http://auto.consumerguide.com/auto/used/reviews/full/index.cfm/id/2058/Slow sales, and the consumer disinterest in 2-door personal luxury cars.93-98 Market Left for Lexus, Infiniti & BMW. The SUV craze & the always  trouble some air suspenion did not help either. Still a nice car.1993 was the first year the Lincoln Mark VIII introduced. 1998 was the last year of the model. Don't know why it was discontinued, but my guess would be slow sales.
The dealer can also turn the autolock on and off with their NGS or WDS scanner. You might need to try that.. . The procedure to do it manually is as follows in case anyone is wondering........... . The enable/disable mode can be entered manually using the following procedure. . . To change the programming for Autolock or Personality settings, the procedure must be followed to the end. The Autolock and Personality programming can be changed independently. After completing either Autolock or Personality enable/disable, the next enable/disable procedure may be completed before programming mode is exited. . . To enter programming mode, steps 1 through 8 must be carried out within 30 seconds. . . Close all doors. . Make sure the ignition switch is in the OFF position. . Turn the ignition switch from OFF to RUN. . Press the door lock control switch to UNLOCK three times. . Turn the ignition switch from RUN to OFF. . Press the door lock control switch to UNLOCK three times. . Turn the ignition switch from OFF to RUN. . Verify the RAP module chirps the horn. This indicates that the RAP module is now in the enable/disable mode and ready to accept program changes. . . To Enable/Disable Autolock . . Press the door lock control switch to the UNLOCK position. (This selects the Autolock programming mode.) . Press the door lock control switch to the LOCK position. (This changes the current state of Autolock to either enable or disable.) . To confirm the Autolock change of state, the RAP module will chirp the horn. If the chirp is followed by a long horn blast, Autolock was just enabled. If no blast follows the chirp, then Autolock was just disabled.There is a module that controls the door locks. If you have a wiring diagram and can find the thing, you can put a switch in series to the lock control so you can turn it on and off at will.Look in your owners manual.Check your owner's manual.  The one I have for my 2004 Ford Explorer lists the procedure for reprogramming the auto-locks.  If the manual doesn't list it, one of the guys/girls in the service department of your nearest Ford dealer may be able to walk you through the procedure over the phone.
Give up. You will be assimilated. Fasten the seatbelt. Sorry, I wanted to disconnect mine as well and got the same response. Good luck.it's a sensor when the buckle closes.  . Since you already know that you should be wearing your seatbelt, you could get your hands on another latch to go in the buckle ant buclke that in.. Also some of them stop ringing after a few blocks. . be safe...if you open it up there is awire and you rip the wireTalk 2 the local mechanikk... he'll know what has to be done. lolwell find the wire going to your seat and disconnect it or get a wiring diagram and find the fuse and pull it. the wire is located somewhere near the seatbelt. otherwise find the buzzer take it out carefully and get a big heavy duty hammer and carefully place buzzer on ground and beat the crap out of it for ever annoying you then you will feel betterFasten the seatbelt.It's illegal to remove it. And good luck if someone says they can do it, because they'll damage other things as well when they do.. . Wear your seatbelt, what's wrong with you? Apparently you've never gone through the windshield (yet) or broken your chin kissing the steering wheel (again..YET!). I hope you're not against child safety seats as well.I would tell you how but I would be doing a great injustice to you.  Wear your seat belt, it may save your life.  Plus it's illegal.  And no one here should tell you how to commit an illegal act.It is going to keep beeping until you put it on.  They made it like that for a reason.  Just put the belt on.Bu putting and keeping your seatbelt on!BUCKLE THE SEAT BELT BEFORE YOU SIT DOWN IN THE CAR THAT WAY THE COPS THINK YOUR SEAT BELT IS ON WHEN IT IS REALLY BEHIND YOU.   LOL
for jacking up leaf springs...to bad the song is wrong. GTO s had coil springs.....Shackles are brackets installed on the rear leaf springs it causes the rear of the car to be raised giving the car that classic Muscle look.useing a larger shackle will raise the rear of the car allowing slightly bigger tires in the rear. check out any 70's movie involving cars.
to control emissions...nore-circulate the gas and emission to be re-burned a second time. to have less pollution emitted into air...to cut down on pollutionIt reduces toxic emissions to the atmosphere. It's not required on some vehicles and older ones don't have one.. EGR, PCV, catalytic converter, charcoal canister are some examples of parts of this system.. Your vehicle will be noticibly louder without the system in place and less fuel efficient.The purpose is to o prevent air pollution.  For example, in the 1970s you pretty much couldn't see the mountains from Los Angeles because of smog.  The systems have nearly solved the problem.. . Because of the way they're integrated into the car's fuel and ignition systems,  failure in the emission system can also make the car run badly and get bad gas mileage.Extremely important.  Your car would fail an inspection if the emission control was not hooked up.  The purpose of emission control is to curb polution by helping the converter change the gases that come from your cars engine.  Less Carbon Monoxide, Carbon Dioxide, etc.to reduce the amount of greenhouse gasses emitted from an internal combustion engine
In a container by boat.  Contact a logistics company.Well first off you will need permission from your lender.  (Whoever you make your car payment to, if you don't own it.)  You will need a letter from that bank.  Being on the west coast, it will be more expensive for you to ship it.  www.aaat.com , is just one website that offers quotes, just google it and you will find more.. . It is very dificult to get approval to take your vehicle overseas, if you don't out right own it.  Good luck!
No its illegal to run a car without an MOT you will not get one unless the fault is rectified.Possible cause on the 820 is a fault in the pad sensor wires usualy to the front calipers they rub through on a retaining bracket.I don't think so. Oddly enough some cars don't even have it however if you car was built and designed with it, it must be working.The brake system will work fine with out it. ABS is only used under extreme braking to help you keep control of the car. When it fails the brakes still work fine under normal use.Nice try, but no.  Not only will you be an auto fail if there is a light on during the test, you will also be an auto fail if the light doesn't prove out, IE, come on when the key is turned and go off after it starts.Sadly no under the new mot computerised system the computer gives the abs sequence applicable for your car and if the abs light does not light then this is a failure also.. It's interesting to note but before the introduction of mot computerisation you would have probably got away with it as most testers are not sure of abs sequences.. However if you have a volt meter than you can test the abs sensors yourself, simply unplug the sensors and test for continuity on each one, the ones without a good volt reading are not working properly.My car failed mot last week for the same thing. . . I took it home, pulled the bulb out and took it to a different mot station and it passed.NO!  AFFECTS BRAKING SYSTEM.MUST FOLLOW CORRECT SEQUENCE.  NEW M.O.T. COMPUTERISATION SYSTEM LIST'S CORRECT SEQUENCE FOR ALL VEHICLES.If ABS is present the lamp is the only testable item. It must come on and then go off in the correct sequence.
If you havent paid them then there isnt alot they can do.  Unfortunately, when giving notice for anything the weekends are not counted - when it states 5 working days it means Monday to Friday only and excluding bank holidays.  Just because the men work doesnt mean that full office staff are working. Good luck xxJust don't pay them.Move house.. that will confuse them  lolDid they give you a written contract? it should say in it how much notice you have to giveIf you haven't paid em tell em to go and jump. Check with the Citizens Advice Bureau. If you have a contract with the removal company look for the cancellation terms.. . xxBGood luck!
Please don't put in a subwoofer and drive the people with an IQ over 20 crazy.therer are two 8mm bolts on the back of the radio and the only way to get to them is to pull the ash tray and and remove the two bolts for the console.  pull the console off and then you can get to the two bolts behind the radio
Opposite side is the same side as the mail boxes. So they can deliver efficient & fast by not having to stop get out & start again.I assume you might be talking about postal vans in the USA as it is not the case in the UK.. The reason behind this is because the driver makes frequent stops and can exit onto the curb rather than into oncoming traffic, thereby making their job safer, the same is true for trash trucks in the USA.All the above is true but it also makes them ideal for shipping to UK for 'weird-car nuts' to play with.well did you ever notice which side of the street the mail boxes were on when your driving on the right side of the road.because mail drivers can lean out the window and put mail in the boxes while still driving on the correct side of the roadIn more rural areas (like where I live) people put their mail boxes on the side of the road.  Because of this the mail carrier has to be able to reach out of the vehicle and put the mail into the box.  This would not be possible to do unless the carrier drove on the wrong side of the road (very dangerous) or the drivers side is reversed which is what they do.)  . . In larger cities of course mail carriers walk or enter postal rooms to deliver mail.  But even then they have to get out of the vehicle as safely as possible which means the right hand side (curbside.)So they don't have to lean over to the right to get to mail boxes.. Here in Vt, some local mail is delivered with ordinary cars, and they have to sit in the middle and do the brake/gas with their left foot.because the mail boxes that are on the curb are easier to access with the driver being on the right side of the car, this way the mailman doesn't have to stop the truck, get out, and put the mail in, he can just keep going
If you're on the taxiway, ease the throttle forward until the plane starts moving.  Use whatever controls the wheel to steer the plane onto the runway and line it up. Before taking off, make sure if you don' have a lot of runway, to set the flaps down 10 degrees. I'm not too familiar the mixture and prop knobs, but I thinl they have to be all out. If you're on a jet you don't have to worry about them. Making sure you have ATC clearance, hold your breath and slam the throttles forward while you're aligning your plane with the runway. Make quick adjustmants if your plane veers off when you throttled it. Let the plane go all the way down the runway and get up to speed, and when you start seeing those white lines meaning the runway's ending, ease the control column or yoke, back towards you to lift the nose up. After about 1000 feet, retract your landing gear and set the flaps back to 0. And there you go. Always remember, there's nothing more useless than the runway behind you.SLAM A MINIVAN INTO THE BACK OF THE PLANE AND GO!Make sure the aircraft is in takeoff configuration.. . Line up with the runway.. . Set takeoff thrust.. . Gently pitch the nose of the aircraft up to the climb attitude at rotation speed.
you don't...it has coil packs and no distribuitor.  the timeing can't be set on this model.  It's all in the computer.Would you be asking about the clock....I had a 99 windstar and if I remeber right you press the clock then press the tune or scan. . If I am wrong go to this link and you can download an owners manualyou don't its factory set by the compute,r no adjustment necessary ,and it has a coil pack, no distributor you can check the timing but you cannot change it OK, to check the timing you must disconnect the spout connector as stated on the sticker under the hood, and follow the directions to the letter, motor at normal running temp in park with all assy off and then go from there and if you think its the timing its going to be something else ,unless you've change the cam chains and it a tooth off, but its a interference motor valve to piston interference and will not run OK, take care
Follow up on SocialHillbilly, definately talk to the CoC if you have not already done so.  Those guys are the ruling authority for M/Cs in the area.  You do not want to be wearing colors, that belong to someone else and pay the ultimate price for it.  Other than that a lawyer is probably your best bet to set up Inc.Remember is cost you around $250.00 per year. What you want to do is make it a non-profit organization (Like a church) then you can get donations and give to others without being taxed.. . What ever the club name is, just add a cross on the symbol, then no one can say it's not and organization.. . Go to your local court house and apply for a DBA.= Doing business as. (Club Name, Org.). . . Here's the link you need.Check with your local state confederation of clubs a make sure you are sanctioned first. Club refers to a M/C or motorcycle club and all clubs must be sanctioned by the confederation or you my be jumped in the wrong place and time. Be respectful and you should have no problems.Depending on what state you are in, you can either go to a lawyer or you can go to the Secretary of State website for whatever State and download the forms to incorporate it yourself.  Just make sure to read all directions first and make sure you also do the documents that need to be done after incorporating, such as getting an EIN if you need one, doing annual minutes, ordering a book, etc.get a lawyer - the lawyer will take care of everything concerning incorporation for you, and charge you One Fee.
ask one of your freindly yobs! i'm sure they would only be to  happy to help, at 1 a.m. that isNever done it, but you might look under the ashtray or elsewhere for any hidden places for screws.  Just keep gently pulling at the plastics to see where it is still connected until you get it off.  After you do it once, it will seem easy.
The location is what dictates the rates so if the car will be in Canada, your rates would be the same anyways. You could buy insurance in Africa but if the car is going to be in Canada, same rates apply.you can use your brothers address but you wont be able to licence the car in canada and if you licence it there and live here you have to register it locally or get fined,also you may have no coverage if the company finds out
Diesels have different standards and different tests are involved. . . Diesel's primary exhaust is particulate matter, so the main test is called the "opaqueness test". In 2006 CA has just restarted enforcing an old law that has been on the books since the 1980's about making all commercial diesel engines go pass the opaqueness test. VERY FEW places can do those.Diesels are indeed a different exhaust.  They burn the fuel without a spark, only needing heat for combustion. The fuel is burned more completely-to the point that it isn't worth checking for smogBeacuse highway diesel is mandated by California law to have low sulfur.  And it is still taxed to high heaven.  Ask any trucker and they would rather put red dyed diesel in their trucks.  It is about half the price, except they would probably lose their license.There is a a smog test of sorts, on diesel semi truck. It is called a snap throttle test.. . The AQMD Air Quality Management Department can and do pull you over at scales houses and preform these test and will put you out of service if your truck is to dirty.Gasoline major pollutant is Carbon Monoxide, which is poisonous, while diesel emits carbon Dioxide, not as toxic. Never hear of anybody locking himself in a garage with a Diesel to kill himself, have you? So yeah, diesel pollution is more visible but far less dangerous.Diesels emit different pollutants. They do run much cleaner!
Metra's 99-5720L OEM integration package allows you to install an aftermarket receiver in the oval-shaped dash opening of a 1997-up Ford Escort or 1997-99 Mercury Tracer with a Premium Sound system.. . The package includes a mounting kit (which allows you to install the new radio) and a wiring harness (which connects the new radio to the factory receiver's plug). You must remove the climate controls from the factory radio and attach them to the new kit.. . Note: You must cut your dashboard in order to use this kit - the alterations will NOT be visible if the factory radio is reinstalled.Ford as two U shaped tools that you use to remove the stereo/hvac assembly in your car. Go to your local auto parts store or Best Buy and ask for the ford Radio Removal Tool.  It will cost you anywhere from $4 to $8.CUT UP A COAT HANGER MAKE 2 U'S AND SLIDE THEM INTO THE HOLES AND IF YOU DO IT RIGHT YOU SHOULD BE ABLE 2 REMOVE THE RADIO I HAVE REMOVED ALOT OF FORD RADIOS THIS WAY DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THE TOOLS UNLESS YOU ARE GOING TO USE THEM ALOT
A Smart car.  Cause it would make parking so much easier!Porsche GT.  It's a work of art.  Fast!  I'd get the package where you can go pick up your car at the factory in Germany, drive in their race course, and drive down the Autobahn to the ship yard for the car to be shipped to your house.A new house---I hate my apartment, nothing works.  Oh, and a Civic hatchback.  I have wanted one since I was 12.A Subaru Impreza Rally Car, why?...beauty, speed, handling and brilliantly engineered.Bentley Arnage or Continental T. I love Bentleys. So much more understated and classy than a Rolls Royce.A DeLorean . . Cause I wanna time travel!!!!!!!I would have bought a Buick Park Avenue before GM quit making them....I always thought that car looked so nice, and when riding in one with one of my family members once, you barely noticed a pothole in the road.. . I would like to know why GM got rid of most of their nice classy rides.....sigh.Jumble a big big news for you!.... :)! http://www.osoq.com/funstuff/extra/extra04.asp?strName=JumbleDB9. class with out overflash (like lambos and Ferrari's )I'm with the Bentley fan,. mine would me a 1940's Bentley though,  absolutely beautiful carsJaguar XKR, beacuse it's sexy, sleak and seductive!. Also for the men, it has huge horsepower, sounds like a beast and goes like shit of a shovel, lol.. . Or apply now for the new Bristol Fighter T, there only making 20 a year and the first batch comes out mid next year, there made in Bristol and it will be the fastest road car EVER.. . Come on Bristol, that's car and flight done, if you didn't know Concord was invented, designed and built in Filton, Bristol  :-)Maybach Exelero. Reason - Have you seen it! WOW!
I agree . . . TAKE IT BACKWhat?. Let me see, you took delivery of a car, didn't pay for it and the dealer says it's your problem.. no it's their problem!. If you signed a bank contract with the dealer it is their problem to get it funded, you have a legal bill of sale.I would continue to drive it and tell them that your working on it, They cannot report it stolen, you have a contract. All they can do is take you to civil court and then you would have to return the car, or they repo itThere's always a loan for the right interest rate.I have been selling cars for 12 years and have never heard of that. That means you don't own the car the dealer does. Way too much liability. If the dealer can't get you financied why should they think that you canTake the car back and leave it with the dealer. They just don't want to undo the sale, however if they delivered the car, they did it based on a credit report and an initial analysis that you would qualify for financing. They have alternate methods of financing, so put the onus on them to find it.are your serious? what do you think you should do? Contact the dealer/seller and see what your options are. Other wise return the car. it's common sense. or look for financing elsewhere. But you need to contact whom ever you purchased the car from and explain the situation. Other wise they can report the car stolen, which will cause a whole new world of pain for you.you are mad go back to the dealor and tell them the hole story they will keep the sale and finance the sale out of the house the intrest rates will be sky high but your credit and good name will not be damaged  tell the truth it is better that ending in jail...... . buying and selling car trucks ect since i was 10 years old .........
Toyoko Drift turbo charger blow off valve noise? excess intake pressure is vented as the throtte butterfly is rapidly closed.Gerbil claws slipping on the exercise wheel.What you are hearing is blow-off valve of a turbo
Hi Norman,. . Need to know what engine is in the car and if it has aircon.Head over to www.audiworld.com and search the A4 forums for your model year. You'll find a large amount of info in there regarding a DIY fan belt.
Mathura - Faridabad - Ghziabadad - Meerut - Muradabad - Ramnagar - Almora - Ranikhet. By Road.. By rail , go to Delhi, catch train to Almora. From there Raniket is very near.I have already answered this question. a few minutes ago.
From what i assume the michelin guy represents being soft as a cloud ( white fluffy cloud) just like the ride you get with michelin tyres on your car!?!Monsieur Bibendum (his original name) is white because if he were black it would be hard to see that he was made of a stack of tyres.  Also he might have been difficult to print using the printing methods of 100 years ago. A third consideration is that some tyres were actually white a long time ago  - thereby the whitewalls that were supposed to be so classy.rubber is white,they add black because of the discoloration that acures during prosessing and because of the road dirt and grime would look awful on white tires.He's a "WhiteWall"if he's black u cant see him if there's a huge tyre in his back
ball jointThe steering knuckle holds the wheel hub and allows the lower ball joint,strut and outer tie rod to connect to the rest of your suspension on your car. To damage it, it must of been one hell of a crash. To find another one, look into wrecking yards.Spindle is another name for the same part. This is the piece that holds your wheel, bearings and brake components.The steering knuckle is the pivot point of the steering system, which allows the wheels to turn. On cars with conventional suspension systems, the steering knuckle?s spindle locates and supports the inner and outer wheel bearings. On cars with MacPherson strut suspension systems, the steering knuckle has an opening to allow connection of the CV axle shaft to the wheel hub and bearing assembly.. . Try your local Autozone, pep boys or Napai own a repair shop,and the steering knuckle is the point at which the wheels turn, this is what allows them to pivot ,,or turn as we think of it in our terms,but this is just a point that allows a give motion so that the car can be turned from right to left,,and each car has two of them,a right ,and a left one ,,some people even call it a spindle ,,through the years there have been many names for it,good luck with it,i hope this help,s.the parts books will also list the part as a steering arm ,depending on the vehicle,some of the mhad seperate arms that bolted to the strut to ball joint connection,some GM's had the steering arm mounted to the  strut itself. good luck
Could be one of three things    . Coolant to Low- possible. heater core plugged up . thermostat bad-ProbablyAnother poster hit the nail on the head.   From simple to hardest...... . Check your coolent.     Check your thermostat.    It is going to be one of the two.   Neither is expensive to fix.Check your coolant level. See if the fan works. Check the thermostat.get a new car thats the right answer. the thermostat is bad you need a new one its easy to do your self but take it in have some one you trust look at itCheck the fuse it could be a shortage or the fuse could not be there at all.Could be that a fuse is blown.  Check out your owners manual.This could be very serious.  Watch for signs of overheating.  Check your coolant (antifreeze, water) every day or twice a day.  This happened twice to me and both times it was a bad water pump that leaked.  When it gets low enough, the first thing you notice is no heat.  Check your hoses (once the engine warms up) to make sure there are no leaks.  Look carefully.  No heat is almost always because water leaked out somewhere and got too low to reach the heater core.It could be low on coolant,low-temp opening or bad thermostate,heater core may be plugging up,if it has a in line valve on the heater hoses it may not be opening,could also be in the heater controls to the distribution system in car(a vacuume line may have come off or a cable may be off or broken  rarely happens but can).If you decide to drain the system be sure as a reminder to refill at 50/50 mix of antifreeze . best of luck to you !Get the cooling system checked, check the coolant strength, check the thermostat, check the fan and heater core.
Hey, I'm not sure what you're trying to say... this doesn't seem like much of a question.... . . With Regards,. Jay Beck. http://anticonnorgroupmgmt.blogspot.com/sounds like you need a coolant flushsounds to me like you have a GM vehicle 96 or newer.  If so that stuff is the GM dexcool that got low and got air in the system.  Once these systems get air in them they will gum up and turn to mud.  If what I said is accurate about the GM thing then I would go to a garage and get it flushed and have them put the standard green coolant in it and replace the cap and then just get it changed every 2 years or 30k miles.  If it is not a GM product then it is probably just rust and you will need a flush anyway.it could be someone put bars leak in the system to stop a leak,worse case it is from combustion gases leaking into the cooling system at the head or head gasketrust. c'mon now keep your engine up, time for a flush and a cleaning.Could be a radiator sealent.  There are powders and pellets that can be added to the radiator to seal small leaks.  Even auto dealers occasionally use them.trust me , its rust where water has been dripping. . water residuerustThe Brown is Rust,,. the Black is most probably deteriorating  rubber gasket material from the radiator cap seal.. . Getting a Cooling System Flush and refill is good advice.. New radiator Cap would be a good idea alsoyour cooling system needs flushed.its rust from the cooling system.
There not it's a brand name.A dub is a wheel or rim that is 20" in diameter (The term "dub" was derived as a slang term for twenty, from "double dime" or two tens.) Some can be chrome or polished aluminum-alloy. "Dub two"'s are 22" wheels or rims styled similar to standard "dubs". "Dub fo"'s are 24" wheels or rims styled similar to "Dub two"'s" or standard "dubs". "Dub Sixes are 26" wheels. Two Eights or 28" Wheels are now also being produced. Rims that are below 20 inches in diameter are aptly referred to as "sub-dubs".. . In recent years, the term "Dub two"'s has been replaced with the terms "dub deuces" and "double deuces".. . For many years, the term "Dub" has also been used to refer to Volkswagen cars, mainly in the sport-tuner category. It comes from shortening Volkswagen to VW, then to just pronouncing VW "Vee-Dub", then finally just letting go of "Vee" and calling the cars "Dubs". VDub is also the name of a Volkswagen ad campaign.. . DUB, a popular automotive enthusiast magazine franchise, takes its name from the term and covers material chiefly pertaining to urban vehicles and the people that own them. The magazine features many celebrities and their vehicles, and has recently teamed with Rockstar Games to make the third and latest edition of the Midnight Club racing video game series.A Dub is a wheel or Rim that is more than 20 inches in diameter.(The term "dub" was derived as a slang term for twenty, from "double dime" or two tens.) This is the origin of the brand name.
The air is much thinner at high altitudes, and the engines on long-range jets are designed to operate at their best efficency in thin air. Also, since the air is so much thinner at high altitude the resistance against the aircraft (drag) is much reduced, meaning they jet burns less fuel for the same effect. This translates into much better fuel economy, leaving more money per mile for the airline. Also, airliners cruise at different altitudes with a minimum 500' of separation. This makes for a lot of different "lanes" for them to use, and makes it safer for many planes to be in the air at the same time, reducing the chance of collision.At higher altitude the air is thinner and there is less drag on the airframe, the engines also consume vastly less fuel. As the air gets colder the engines run more efficiently until you get to about 36,000 feet where the air stops cooling down. There's also a change over between your ground speed being limited by indicated air speed and mach number. Below that height, somewhere around 28,000 feet, as you climb at constant air speed your ground speed inscrease, above that height as you climb at constant mach number your ground speed decreases... and so does your indicated air speed which ultimately limits your altitude as your indicated air speed at maximum mach number starts to approach your minimum air speed without high lift devices.. . Passanger comfort and avoiding weather are important, but efficiency is king, that's why 747s were capable of M0.92 but more modern jets tend to cruise at M0.8 and max out at M0.875 or below. They can't back off the mach number much without reducing their ability to reach the most effieient cruising altitudes.The air is thinner. hence the flight will be smoother. A lot of times, the low altitude flights are bumpy...Some planes are up there to track, so they need to be high as possible to get the photos needed.The primary reason is to fly above the weather that would be encountered en route at lower levels. Passenger comfort, safety, separation from other aircraft, & depending on direction of flight, to take advantage of the higher wind speeds that are available at the higher altitudes.less turbluence, smoother, above all the clouds and storms.Number one, the higher you go, the smoother the air is.  It is also because the higher you go, you cover more distance because the arc of assent and descent covers greater distance.  There is less structural stress on an airplane at a higher altitude.  The temperature is very cold, so jet engines perform better and more efficiently.  Finally, the higher you go, the less congested the air space is.I think the reason is planes can go faster at high altitudes due to the air been thinner. I think its called the slipstremso people don't look into the windowsJet engines are DESIGNED to fly at high altitudes.  They get better economy.  A jet aircraft needs to get altitude as quickly as possible.   And second, the air is less turbulent and therefore a smoother ride.    Popstwo reasons:. . 1) better fuel economy. 2) higher airspeedAircraft need at least 1,000 feet separation to keep them from a risk of collision. Also, at high altitudes, aircraft can avoid bad weather from below (e.g. storms).As a space shuttle pilot, I personally think that airplanes fly pretty darned low! Just kidding. Yeah, it's all about smooth air and the fact that jet engines operate much more efficiently at high altitudes where the air is thinner.yeah, the air is thinner up there so there is less air resistence and the plane is more fuel efficiant
use a shop vac that can take liquids to vacuum it all up.  Dry the area, then put some isopropyl on the area (rubbing alcohol), make sure no open flames are near it, and let that dry out.  Wash the area with water and soap, shop vac it all up, then do the rubbing alcohol again.when u scrub 2 get it off, don't wipe, but press and keep pressing. . Wiping just spreads it around.take carpets , seats everything out and pressure wash it, otherwise gas and a matchOh my Gawd... You are so screwed!  . . Have it detailed professionally as soon as possible or from here on in let it be known as "The Cheese mobile No 2.". . In the summer...  The spot where you spilled the milk actually heats up and stinks like a little slice of death escaped hell and is now living under the floor boards of your car!if you're gonna do this yourself ,use some warm water and baking soda. take a wet towel, rub the spot, sprinkle some baking soda on it, let it set for a few minutes. then take the wet warm towel, rub it in. keep wiping it with the wet towel until it looks clean.after the spot is clean, you could either use some car upholstery spray cleaner with the scrubbing brush on the end of the can or you can just spray some Fabreeze on it. leave windows down or cracked open so it can air dry. another option you can take your car to detail shop and just have them clean the area. get it cleaned a.s.a.p before it starts to smell like the gates of hell. i hope i was helpful enough.You need to hire a person who specializes in cleaning carpets and upholstery.  .   They do have cleaning supplies and equipment at hardware stores for this type of job, and you could do it your self.  But it basically removes the surface stain and smell, not the deeper stain.  The professional can do a better job for you, because the machine they use has a strong suction.  When you just clean the surface, the stain could later come out again.  Maybe invest in getting your own car cleaning machine, it is sold in miniture sizes.  That way you are prepared for later accidents..   Check the car dealership, or hardware, and cleaning supplies stores for the products.put scented cat litter on it, let soak the milk up and vacum it up. Maybe sprinkle a little baking soda on it.With carpet cleaner.If you ask any car detailer they will tell you to sell the car. Once you spill milk in your car its done. You can NEVER get the smell to go away. It is kinda permanently part of the car now unless you redo your interior. If its not too late i would take it to a professional detailer right now and have them shampoo the interior. If it is already in there though I very much doubt that you'll ever be able to get rid of the smell which will appear in a day or two. Milk and cigarette smoke are probably the two worst things for interior besides children. Best of luck.Sop it up with a bisket.If you have a steam-vac, I would use that (most have attachments).  I have kids and they have spilled milk in the car before.  I always use the steam-vac and it usually works but, when it doesn't I take it to get detailed and have the carpets done.  Bag the milk next time.whatever you do, do not wash it with hot water.  Washing with cold water will be a good idea.. . Hot water normally precipitate the protein and will create a messOMG...that has to be the worst thing to spill in a car.  I had it happen myself, and unfortunately it was up near where the heater blew out and it blew that very spoiled milk smell all over the car until I took it in to be detailed and let them shampoo the carpet.  If you have a carpet/upholstery shampooer that you can get into your car, get right on it!  You'll be miserable if you don't.Quickly!!!!!!  Carpet shampoo as soon as you clean it up!!!!!!Go have it professionaly cleaned.  My ex spilled milk in her car and OMG the sour smell was terrible.  Get it done ASAP.go to a pro detail shop they got steam cleaners that can suck it up shampo it toIt would not bother me,I have not vaccuumed my car since last year,I have done 40k miles since.Why worry?soak up with towels or rags as much as possible. then use a wet/dry vac on it and then rent a steam cleaner and get some suds and clean and vac after it is dry. do again if it still needs it and spray some smelly stuff on it so it doesn't smell like sour milk in your car. and keep windows cracked for a few days if possible... look at the bright side, good thing you don't love chocolate milk....Do you have a carpet steam cleaner? I'd be getting that up ASAP or it will never go away. You can rent one at U-haul for 20 bucks if you don't have your own.. . SUCK IT UP
It works in three ways: 1) it transmits torque from the trans-axle to the wheels to make the car move. 2) it allows the suspension to work even if the car is standing still. 3) it allows the front wheels to turn both when standing still and while driving. So yes, both moving and not moving. * Technically *they ore only working when the car is moving......visual inspection and if the rubber boot at either the trans or the wheel is torn the grease that is in there will spin out...if the joint is bad it will usually popping noise on a hard turn....CV axles operate whenever the car is in motion. if the CVs are bad they tend to click when you turn, try turning the wheel lock to lock and drive in a circle, if they pop or click, its time for new ones.
Could be a hose is off or the heater coil is bad.The duct work connecting from the heater box to the vents at the windshield have become disconnected or blocked in some way (perhaps things falling into them that were on the dash board.)  The usual reason is someone riding on the passenger side decided to stretch out and get his feet under the dash, and has kicked the connection off.  Get your flashlight out and have a look.
you won't have a license long, start walking and you won't need a sr-22You're asking that question just a bit late.  If you want to get your license back, you have no choice but SR 22 filing for the next 3 years, that, or walk.What are the tickets for? It depends on your state as well.But I can tell you what a SR 22 is for.If you do not show proof you are insured when you get a violation or in a accident, then that is where the SR 22 comes in.A SR 22 is simply a legal document between a insurance company and the state.The insurance company notifies the state you are insured.And when that policy cancels,they notifiy the state that it has.In the state of Ohio the filing is usually a one time fee of 10.00.But of course you have to keep the policy active.So it also means you have to pay for insurance as well.Usually for anywhere from 3-5 yrs.Depending on how long the state tells you, you have to keep the SR 22.good greeth 9 tickets. sr 22 is coming sorry dude but thats too many tickets and there no way to get out of not having a sr 229 tickets in 3 years?!?! And how to avoid getting an SR-22: Start driving like a civilized person and stop getting tickets. You need to take responsibility for your actions and accept the consequences.Sorry Frank but looks like local transpotation or walking will be your only chance.Pardon me, but you're an idiot if you have 9 tickets. Try to gain a little self control or your entire life will become a nightmare, not to mention your driving record.
Keeps the paint from getting hot too from friction.Wet sanding goes smoother and keeps the process cooler, prolonging the life of the sandpaper. When dry sanding, the paint builds up in the sandpaper so it looses it's abrasiveness and the heat from the friction makes the paint gum up even worse in the sandpaper.smooother  and less chance of any scratchingWet sanding allows the ole paint to be washed away. This makes the job faster and easier.In sanding metal with coated or painted surfaces, a silicon carbide blend on paper sheets or discs is best used in a wet solution that enables the silica particles to be suspended while sanding. This ensures a smoother and more consistent surface finish and reduces graining in the raw metal by floating away removed paint and metal particles.
Usually this type of car package is built to be driven long distances.  I'm not saying that the engine/tranny/tires are built for it, but the comfort aspect is.  They may have leather seats, multi zone climate control and other comfort featuresToday it is just a moniker. In old times it referred to a car with 2 windsheilds and a foldable top. It was an open model with a second wind screen for the passengers. It was a luxury model.
Easiest is to "replace with known good part", or use a test light..  . There should be a circuit diagram embossed on the relay.You don't need a test light all you do is get a 3 inch piece of wire and unplug the relay, take the wire and put the two ends in the holes that the relay plugs into.this bypasses the relay and puts direct power to the fan motor. if the fans come on its the relay. if they don't it must be the fan motor itself. you will not damage anything by doing this test. I hope this helps!
Stupid answer---but look in the owner's manual and it will tell you exactly how to change it and what lights to buy. That is what I had to do with my new Chevy and I am glad it was there. Or just go to Auto Zone, but the light, and ask one of the guys there is they can come out and help you. They always do.See your chevy dealerOpen the hood, and look where the back of the headlight is, the bulb can be removed easily from the back of the headlight, put a new one in, and off you go.
coolant smells like exhaust, exhaust smells like coolantWater in oil, cloud of white smoke, poor pick up . White gunk in oi lfiller cap. Sounds to me like in your case you may have a cracked head or block. You sure you got all the sufraces clean, A head will warp when you blow a head gasket , and require that it be shaved flat. Some engines also require all new head bolts as the old ones are streched and will not hod correct toqure.I had a head gasket go bad on my car, which resulted in the "head" of the engine cracking.  Your engine will run very poorly and there will be coolant in your oil most likely.  There may be smoke emitting from the exhaust as well.Big cloud of smoke that seems to mysteriousley follow you.i would assume your engine would be smoking and you will feel it when you break it will be a jittery feeling
Usually can find on the passenger's door lock cylinder. You have to remove the cylinder to find this but plenty of cars put them there.  As mentioned already, with proper documentation the dealer can tell you and even cut you a key as well if you give them the VIN number.  Go to the parts department and they can fix you up if you are the legal owner.check with the mazda dealer.  You will need the VIN number and maybe proof of ownership to get the key code.Look in the trunk. Many times they will print them inside the trunk lid.
Normally I have flushed them by removing the heater hoses from the engine or radiator and connecting one to a garden hose.  Applying water pressure until you get nothing but clean clear water coming out.  If this doesn't work then it is possible to pour some cooling system cleaner into one of the hoses and let that soak in the heater core for a spell before attempting again.  That doesn't work then looks like heater core replacement is in order.  Chevy usually doesn't have a heater valve as the water flows all the time on most Chevy heater cores so water should flow easily all the time through it.if you are going to just flush the core,then take off both hoses and use a water garden hose and hold it up to each hose and flush the core.easy it's on the left side, just open it and stick a water hose in it..that's what I did.Remove the hoses going to the heater core, run water through the core both ways.  I would suggest applying compressed air through the core, push water through both ways, apply air to the other side of the core, and flush both ways again.  I would repeat this a few times and reinstall the hoses, top the coolant and check for proper heating.You can buy a flush kit at any auto parts store, and it will allow you to run a water hose through it, do it in both directions to make sure that you get it backwards.. . but I have never seen any real or lasting effect in doing a back flush, and considering that the heater core is not extremely expensive, I would recommend replacing it.. It is not hard.
1 8 4 3 6 5 7 2.  Most Chevrolet small blocks have the same firing order. Take the distributor cap off. Bump the engine by engaging the starter briefly. Twist the ignition key and let it go quickly. I don't know how else to describe bumping the engine. Observe which way the rotor is turning as you bump the engine. That will tell you which way the engine distributor rotates. . Take out the #1 spark plug. Have someone bump the engine around while you have your finger covering  the #1 spark plug hole. When the compression from the cylinder forces your finger out from the spark plug hole, that will be the compression stroke. Look at the position of the rotor on the distributor. Line the rotor up with the distributor cap spark plug tower. That will be the #1 position where you put the #1 spark plug wire. Compression happens when both intake and exhaust valves are closed, and the piston travels up in the cylinder.you need to get the number 1 cylinder  to top dead center on the compression stroke   its the drivers side front  and when its "up"  on the compression stroke  pull the distrubitor cap and look to see where the rotor button is pointing  that will be your number 1I think that nobody remembers because you don't need to know the firing order when they never run.all small block Chevrolet's firing order is 1-8-4-3-6-5-7-2 the number 1 location could be anywhere if the distributor has been taken out factory pos. is approx. 4 o-clock pos when viewing from front  good luck18436572
most meters have a password function to unlock access to calibration menus etc.  If you don't know the password then you're probable SOLIf you are a licensed taxi service that has the right to own the meter, you will know how.  If not, you shouldn't even have it.
A stiffening cap is like a water reservoir for your engine. It supplies your amp/subs with a place to draw a large amount of current for those low notes, without greatly affecting your car's electrical system all at one time. Using a cap takes a lot of wear and tear off your car's electrical system and can increase the lifespan of your amplifier. The rule of thumb is to use 1 farad for every 1000 watts of sytem power.A stiffening cap is like a EXTRA BATTERY for your ELECTRICAL SYSTEM. It supplies your amp with a place to draw a large amount of current for those low notes FOR A SHORT BURST, without greatly affecting your car's electrical system all at one time. Using a cap takes a lot of wear and tear off your car's electrical system and can increase the lifespan of your amplifier. The rule of thumb is to use 0.5 farad for every 500 watts of system power.. . There is a section on caps on this site, very informative:. . http://spkrbox1.spaces.live.coma capacitor is a lot like a small battery. The advantage of a cap over a battery is that the rate that it charges is much faster then a battery can charge.. . So a capacitor is a device that holds potential(power)until it is needed and then can quickly recharge.Yes, they act as a mini extra battery. They hold a charge and discharge when the amplifier needs extra current to pound out those low/loud frequencies. However, when listening to rap/hip hop or any other music that involves lots of bass, they're not as useful, as they will discharge quickly.
Might not be the exact answer you need, But I found in my years of driving that just because you you treat your vehicle like a delicate kitten in the summer you have to take extra steps in the winter to get the same performance.. . Summer and Winter Tune-ups. . I've also took the liberty of finding a Jeep Q/A posting site for people who probably have the same questions you doYou didn't mention the year.  There are several things.  First if its fuel injected get your injectors flushed and replace your fuel filter after-wards.  Second the a TPS  Throttle Positioning Sensor and a Temperature Sensor in the fuel system. If you don't have a check engine light don't worry.  The flush will also help your gas mileage.Another thing to look at is your crank sensor depending on year you could check timing, or a weak battery also. Sometimes when you hate to the most, you have to take it to a mechanic.
It is the turn indicator. It shows if you are in proper trim, also, it can provide you with very helpful information if you have lost your way and need route guidance from the tower because if you keep that ball between the lines on a turn that is called a standard rate turn, basically that means that you will do a 360 degree turn in two minutes, therefore, if the tower tells you to turn 90 degrees left, you simply turn left at a standard rate for 30 seconds.  Very useful instrumentIt is called a turn co-coordinator.. It tells you if the plane is level and if you are in a co-ordinated turn.. It is a gyroscopic instrument. The glass is filled with kerosene and the ball is made of steel.I believe the fluid is kerosene. The ball might be plastic or aluminum. Probably not metal because that could mess with the compass. I don't really know because I can't take them apart, R&R.
cubic centimetres /1800 engine would be 1796cc /2 litre engine =1996cc/2.5 litre engine=2496cc and so on.well CC means cubic centimeters not anything about power just displacment (how big it is)CI means cubic inches, or liters, 4500cc in 4.5 liters or aprox. 275 CI (cubic inches)"CC" stands for cubic centimeters, a unit of volume. 4500 cc would be 4.5 liters, or like back in the good old days before car manufacturers all went metric (yuk!) it would be 274.6 cubic inches.CC means cubic centimeter. Every 1000 CCs is equal to approximately 61 cubic inches. In your example 4500 CCs would be approximately 275 cubic inches.cubic centimeters.  It is the displacement of the engine.  So to use your example, 4500 cc, would be a 4.5 liter engine.CC is a measure of displacement, not power.  I am not sure of what the abbreviation stands for but it measures displacement in the same way liters and cubic inches do.  In fact 1 liter is equal to 1000cc.  Likewise 4500cc is equal to 4.5 liters.
Tires are too bigit sounds like the tires are too big.Check your front wheel bearings, sounds like they are going bad.wow almost new and it is broken its built  like a rock all right.Sure the 4X4 is disengaged?  Try switching back and forth, then back up about 30 feet and try again.i own a repair shop,and you may need to jack it up,and check it his way,it sounds like it does have something rubbing on it,but without seeing it i can only guess that it might be a tire or a CV boot rubbing on something on the vehicle ,i have had to find problems this way jack it up ,and have some one turn the wheels for you ,and see whats causing it to do that,,good luck,i hope this help,s.Check your power steering fluid. It sounds like, it might be low on fluid.
MIGHT HAVE THREW A ROD!!! $$$$$$AND MORE$$$$$$$$Save up some money!When was the last time you checked your oil?  Do you have an oil pressure indicator on your dash?  If you do did it indicate that your oil pressure was low? It sounds like you threw a rod, and most of the time on the average car the cause of that is lack of oil.Sounds like you blew up your motor.sounds like you blew the engineIt sounds like you did what is called throwing a rod.. The connecting rod connects the piston with the crank and if this rod breaks or it throwing into the side of the block it will clunk and make a tar able noise.Sounds like the head gasket blew.  Now with it not wanting to crank it seems that you threw a rod in the engine and it has seized.Really, I shouldn't have been driving your car in the first place.
The speedometers tell you how fast you are going. This way, you know by how much you are speeding. The related question raised by another answerer is a great question too: Why does the government permit companies to sell civilians (non racetrack / non emergency services) cars that go faster than is permissible by law ? If it is a crime to drive any faster, then my not rig the cars so you cannot go faster than is legal ?. Apart from medical emergencies and visits to racetracks, the only three answers I can think of is In Case You visit Germany with thei car; in case the law changes to permit speeding; or TO ALLOW THE STATE TO TAX US through giving out these BLEEDING %$£%^&*$£ speeding tickets.. . So overall, it would make more sense to rig cars so you could just floor it and still not be speeding (if this were achievable). . . And similarly, your suggestion that we also rig the speedometers on future cars to go no higher than the maximum legal speed on motorways is also a good one - this way boy racers might be put off and forgetful people would know for sure when they are going too fast.I always thought that, whats the point in making cars that do over the speed limit? I'm not saying all cars should be fixed to do 40 but if the car wouldnt do 100mph then we wouldnt get caught driving 100 mph.Because the speed limit is just a regulation, with consequences defined for exceeding it.  You can go as fast as you want to, you just risk consequences for doing it.  And how would you know if you were speeding in a 45 zone if the spedo only went to 35?.............. like you buy a pistol and its illegal to shoot a guy ............. its to use for overtaking quickly ...............They don't build cars for our grandparents who may actually respect the laws, they put them up to the excess speed to show the car is capable of going up to that speed, although you would have to change/modify the computer setting to do that. Its a big selling point to us whenether we really know it or not. Would you buy a car if it is capable of going 220 or if it only goes to 100 (kilometers per hour, im canadian). And lastly, the old style speedos which were found in pre 80's car were very inaccurate as the increcements were very short for lower speeds and it would increase as you went faster, so it was very inaccurate, so they put more numbers in there to balance it out.For the German Autobahns.On my little sports coupe the speedo goes up to 160mph the cars top speed is 152mph.Varying speed limits in different countries would be my first guess, although the UK are one of the few countries which still use mph.  If you were to take your car on a track for racing you are not bound by the national speed limits.Kids used to look through the window in cars to see the how high the speedo went as they thought this was how fast the car would go. They are now grown up but still need a high reading speedo despite pitifully low speed limits!. BTW some cars in America are only allowed to have speedos showing up to the speed limit.. RoySTheres still highways in Montana that have no speed limit during daylight hours.  Who knows, theres no explaining car manufacturers.If you want a car which tops out at 70mph the closest you will get is a Chevolet Matiz.. . So go get one of them!. . Seriously, no no will buy a car which limits their speed to that. Or do you want a car which can go faster than 70mph but the dial only goes that far?that's the way the law get's your money cause they know you will speed no matter what.Vehicles are built with common parts for various countries. It is possible to drive limit free on some autobahns in Germany, so speedo's need to display that. Most of the time the vehicle won't even be able to reach the top speed shown anyway, so in that case it's more of a psychological sales gimmick. "This car has a shown top speed of 70mph, but this one has 140mph sir, etc etc."Cars are built to be sold all over the world.  In some places the speed limits are higher than others, so the cars have to be able to keep up with the locals.   Some places there are no speed limits at all. . . Even in th US speed limits vary by state.  Some states it is still 65 on the highways and in others (Nevada for instance) the maximum safe speeds are set higher than that. . .  So cars are designed for all places they may be driven instead of just the one with the lowest speed limit.for the cars to be sold and used in different countries! germany has roads with no speed limits on! lucky buggers!Sometimes I need to know if I'm going 140mph or just 120mph... after 100mph or so its really hard to tell how fast your actually going.. . The new Corvette reads to 200mph, fyi.. . Most cars can't even get to the speeds indicated at the top of their speedometers, but for the average American it doesn't matter, its just an ego thing. We like seeing it, its makes us think that if we needed to, it would go that fast. It makes the car seem that much more capable.. . They tried the opposite in the early 80's I think, as I had a 280ZX that only read up to 80mph even though it was capable of much more. Obviously that didn't go over well, as I don't think anyone wants to buy a sportscar that says it can only do 80mph. That plus when going over 80mph it was kind of like being blind, you don't know how long exactly its going to take to get back down to 80mph.this is a legal requirement, so you can't say you didn't know you were going that fast!its not the speedmeters that go above the speed limit. its the actual car. but just because your car goes over the speed limit does not mean you have to drive like that.    . evry human has chices to make. your body could be thrown from a cliff but you choose not to do that. so keep your pedal away from the metalBecause too many wankers are impressed by things like that.because rules are there 2 be broken also germany doesnt have speed limits on its motorways (autobahns) so maybe that why but who sticks to thew limits anyway i sure dont faster the better i say
Being a MOPAR it isn't good, that's for sure! I would be willing to bet it isn't much more than 14MPG but Chrysler will tell you otherwise because of the company they really are!14 city, 18 highway.  Stock stuff on it though.318ci   12-20mpg it all depends on how you drive.About 16-17 mpg.  Dodge products are not known for their gas mileage.  When I had my dakota, the mileage never equalled what the specs were.
From my experience here at work that green eye lies like a cheap rug! We get several a year that we replace that will have a green eye but the battery will fail the load test. The battery may have enough voltage to keep the eye green, which is just state of charge, but will have a bad cell which will drop the voltage output to 9V or less. Most part stores like ours will load test a battery for no charge.Green eye means the battery is not the problem. Alternator is not charging the battery and you're running the battery down each time you drive it after recharging it.. . Get a good Volt-Ohm Meter (VOM) and set it for DC Voltage. . With the car turned off, measure the voltage coming from the battery, it should be slightly above 12. If it's below 12, then you battery is probably not good.. . Now start up you car. The VOM should now be reading about 14. If it's not reading 14, or if it didn't move, then your alternator is not charging the battery something is disconnected between the battery and the alternator. Measure at the battery terminals themselves. It's possible that your disconnect is simply the connection between the car and the terminals are dirty!It tells you that the green eye is not the way to determine a batteries condition.if its green it means the battery has a good charge, if it is not green, it will not show any color, that means that battery is shot
Use a heat gun on a lower setting you can burn the paint if you aren’t careful,  While you are heating up the badge try scraping under the badge with a piece of plastic like a credit card.  Use one of those you get in the mail.  After you get the badge off you can probably just roll the adhesive off with your thumb while still using the heat gun on a low setting.  If it’s to hot to roll off use a sturdy rag.Use lighter fluid. Not butane but regular lighter fluid. Saturate the badge and let it soak in for a minute or two, then gently remove the badge. Wipe the excess fluid off and that's all!it is on with a durable double sided tape,  take the hair dryer to loosen the glue and it will come off, then any car wax will take the glue offhaha when i ordered my car i made sure they didn't put that junk on it b/c they have to pay everywhere else to advertise why don;'t they pay me? in that case I would take the sticker but they did put a stupid plate on the front lol good luck,.I heard you can use a hair blow dryer to get it hot and it will come off, but I've never tried itGosh don't you hate that.  I cover mine up with a magnet.  I refuse to buy a car from a dealer that puts those really obnoxious  badges on your car.heat it up with a hair dryer to loosen the adhesive. then use dental floss to yank it off.I have removed plastic and metal emblems by applying heat directly to the emblem with a hair dryer or heat gun.  Use caution with the latter.  Remove any adhesive residue with WD-40.I recommend saturating it with WD-40, then using the floss trick after it has soaked for an hour or so.  If that doesn't work try the heat gun, but be careful not to damage the clearcoat.  Keep the gun moving to evenly distribute the heat.
FUEL PRICES MIGHT BE A GOOD GUESS?BUT YOUR OBVIOUSLY NOT A BRAIN TRUST JUST LOOK AT YOUR NAME!!Price of gas most likely, and emissions standards.because you can get the duramax and make a lot more power and torque and consume less fuel....big block v8s are becoming a thing of the past, sadly.fuel cost, gas guzzler tax, smog laws.....I agree,there getting a good ammount of hp and torque out of small blocks these days.reguardless of it being a great big block it isnt practical because of high gas prices.doesnt quite make sense to buy a truck with a motor that doesnt get half way decent gas milage .for towing a duramax is better in my opinionOnce the Duramax diesel had proven to be the torque machine it is, the 8.1L became more obsolete due to less mpg, lesser torque rating, and lesser towing capabilites. Fewer people were ordering them, so it just did not make sense to keep it.
it is over pay, and to me its ridiculousI think  because they want to get paid more.  I didn't know they are on strike (I actually didn't even know that London buses are operated by different companies) So i waited for 206 for 1 and half hours.  They always take very long time to came anyway, so I didn't realise for that amount of time.  I heard that there's another one on 20th or 27th or both.At a guess, they want more money and less hours! The usual double whammy!
Exchanging your current car to the dealer for a reduction in the price of the replacement car - the amount of reduction you get depends on the value of your car.. . If you don't mind the effort of selling it yourself you will most likely get a better price than exchanging it - as long as it is not too old.    If you part exchange, it is an instant discount - you do not need to wait for the dealer to sell it on.  However, some places do a minimum £1000 part exchange or similar, which is great if you have a really old banger that'd probably sell for £200!it means you can trade some thing in to knock down the price of the thing that you are buying or vice-versaA rip off! They make you think you're getting a good price but really it's already been put on the sticker price of the next car!Part exchange is a means of trading your car in against a new one for less than its worth. I f you can seell your car privately in the paper or something you are more likely to get more for it. Garages will only give you a decentish price for your car if you are buying a really expensive car, although they are already making their money on the new car.it depends how old is your car.. sometimes it is more convenient to sell it yourself as the garage offers your a lower price usuallyYou have by now know what part ex is but if  was you i would sell the car privately,you will get a far better deal,because if part ex you will never get the price you should  they always knock what you.  think your car is worth down,that's what they get payed to do.They give you a price for your old car when you buy one of theirs (Garages,dealers) it is always a bad deal,so sell your old car privately !Its the price they offer you in exchange for the newer car. Normally this will be well below the retail value of the car. i.e. if your offered 5000, they will sell it for 6000 or 6500, depending on what your spending and any offers/deals on the newer car.Trading in your old car as part payment for the new one.when you buy a new /used car they buy your old one normally at a fair trade price,this saves you the bother of selling it as this can be a hassle.of course dealers make a profit on it thats why they are in business!!,allow for servicing cleaning cost of warranty,and the cost of the purchase,it is not all profit!!if you have a car to sell that is part exchange for instance you see a car for say 10000 and your car is worth 3000 they take you car in p&#92;ex and you pay 7000 but usually the dealers will not give you the price the car is worth for instance lets say retail your car is worth 5000 the dealer will give you bottom book price say 3000 and then sell it for 5000 so if you can try and sell yours private and then buy from the dealer also cash for a car is better bargaining for you so you may find that you offer 8000 and no car will be accepted.they give you, part of what your car is worth, then you pay the balance, on what your buying, and pay over the odds,. better to sell privately, get a better price for your old motor, go in with cash, n ask for a discount.Part Exchange is a transaction where you use your old car to exchange as part-payment for your new car.. . Lets say you are buying a new car worth £10,000.. Your old car has a trade-in value of, say, £4,000.. You pay the dealer £6,000 plus your old car.. . Dealers will also use the term to describe your old car that he is taking as part-exchange.. Sometimes a dealer will offer for sale a car that he has taken as part-exchange cheaply, without servicing or cleaning it, or providing any warranty, and will still refer to the car as a "part-exchange".part exchange is your current car that you swap with the motor dealer when buying a car...the price of the part exchange is taken off of your new car you are buying.
before you check the iac which is a real good guess at that problem. I'd check your vacuum lines too. My girlfriend has a 4.0 in Ranger and it turn out that there was a rubber hose that went to PCV valve was rotted out where on occasion the idle would go to 1500 and stay there. check all the hoses first because the Idle air control valve will cost you.It would seem that the clutch to the cooling fan isn't disengaging, causing the engine to work more than necessary, or it could be the electric fan for your A/C is on allot due to having your defroster on, or could be the radiator has something blocking its airflow, maybe causing the engine to overheat(or close to it) causing your idling problems.This is your idle air control (IAC) reacting badly. This could be defective or an other sensor is giving bad info to the computer. Have your car scanned to make sure nothing except the IAC is at fault.The noise you describe sounds like a cooling fan. It turns on when stationary for a long time when there is no air getting to the radiator to cool the engine so the fan has to cool the engine or is over heats - That would be bad. But having your cooling fan come on is perfectly normal.. . As for the change in RPMs - I'm not sure what that might be, but I would guess something to do with the clutch. Whatever it is, I'd see a garage/dealer about it. Or if you don't want the bother change the car. If it is the clutch or gearbox and its an auto they tend to get expensive on fixing them.. . 140K milage is a lot for a gasoline car, there is an old myth saying gas cars are good for 100K miles while diesel is good for 200K miles but it all depends on how it driven. But since engine technology has got better engines are better but 140K is still a lot.
The redline is the engines maximum safe rpm and rpm's higher than that will cause damage to the engine...During a race one would want to shift when the rpm's are just past the engine's peak power so that it will be at peak power again in the next gear, this is usually at or near the redline...Redline is the rpm limit the manufacturer has decided on for a specific engine.  Above redline, the engine will be in a situation where the pistons, valves, etc. may not be able to handle the stress of the rpms.  . . Valves are usually the victims of over revving because they can get hit by a piston if they can't move up and down fast enough to keep up with the rpms.  In more extreme cases, a connecting rod for a piston can break under the imposing forces, often blowing a hole through the engine block.. . All modern cars (and most bikes) that I know of have rev limiters to keep the engine from going very far into redline if at all.  Contray to popular belief, going to redline every now and then is not going to hurt the engine as long as the engine is properly maintained.  . . On the other hand, you should avoid hitting the rev limiter.  Hitting the rev limiter is a very stressful act on the engine.. . In most cases, power drop off at high rpms will put your optimum shift points at or below redline (big gaps between gears cause exceptions).  Racing engines are not designed to last a long time like street engines, so they trade long-term reliabilty for higher redlines in order to gain the ability to hold a gear longer.Redline indicates the point at which the motors internal parts are moving at their maximum speed to still operate effectively. Going into red not only puts unnecessary stress on the motor,but usually causes a "Loss" of power. As far as shifting, get to know your bike,if red line is where your power peaks then shift there. Some bikes power band peaks before red line.umm u shouldnt redling your car alot. but yes its the best time at shifting if your racing. but your car will run into problems quicker. just dont shift at the lasssst K .That means you have reached the speed which may cause some danger if you dont control accelerationOne of the reasons racing engines are always having to be rebuilt is going over the red line, which is put there by the manufacturer to indicate what they think is a safe limit.. One of the dangers of overreving is that a piston can hit a valve. Expensive.This means that you're reaching the maximum RPM range for your engine. This is hard on the engine and if you want to have a racing bike, this is what it's for. But you'll trash your engine for sure if you do this often enough.Going to redlne on your bike will not hurt it. Todays bikes are designed to be run to redline. It is the maximum engine speed the manufacturer has set for the engine you have a rev limiter that will keep you from doing any damage. most bikes make their peak power before redline so shift when you bike stops pulling the hardest. The reason they are like this is so you can hold a gear in a corner without shifting or bumping the rev. limiter. Go to any sportbike race and you will hear almost all of them hitting the rev. limiter. On the back strech at road atl. you can hear spies and mladin hitting it from just before the kink and all the way through it.at redline the computer will not let the certain cylinders fire so as to keep the rpms from climbing yet higher.. you havent reached redline? too bad.  i've seen modern sportbikes stay at 16,000 rpms for about an hour straight. . . this is what hitting the redline and the rev limiter kicking in sounds like: . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iIf7rddlkc. about 36 seconds into it you can hear the limiter kick in.It means that the motor has past its power making curve and is in danger of harm.
That's easy, first take off the rim then undo the 2 bolts behind the caliper, then pull the caliper off and remove the old pads, then compress the piston back into the caliper, insert new pads, and reassemble.if your good you dont need to even unbolt the caliper at all  just use a c clamp and tighten it around the caliper so piston pops back DONT NEED BRAKE FLUID BECAUSE WHEN YOU POP PISTON BACK FLUID GOES BACK INTO RESEVOIR!!!. . when piston is popped back just put in new pads my friend and reassemble everything else then  WALAHHHHH u have brakes lol
+ A boat is a submarine. A ship is all other vessels onto which a boat can fit and be launched from.A boat is a more general term. All ships can be described as boats, but not all boats can be described as ships. Specifically, boats are constructed smaller than ships, and to travel either on inland bodies of water, or closer to a coastline. A ship is usually much larger, and constructed to travel across oceans or other larger bodies of water for longer periods of time.. . boat? /bo?t/ [boht]. –noun. 1. a vessel for transport by water, constructed to provide buoyancy by excluding water and shaped to give stability and permit propulsion.. 2. a small ship, generally for specialized use: a fishing boat.. 3. a small vessel carried for use by a large one, as a lifeboat: They lowered the boats for evacuation.. 4. a ship.. 5. a vessel of any size built for navigation on a river or other inland body of water.. . ship? /??p/ [ship]. –noun. 1. a vessel, esp. a large oceangoing one propelled by sails or engines.. 2. Nautical.. a. a sailing vessel square-rigged on all of three or more masts, having jibs, staysails, and a spanker on the aftermost mast.. . ETYMOLOGY:. . boat (n.). O.E. bat, from P.Gmc. *bait- (cf. O.N. beit), possibly from PIE base *bheid- "to split" (see fissure), with the sense of making a boat by hollowing out a tree trunk; or it may be an extension of the name for a part of a ship.. . ship (n.). O.E. scip "ship, boat," from P.Gmc. *skipan (cf. O.N., O.S., Goth. skip, Dan. skib, Swed. skepp, M.Du. scip, Du. schip, O.H.G. skif, Ger. Schiff), perhaps originally "tree cut out or hollowed out," and derived from PIE base *skei- "to cut, split." The O.E. word was used for small craft as well; in 19c., distinct from a boat in having a bowsprit and three masts, each with a lower, top, and topgallant mast. Fr. esquif, It. schifo are Gmc. loan-words. Ship-board "side of a ship" is from c.1200. Ship-shape "properly arranged" first attested 1644. Phrase ships that pass in the night is from Longfellow's poem "Aftermath" (1873). Phrase runs a tight ship is attested from 1971.Cause most people don't call them correctly.  A ship is supposed to be considered a large vessel.  Not sure what weight it has to be to be considered that.  But a boat is usually smaller, more for local use, and such.  Good luck.a boat is anything that will fit on a shipUsually by the size.A boat can fit on a ship.i forgot the exact def it has to do with decks....not the size, a 110' vessel is a ship but there are also other ships that are larger and can carry it, so there goes all those other theories
Most Ford's come with a 3 year 36,000 or 50,000 mile warranty. If you have passed that most likely you don't have a warranty. But whats the big deal about contacting a Ford dealer? call them, tell them the year and make and model and they can tell you for sure if you still have a warranty.Call another dealer and ask them to look up the in-service date.  You have 3 years from that date, unless your mileage is already over 36,000 miles.  You may have 50,000 miles on the drivetrain warranty. BUT, if it's a serious repair and you're not too far out of warranty, they'll usually fix it for free or a very fair price.  I've had Ford and GM fix out of warranty items many times. It's best to try this at the dealership where you bought it, unless they hate you for some reason. It's called customer retention or customer goodwill.Check the owners manual, it will explain how long the warrantly lasts. It will most likely be tied to time or miles.Ford standard warranty is 3 years / 36,000 miles. Which ever comes first.. Of Course safety Items and Emissions items are warranted much longer by Federal Law.
(m). . Lemon Law. Refers to various state laws protecting consumers against the purchase of vehicles found to be persistently defective.Some (not all) states have laws that protect the purchaser of a new vehicle from getting a 'lemon'.  It only applies to new cars, you have to give the dealer opportunity to fix it, and it has to be essentially the same problem each time that they can't fix properly.  Then and only then can you be compensated for your trouble.It deals with used cars.That lemons go to jail if they are bad or sour.Lemon Law;some good answers here but some are very wrong. . Lemon Law only pertains to cars still under factory warranty.. and only problems with safety items only.Like seat belts,car heater,air bags,head lights,tail lights,it has to be a safety item only.I shall refer you to http://lemonlawnetwork.org/. . Lemon Laws are United States state laws that remedies to consumers for automobiles that repeatedly fail to meet certain standards of quality and performance. . . Another reason to use Carfax.com or similar service. Carfax  has a BuyBack Guarantee on it's reports.
You don't.  It's restricted information that is only released to certain groups under certain circumstances.  Even those of us that have a right to the information don't get it free.You cannot do this.  If you have a LEGAL reason to obtain registrant information for a license plate (e.g., you were the victim of a hit-and-run), contact a law enforcement agency.
Turbocharging is a type of forced induction system on an internal combustion engine. What turbo charging enables is a larger amount of air to be forced, at above atmospheric pressure, into the combustion chambers, creating a bigger bang when vaporised fuel is injected and the mixture ignited and therefore a more powerful explosion. Engines without turbos are known as normally aspirated, meaning the air is delivered to the combustion chamber at atmospheric pressure. Because the turbo enables more air to be supplied to the engine, the fuel injectors on turbo engines also run at higher efficiency.First off, non-turbo engines are called naturally aspirated, not normally aspirated.  Turbo's a form of forced induction similar to superchargers.  Both of which use exhaust gases to spin a turbine which pumps more air into the cylinders.  Denser air combusts more efficiently, therefore more power is gained.  The difference between turbo's and superchargers, is while superchargers are always forcing air into the cylinders, turbo's only force air in at a certain RPM.  For example, a car with a turbo is naturally aspirated until it hits like 3500 rpms, and then the turbo kicks in, gives the engine more boost (air pressure in the cylinders) and the car performs better.  The advantages to this system are: more power for a smaller engine.  Turbo's allow 2.0 liter four cylinder Evo's to destroy V8 GTO's with twice the displacement.  Also, turbo's produce slightly better gas mileage.  But the main purpose of turbo's is to increase performance.more efficiant and environmental friendly.It'll go faster.That's it.Basically Jap' (Ricers) Sports cars would not exist without them.. In Europe, it allowed the likes of Porsche with Turbo  to go up against Mercedes with their superchargers and win. . Take the Lancia Y10 turbo for instance. less than 1Ltr engine with Turbo + Lite chassis = High Power to weight ratio. High fun for less money.A turbo actually makes a car more fuel-efficient as it gets more power from a smaller capacity engine.1. Higher H.P. with a better specific fuel consumption. i.e., gallons/bhp/hour.. 2. Weight/power ratio becomes less, that is the weight of the car is lesser for a H.P.. 3. Higher acceleration for the same weight of car.. VRDeed and Kevin have great answers.  . . The only thing they didn't say is that if you're sticking a turbo onto your "normally / naturally" aspirated engine.  You better know what you are doing because a naturally aspirated engine was not designed to have force induction.  You better know or know somebody who will tune it on a frequent basis.  If you don't, I guarantee you will blow your engine.. . In addition to getting much more whps and better performance.  You need to upgrade your injectors.  720cc would work nicely.  You need to get in more gas into the engine since the force induction will be adding a lot more air into the mixture.  Without it, you'll be running on lean conditions.pull the girls! :Pit makes the car goes faster and sounds better.It's a cheap way of getting more power out of a engineSPEED!  And probably more noise!
hope you never need an air bagWill try to get info from a friend on where you can download the manual of the Lexus SC-400.!!!. Post it either later today or tomorrow morning, hang in there.!!!i hope you realise that changing to a non airbag steering wheel you;re car will fail its mot.
He needs to file a police report, and let the police find him! That information is not available to the public!You can't, it is against privacy laws.  He can file a police report, and they can track it down, but you have no interest, and are not entitled to the information anyway.  The last person I know that got hold of that information (illegally) got a couple of buddies and went over and put a guy in hospital.  Not only did all 3 of them end up in jail for assault, but they got the wrong guy because the plate  traced had one number wrong.  Leave it to the police.You should have called the police and file a report right then.  Go to your local precinct and explain to them what have happened and give them the info you wrote down.  They will give you your answers.Only the police can do this.  You have to file a report.
If you have to ask then you are in way over your head.You basically have to remove the entire upper portion of the engine.  This is a very complex job, and best to pay a mechanic. You can do it yourself, but you'll need a lot of tools, and you'll be staying greasy and busting knuckles for 2 days tearing the engine down.get yourself a repair manual and then start unbolting :)Since you are asking, I am going to assume that you have never done heads on a car before.  I would recommend that you not do it as most likely you don't have the required know how or tools.  One thing done incorrectly and you will be starting over.  Take it to someone that knows what they are doing.. . I am not saying this to be mean, just watching out.Depending on which engine you have, It may require removal of the distributor, so if you're not sure how to put it back in, don't try this job at home. Let a professional do it.
yeah stop making love inside the carSince cars are not equipped with double glazing, you will have to put up with it and just use your car ventilation system to get rid of it.it's nature, man.. . you can turn on your air conditioner, & Wooooossh...... . goodbye, fogYou can try Fog-X if they still make it.  It is (or was) made by the same people who make Rain-X, and I used to use it on the visor of my motorcycle helmet.  It works pretty well, but follow the instructions to the letter or else it'll make it worse.
Supposed to be Recreational Activity Vehicle or such.. . Based on the attitude of most of the people driving them makes me think the real meaning is Royal Aholes Vehicle.Recreational Activity Vehicle. . As for the "4" perhaps because it has four wheels?The RAV4, a sporty and compact multipurpose passenger vehicle that feels at home both on–road and off–road, has been. developed as an “Urban 4WD” multipurpose passenger vehicle geared towards drivers who want something more than. a family sedan. The name is short for “Recreational Active Vehicle 4–Wheel Drive”.. This is Toyotas explination.
well, the engine needs to be supported while the trans-axel is removed for clutch replacement, and to remove the trans-axel. all of the shift linkage as well as the axel shafts both left and right.. then you are going to have to support the trans-axel witch probley weighs about 300 pounds and remove it from the motor where you will find the clutch. if you don`t have hyd.jacks or have never done this before i would leave this to the professionalsIt is a complex task. There are 2 ways to go about it, pull the transaxle or pull the motor.  Pulling the motor is easier, but still a lot of work. Not near as many things to disconnect pulling the motor and you don't have to take it to the frontend shop afterwards and have frontend realigned.
Could be a lot of reasons. Take it somewhere and have the car scanned to find out what the code is.If you can take the ford to an auto parts store or your trusted garage, most of them can put a tester on there and see what the code is for your 'check engine' light.  It can be a few different codes.  They can then suggest what may need to be done to fix the problem.take it to auto zone.they will check it out for you,but its probably the 02 sensor.bring it to auto zone, they will check the light for free.choirgurl Is this your story?. ??? http://www.osoq.com/funstuff/extra/extra02.asp?strName=choirgurlIt could be your spark plugs need to be changed, and or your spark plug wires, you may need to do a pressure check on your engien, or it could be electrical, to be sure put it to a machine that does a diagnostic to get a definient answer.Your ford has a intermittent problem that is causing the check engine light to turn on and off but until it stays on full time it's going to be hard if not impossible to find the problem.Most common reason for the service light to be illuminated is an emission control problem.  Bring the car to a shop that has proper testing equipment, this includes a scanner and a data base reference i.e. Shop Key, etc.Any time the computer gets an out of range signal from any of the circuits it monitors, it can trigger a check engine light.  It could be anything from a loose fuel cap to a malfunctioning oxygen sensor.  Luckily the computer will store error codes (the person who told you it has to stay on obviously knows very little about vehicles) and you can read what the trouble codes are by taking it in and having it scanned.  Once you have done that, you will know what more needs to be done.there are many reasons for a check engine light to come on.... .  it's has to do with your computer noticing a sensor going out, or engine missfire, o2 sensor, or many other possibilties... . the easiest and cheapest thing to do is go by autozone and have them check it for free....
better ideas from foreign cars, buy american and you won't have that problem.Poor design in my opinion. That's all i can figure out. If you change your oil on a regular basis you most likely aren't hurting anything. I change my oil every 1500 miles, dirty or not.you arent hurting a thing by taking all the oil out. it is just the way it is designed. one engineer designed the engine while another did the car. they didnt know exactly what the other was thinking they just had specs th go by.I can't believe Honda would design an oil pan that way. Your car should be dead level when you drain the oil; front to back and side to side. Just as it should be dead level when you check it. Your filter holds a fair amount too. Make sure you replace it at every change.
Try opening a can with a rock, then you tell me how the can opener makes the job easier.. . By the way, wrong category.What job?
Check for a set screw on it. Back off set screw and it should go back on. Have a fun day.The first answer sounds like a good thing to try. Just be careful trying to force this stuff. Windshields have a funny way of breaking when you least think it. If, all this is removed and you working with it. What you may try and I not sure. If, you could heat the socket part, maybe in oven very low setting for maybe a minute and put the ball part in the freezer for the same amount of time it may give you some slack. I just thinking off the top of my head and have never actually tried this.. Try this before you buy, if, you think of buying a new one always try to fix the old first. If, it break, then you would have bought a new one anyway. So, no harm to try and fix it first.To tell you the truth it would be easier to replace the whole assemby than to try to fix the current one.You can pick up a new one from most auto part stores.GO TO THE AUTO PARTS HOUSE AND BUY A NEW ONE AND REINSTALL IT GOOD LUCK.I'm not totally sure how the Focus mirror is constructed, but the area where the ball pops in should have one or two screws, or nothing at all. Loosen the screw(s) until there is enough play to pop it on again, then retighten the screw(s). If there are no screws, then it's a cheaper pop-on assembly. Use just a tad bit of vaseline on the ball. Line it up, and push using firm but even pressure at the center of the mirror. It should pop back on. If you still have problems, then a quick trip to the dealer is in order. They may have a tool for this, and if it is truly broken, replacement may be covered under warranty. Good Luck.There may be a set screw or you can spray a little WD40 on it and retry it.Use lithium grease to lube it after that to keep it from seizing.
get auto parts store or mechanic to hook to computer and reset.. Also, replace your gas cap and always keep it tight.Unhook the negative (black) lead to your battery for approx. 5 min, this should reset your CPU. If the light comes back on you really should take your car in to a mechanic. If your at all savvy with automobiles you can go to a Kragen or autozone store and they will let you use a scanner to pull a possible code for your check engine light. the code will give you a good idea about what may be wrong with your suzuki, but you may need a owners manual to see what the code means (if you get one). it could be as simple as a loose gas cap or as serious as a misfire or many other causes. Good luck.Your little SUV is not OBD II compliant, so the code reader at the parts stores won't be of help to you. Look in the fuse block, and remove the fuse(s) related to the computer; marked "ECM", "ECU", "MEM", "BACK-UP", or "PCM" or "Engine Control" and leave it out for > 2 minutes, then replace it.. If you have done the required repairs for the problem that set the code and turned the light on in the first place, it will be out until the next powertrain management problem arises.. . Good LuckI don't have 95 zuk, but unhooking the car battery did the trick for my toyota.i own a repair shop,and the switch is sort of in under  the dash area right under the column on it,its not very big and it will turn the light off or reset it for you,and if it comes back on again you,ll have to have it scanned ,you can take it to any auto zone store and have it done for free ,and they can tell you whats causing it to come on good  luck with it,i hope this help,s.
i own a repair shop,and this means you have a problem and it needs to be found,id have it checked out real good ,if there was  a bearing found it, cant be good id want to know where it came from so you might want to take it and have it checked out real good ,,i hope this help,s.that means you should not drive your car til you find the reason why they are there and correct the problem before you have bigger ones. they have come from somewhere and it could be very costly and blow your engine if it is not already damaged beyond repair have it checked before you run it again or very farYour engine is TOAST! have your boyfriend buy you a new car after all, that's what guys are for!!!!If it is a Chevy V8, your roller rockers on the camshaft have started to come apart, it is in need of a repair shop, it will not be long before you notice a more serious failure, better to have it looked at now, while it is still running.
i own a repair shop,and you have to pull the steering column apart on it,i suggest that if you have never done it don't try it,besides it takes a few special tools to do this with,and not all shops have them but i really recommend you don't try this,because once you get this all apart,its really hard to put back together and i mean hard ,,even for a good mechanic its not easy just let someone do it for you on this job,,you,ll thank your self later for not trying to do this one,good luck,i hope this help,s.go to your local auto zone or checker, whichever you prefer and buy the replacement cylinder (it comes with keys) and follow the enclosed instructions, usually very simple, should only take about 5-10 minutesYou can see how it's done here. Follow the directions until you get to removing the lock cylinder. When the screw is removed, the cylinder just pulls out. Not an easy job.well if you have never taken a steering column apart take it to a repair shopI also have a 1991 Chev. and my ignition switch also went bad the same way as yours. I did much reading about changing it myself and I do much of my own work on my car but this time I chose to pay a garage to do the work for me as mine has a air bag in the coll em and if you don't have the correct tools and know how it is dangerous to fool around with the coll om as the air bag can deploy taking your head off! Anyway, it took them about 2 hours to replace the switch and cost only $357.00 Good luck with yours!!!MY SUGGESTION IS TO TAKE IT TO A PROFESSIONAL WHO KNOWS WHAT THE HECK HE IS DOING. THERE IS MORE THAN MEETS THE EYE, THE ONE THAT IS LEFT AFTER HAVING LOST THE OTHER TO INCOPMPETENCE IN TRYING TO DO THIS JOB YOURSELF.remove the steering wheel, remove the clip that the horn contact is held in with, remove the Torx head screw that holds the ignition cylinder in and pull the cylinder out. reinstall in the opposite order.. . NO SPECIAL TOOLS ARE NEEDED other then the correct size socket for the steering wheel hub nut, a small screwdriver to pry the clip out, and the Torx driver for the cylinder screw.
A duratec enginbe is m,anufACTURED by Ford and is extremely good. It's better than a toyota and made of aluminum. Super lightweight and powerfulGM selling hype. Their Durabuilt Diesels are crap. No steel liners in cylinders,connecting rods broken off instead of milled..  So watch out. You want something good get Honda, Mazda, or Toyota. Ford,Dodge, and G.M. have cost me to much.
abs means anti-locking braking systemAnti-lock braking system (translated from German Antiblockier-Bremssystem).its for the braking system in Ur car, and its the best brake system a car can get so it want slide over water and so man,. it catches the wright front wheel with left rear and so with other two,catch the first couple then release and catching the other two and so till u stopIn regular Cars without ABS [Anti Lock Breaking system] when you slam on the brakes suddenly to prevent an accident the wheels lock making it impossible for you to change direction of the car while breaking.. . ABS prevents this from happening .. . peacestupid. anti-lock baraking systemAir Bag Systemantilocking braking system keeps the vehicles brakes from locking during a sudden stop so you have better control of the car
i own a repair shop,and one this old its not really necessary to stay with the exact weight and viscosity,especially if it has some miles on it,,the correct oil was 5-w-30 for it when it was new,but it may use oil now if you use that thin of an oil in now but its up to you,,,if it were mine id want a good 10-w-30 in it now,its a better oil for it,either way you,ll be alright i think,,good luck,i hope this help,s.5w30 for very low mileage or cold weather. . 10w30 otherwise. . any brand, whatever you prefer, it doesnt matter its really all the same for the most part, all engine oil has everything engines need except for a few  hi dollar special makes and modelsCheck the owners Manuel. When new probably used 5w30 If it has alot of miles you might think of using a heavier weight oil I would use 10w30non synthetica good 10 w /30  or 10/40well if you dont have an owners manual in your car and you live in an average climate area of the united staes which is prctically everywhere you can use 10w30 grade motor oil i would recommend using either castrol or valvoline, if you still arent sure then take it to a local franchise of  a national oilchange shop like jiffy lube or midas and they will be able to tell you what is recommended for your vehicle but 10w30 is usaully what you will want to use in your balzera good quality 5w30 will do you year roundowners manualGo to Walmart and by the 10-30 super tec high mile. That is what I use in my 92 dodge shadow and it runs great. I drive the hell out it.Usually GM has the viscosity marked on the oil cap but just use 5w30.  Use whatever brand you want.  You will not be able to get the API graded oil for that year, but the oil you put in it will be of better quality, meet and exceed the API grade for that year.As you have seen, 5W-30 is the manufacturers specification as outlined in the 'owners manual'.  Do you understand what the number in 'viscosity' represent?.   The first is the lightest the oil will reduce to while the second relates to the heaviest density in the product.  I have a '95 SC2, Saturn in which I use 10W-30 during the cold months and 10W-40 during the warmer months.  This hasn't caused any problem and the vehicle now has 187,293 miles on the odometer.  The engine has never been torn down for any type of rebuild to this point. .   There are advantages to using synthetic oil, but the cost factor at double per quart doesn't balance.  If it were a newer motor, such as a rebuilt, you could still use standard oil during the 'break-in period of 1,000 miles.  If at that point you choose to change to synthetic, so be it.  I've heard of people using a 50/50 mixture, also with no problems. .   This a vehicle that is thirteen years old, why would you go to the extra expense in lubes?  If there is any leaks in the system, trust in the fact that is cheap @ $1.99 a quart then $4.83 per quart to keep the operating level correct..    You may also want to research the 'pros/cons' on the web.Should be in your owner's manual.  Follow their directions for the weather conditions etc.the factory recommendation would be 5w30 but I would probably use 10w30 if I were you.  unless you live in a very cold climate then use the 5w30.
Hold on slick!  Before you go back in pretending to be a lawyer or waving a bat, think first.. . Now if you brought the truck in to get fixed, picked it up, paid them, and then it turned out the problem was never fixed.  You should've brought the truck right back to them, and insist they fix it correctly.. . If you havn't done this, do it tomorrow!  They have your money and are obligated to fix it.. . BUT, If you took it to another shop instead, and had them fix it, well...that was stupid.  Because even if you took them to small claims court, they can always say "hey, we would've fixed it if he had brought it back in".  And the judge will probably agree.HI,,, 2 Many open holes that need to be filled before you can get a real answer... So will keep it simple.... .  Money verses time, Small Claims court is the best if the Bill is over 250.00 on both (each or either). And each repair shop had 3 chances to fix the problem that they stated was the main problem that you paid to have repaired.... .  Things court will ask Did you have all the recommend repairs done that cover the problem? Did you get a full estimate before repairs where done... ETC.... more and more.... .  Good Luck...baseball bat or lawyer. Read the fine print, then decide.Tell them you are a lawyer, and you'll put em out of business
Two words, toe jam....end result is not prettyin ca it IS NOT a law to where shoes when drivingWhere I live, shoes are not a requirement for drivers.i believe this is a myth, not a law.The only reasons I know of deal with safety issues.  However, when I was in Wyoming, we saw a female moose along the road in a stream.  I didn't have my shoes on.  I wanted to get out of the car, run, across the street and take a picture, but I had to stop and put my shoes on before getting out.  By that time, several other cars stopped, and she moved off.  I got a decent photo, but not as good as if I had gotten out more quickly.  The bottom line... you never know when you might need to get out of the car and move in a hurry, for safety and fun/interesting reasons.You will get used to driving with shoes. If you ever get into a situation where you are forced to walk you will already have your shoes on.  Never Kick them off while driving.  They could get in your way in an emergency and cause you to have an accident.People who drive without shoes on are foolish.  You cannot put the same pressure on the brakes in an emergency stop, and if your foot or the pedal has a tiny stone that you don't notice, in and emergency you won't be braking at all because it will hurt.  A bare foot is more likely to slip off the pedal as well.  If you have an accident that has nothing to with your footwear, you will be more likely to sustain foot injury because your foot will not be protected by anything.  That being said, high heels, or thick-soled shoes are not much safer either, and a pedal can catch in between a foot and a loose-fitting sandal.  The best footwear for driving is a typical trainer, or other flat-soled shoe.. http://www.sasco-sa.com/sasco-tips02.htm. By the way, have you noticed you don't see race drivers, rally drivers, taxi drivers, delivery drivers, highway truckers, etc driving barefoot?As filthy as those car pedals get and you want to put you little bare footies on them??Yuck!Sounds pretty gross to me. . . You could always get a pair of lightweight ballet slippers for driving.You'll still "feel" the pedal and you'll be wearing some protection on your feet if you have to get out and walk somewhere where there might be broken glass, rusty nails and moose poop on the road. Try to avoid wearing those flip-flops which are just clunky and unsafe for anything, in my opinion.. . Happy Motoring!So throw your shoes in the backseat when you get in to drive, or on the passenger side of your car. It's good to have them in case you run out of gas or are in an accident and you have to walk somewhere.its only common sence to wear shoesI don't know the answer .. I also like to drive w/o shoes for the exact reason.. I've received a ticket for driving w/o shoes. The officer couldn't tell me why?. I paid it & the judge couldn't tell me why it was illegal.
It was a Soviet Tu-95 that lauched the torpedo.  It was to prevent Red October (the Soviet missle sub) from defecting.It is fiction.The plane that launched the torpedo wasn't a P-3 it was a TU-95 bear F anti submarine plane and said so in the movie. This plane fired it's torpedo at the red october to prevent it from defecting to the US. Watch it again and pay attention to the subtitles and the light shall shine upon your befuddled brain.Artistic license.  It's fiction.
they extend the boom, set the lock on it and then release the pressure on the hydraulics.  If they didn't do this and the hydraulics were left to hold the load, they would fail prematurely.It's to do just what it did,GET YOUR ATTENTION !!! Advertising at it's bestThey do it to get your attention and to get you to ask this question.  Hence if you ever need on of these machines you will remember that you saw the rental place or if some one you know says that they need one you will say hey i know there is a place on route XX i pass it every day on my way home.  It is simply an advertising thing kinda like a free billboard
Actually, there were three main reasons that they (and MOST pilots of the era) wore those leather helmets. 1- to keep their heads warm, the cockpits were not heated, so they wore lined leather helmets (and jackets and gloves). 2- to contain their earphones for communication. 3- to fasten their goggles and oxygen masks on. Many had an up-turned flap on the top where they also wore an emblem.Dusty is closest, but pilots at that time mainly wore helmets to protect themselves from taking a hard bump to the head.  Flight, especially not at low altitudes and in combat conditions and in piston-engined planes, is not smooth.  And inexperienced pilots, as most of these guys were, were shakier than their more experienced (but mostly dead, by 1944) brethern.. . A hard bump could knock them out and make their Ultimate Sacrifice even less meaningful.well eventhough they are suicide pilots as the term "Kamikaze" means, they are just to wear it before their suicide attempt and not die through accident :)I'd imagine that they sort of needed to survive long enough to actually reach their targets.Possibly to keep from hurting their head as they crashed into battleships.they needed to comunicate with headquartersHmm, third time this has been asked this week?. . The helmets had the headsets in them, so they could talk to people.I agree with Chris H!!!!!!!!!!!!!to communicate with their home base...this may have been asked this week and before that.  and Kris and others are close they have transmitters maybe ..but no.. and they did not have mp3's either.   All Kami's had Bad Hair Days.. hence the wore helmets   hehe :)    couldn't resist!!Why did they wear shoes? Or pants?They had communications equipment located in their helmets. The atc directed them to their targets to bomb and attack them.like carlos mencia would say they DE DE DE
there is no difference, they are the same.there is no difference. . 3.1L stands for 3.1 liters or 3100 mililiters. . that is just 2 different ways of describing the same engine3100 is the series OBD 2 . 3.1 is the series OBD 1. there the same thing. one is older than the other. 3.1 is olderIt's one and the same.
Only way to have dirt and crud on the inside of the headlight is if it is cracked and broken and dirt is getting inside.  Usually the plastic gets a "milky" or smokey tint to it that can most times be restored or removed by putting a good coating of rainx on the headlight outside and rubbing well.  It is amazing how well this works on some that are almost no longer transparent.  Try it if you get a chance.I just read that the plastic gets cloudy and you can't clean it . If u still r under warranty bring it back.. If u get stopped and they check the light coming out of it and it's not to specs,you get a citation. How about that.they should have screws or some sort of plastic clip on them
What you need to use is the Acme Condenser.  The Acme Condenser (available only from Acme Labs) looks exactly like a 20 lb sledgehammer with a three-foot handle except for the "Acme" logo. It can be used to soften up almost any rigid object, and can make large, unwieldy things like a couch or a pool table small enough to store in a broom closet or under a bed.  Get an Acme Condenser and your life will be happy.  The Acme Condenser is available in a variety of colors, and can be monogrammed.  They also make great Christmas gifts for those hard-to-buy-for-Uncles who have everything.Does your Mom know you got loose.. Your terrarium would die out due to the changing climate. I could never get my Gekko to live more than a week, but I was lucky enough to have my Gekko defribulator or I would have lost little willy (don't laugh)
If you look in the info that came w/ your car, there is an anti-theft security code - mine was on a sheet of stickers - there was a wallet sized card that came w/ these stickers.  When you have that code, you punch it in using the radio preset buttons, and it will unlock.. . If you don't have that code, You'll have to take it into a honda dealership to figure it out.I'm not sure about Honda, but on my dad's Chevy truck, we called the dealership and they wanted the full VIN, the original owner's address, and the document reference number off of the title.  After we gave 'em all the info, they told us the code for free...they take all these precautions to be sure that you didn't steal someone else's radio.They'll probably charge you... (but hey... it's cheaper than buying a new radio...). . PX
It stands for Special Equipment. For example, a standard 318 would not have alloy wheels, a 318SE would. As for the guy who says he owns two BMWs, and has never seen SE on a name badge, I would imagine he has sh*it in his eyes, typical fu*cking numpty BMW driver.It means "The Highway Code doesn't apply to me, It is my god given right to drive like a berk.  Tail-gating is only dangerous if I crash into you." Edition.Special Equipment I think!Special or Second EditionI believe it means sedan. (Like a four door car).Yep, pretty sure it's Special Edition.. . Edit: Ooh, it could be equipment....Sporty EditionSpecial Edition or Sport Edition. XSpecial Edition. You get all the fancy extras.It does not stand for special edition , i used to think it did aswell but a friend of mine who is a mechanic for bmw told me it stands for, Sports ElectricSpecified & Enhanced.......i thinkthere is no SE in a bmw nameplate.probably german but you get the extras with these modelsSports Equipment - you generally get some bigger alloys and they usually accompany a rear spoiler or even side skirts.. . Mostly used as a a bragging tool between sales reps.Special Edition I had an 525i se and there are 52 different set ups ie: sunroof or no sunroof/ head rest or no headrests/special equimentIt stands for Special Equipment - normally adds a few bits and pieces for the upgrade that you'd pay for as extras on a base model - you'd get slightly bigger or better alloys, satnav maybe, a better stereo - stuff like that. Depends very much on the model as well - you get more toys on a 7 than a 3 anyway but the upgrades are that bit bigger too. . It's generally worth going for an SE if you can - you'll get better resale - and enjoy the bells and whistles while you own it!Sports Equipment - it has a few sports optional extras as standard, cheaper than buying a standard car and adding the extras.  It will usually have sports suspension, seats, steering wheel.  It never appears on the car but it is registered on the V5 document. The 318is is different in that it has a uprated engine. You now have the Sport models.special edition.It's a warning light in your dash but not quite sure what it stand 4 might have 2 do with tha service maintance .Screwed-up Edition
you should take it to the dealer or a car place if you dont know how at most places its only about 20 dollars to change the oil, or you can go to auto zone and buy the book that tells you all about you car.The color of the vehicle doesn't change the manner in which the oil is changed.   Just take it to Jiffy Lube, pay your 20 bucks, and be done with it!  Good luck.well go and get a new oil filter and your new oil make sure you get the right filter  you should have a 305 or 350 in your vehicle  all you do is at the bottom of your motor your oil pan take the oil drain plug out let it drain and once the stream slows down to like a drip take your oil filter off and your new filter there will be a rubber seal on it just take your finger and put a little oil on that rubber seal it just helps to seal it better once your opil is drained put the plug back in and then add your new oil hope this is help for youThe same way you would change the oil in a red, blue, white, silver, green, pink, yellow, purple, tan, black, peach, etc..... . Suburban!. . Climb underneath, place a drain pan under the oil pan plug, remove the oil pan plug, let pan drain, use appropriate filter wrench/tool and remove oil filter, (if you can't find it while youre under there, you should have taken it to a shop) and let it drain.  Smear a film of clean oil on the new filter's gasket, screw on the new filter hand tight plus on extra half turn, replace and tighten oil pan plug (not too tight!), get under the hood, remove oil filler cap (says "OIL" right on it) add about 5 quarts (depending on motor size) of appropriate weight motor oil (usually says this on the cap too) to the engine, wait one minute, check oil on dipstick, if it's in the shaded area, start the vehicle and let it run for a few seconds, turn off vehicle, check oil on dipstick again, add more (about 1/2 quart, no more) if it is below the shaded area, replace dipstick, check again, when the oil level is somewhere near the middle of the shaded area of the dipstick you are done.Get under there and take out the screw on you're oil pan let it drain into a bucket. Put the screw back. Put in Proper amount of oil. If you go to checker or auto zone when you buy the oil there are little computers there in the isles get on there and type in the make and model. It will tell you how much oil to put in. . . The color of you're vehile is irrelevant in this subject matter.You take out the drain plug on the oil pan,and let it drain into a 1 1/2  gal,bucket.Then you change your oil filter.Be sure to replace your drain plug.Then you put 5 quarts 10w30 oil in the motor.Start the truck and check for leaks.If no leakes,your done.Why Brown? ¿Afroengineerin'? It's all the same, pink, white or yellow, square thing sticking out the bottom with a bolt in it, = oilpan.. Takebolt out, drain ,,,,etc already been explained...Why brown
This page (http://www.dmv.org/help/questions/88/) has your question and specific answer.Probably need to contact the Oregon Division of Motor Vehicles about a duplicate title. They will do it for a fee. Just need to find out what they need to send it in.Go to the DMV
the traffic isn't that bad but most of the cars contain northerners or suicide bombers so watch out!Between now and xmas- not good.Nearly always terrible in SheffieldSomewhere between 'not too bad' and 'okayish'It depends on whether there is a football match on.  If there is I would plan my route very carefully and avoid those areas.
hourly wage and tips.  Tolls go into the meter.It would depend if the cab was owned by the driver or by a company.  . In either case...the best payment a cabbie can get in the USA is a welcome home kiss from his wife at the end of the day and the good feeling he made it thru another day without being robbed.. (Sorry to say--cab driving has been listed as one of the top ten most dangerous jobs in major USA cities).by the meter & premiums. the rest is theirs, profits & expenses.
I've never heard of anything happening by using ethanol. The only downside is it's a fuel made from grain and can leave sticky deposits on engine parts. But it's so refined today that I don't see any problem with it.. If you're worried, use a fuel additive now and then. It will keep the deposits down.. Master tech 40 yrs.Using E10 gasoline which is 10% alcohol (most stations carry this now) will not cause damage to your vehicle.. . Using E85 which is 85% alcohol is not a good idea.  What happens when the alcohol content gets that high is that it absords a lot of water.  Water in turn can ruin the gas tank, fuel injectors, fuel lines and any rubber that is in the system.. Cars that are designed to run E85 have these components made with stainless steel to resist corrosion.
FIRST TAKE ENGLISH AGAIN CAUSE THAT IS PRETTY BAD!!!im with jarei
capacitor discharge ignition. Produces higher voltage than the old oil filled coils. A shock from this can be fatal. It makes for a stronger spark that can jump a bigger gap and gives more efficient burning of the mixtureIn a nut shell the Capacitive Discharge Ignition utilizes a capacitor to store the spark required for ignition. This concept is different from the old oil filled wire wound coil.
First Govt has to change the manufacturer / fabricator / contractor of the train cars which is the same old company probably older than Stone Age man that has been doing since last 50, 100 years or so based on the design which is obsolete. They have made enough money but don't want to improve. We need someone to design and produce a better looking train car with new aesthetics and safety measures. This will make the commuters feel more proud about the Govt. property that they are using and so the mental perspective about how to use it. Naturally the general awareness of a daily commuter will be to preserve and maintain the amenity they are using and also protect it from misuse or abuse by some nonsense guys around. Rest is fine as far as the management of this vast company is concerned but still can do better to match the standards of developed countries.I dont think the condition of Mumbai local trains will improve much more, because of heavy population!!..But govt. is adding more tracks for local as well as long route trains..that is good idea.I think people from railways are doing well, but this huge polulation can not be controlled.By applying hard rulesnew ball bearingsDon't ask simplistic questions to solve one of the most complex problems of Indian Transport Industry.The new Metro may solve half your problem, and then your mind will be clearer to think of better solutions for the other half.
........................ use master key .............. electronic ..................Place a solid wedge in between the roof and the door/window or the B-pillar and the door/window.. . If that is enough then stop there, if not place an inflatable pouch in the slit you created and inflate it, normally by a hand pump.. . Use a long metal wire, much like a hangar to reach inside and push the manual lock button to unlock. If your good, the wire would have a very rough sticky coating on the end of it for a better grip.. . If the lock is a "pin" style that is on the top of the door sill, generally a slim jim would be inserted downwards, and you would catch the lock pin in the V shaped cut in the end, apply pressure and pull up. Works just like the backside of a hammer.The most common way is with a wire coat hanger. Just slip through the window or inside the door frame.  Then try to either unlock the car (electronic locks) or roll down the window by hooking the hanger on the handle.. . It takes time to either of these and practice.   The other way is to call a wrecker, they have special tools to do the same thing (called slim jims or jimmies.)  Sorry you have to have a license to carry those tools so you can't just go out and buy a set.  Besides you would probably have them in your locked trunk anyways.Parts stores sell a "lockout kit" that should get it open.If not you may have to call a locksmith.Time to call a tow truck. They have the tools to get it done without having to smash the window.
put some nitrous to it :)upgrade your flywheel and increase the gear ratiohyperchip-its made  for the cars computer. it should add any where 50 hp -150hp depending on the chip you purchase.
HERE IS THE BEST WAY TO START YOUR MOPED,FILL TANK,AIM TOWARD CLIFF,LEDGE,WHATEVER.PEDAL AS FAST AS YOU CAN TOWARD CLIFF,JUMPING OFF AT LAST MINUTE.AIR SPEED FRICTION SHOULD START ENGINE JUST BEFORE IMPACT,OR JUST LIGHT ON FIRE WHERE IT SITS AND GO BUY HONDA SCOOTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!first we apply simple rule,gas+oil mix ,we check spark,lets pretend ,we have them also so the first place to look air filter ,. IF SPARK IS NOT THERE  check all wires replace spark plugs and points and condensattor  Chau tio Dr luigithere r two general possibilities.. 1st-spark plug is not working properly.. 2nd-carborater is ill working.Check the gas , but then again it is a moped .PeaceFoulded spark plug. Take it out and clean it with a wire brush or replace it.out of gas? battery dead? need new starter?
goto home depot and buy some bolts and lock nuts with some washers. drill the hole where your stock holes are and stick the bolt through with the washers and locknuts and bolt it up. if the sides sit away from the body just get some industrial 3m double sided tape from pep boys or any parts store and mount it to your bodyHow to answer a stupid question?Some are bolted and screwed on and some are glued on.
My bf says that it is possible but it will cost a lot of money: You need to fit forged pistons and rods and lower the compression ratio to around 7.5:1. Lighten and balance the bottome end, gas flow and port the head, fit two large turbos - one for each bank, a straight through unrestricted exhaust, upgrade carbs to work with the turbo, then find a good rolling road to set everything up. You should expect fuel consumption of around 10 mpg. You will also need to upgrade clutch and maybe gearbox...PERVERT!!I don't know that you would get that much power from the good old Essex lump.What you need are forged pistons and con rods,lightened and balanced fast road or above crankshaft and camshaft,big valve cylinder heads(skimmed to the max) with hardened valves and seats,uprated valve springs and roller rockers,tubular exhaust manifolds mated to a custom made exhaust system,inlet manifold to house triple carbs(think these come from South Africa or Australia) with three 38 dgas carbs attached not to mention a lightened a balanced flywheel.As you can tell I'm a big fan of the mighty Essex engine,it has 138bhp in standard form and knocks the later Cologne engines into a cocked hat!400 bhp from an old nail 3L V6 .... you're 'avin' a laugh.....go to your local ford garagefirst find a nice bank manager... you might get 300...and you might not. . . lots of work, supercharger, gas flow teh head, decent exhaust and a hot cam, bigger valve ports with high comp springs, and a better fuel management system, like a bosch jetronic... . . then you need to lighten the crank, get polished lightened rods and high comp pistons...  and then yuo got to build it, and not blow it to bits.... . . good luck.. i had a pristine Mk1 granny with an essex... overheated above 120 on the motorways...Cough! so ive heard anyway...It would be cheaper to buy an old sierra cosworth and take the engine etc from that as they had the fuel injection and turbos on already plus you can chip and modify them to over 500 bhp and you have a good strong engine to start with.money and time.Stewart is thinking what I was. sierra cosworth. Cosworth engines are fantastic for speed. I had a mate owned a car with one in it some years back. It was one dangerously fast car.. Dangerous in the sense of peril due to sudden fast speed, and peril in points against driving record.Whats its Liters?  Or size?  Best bet would be a turbo, or supercharger.
the dealer has a computer to do it.I have worked on many of these cars and I've never seen a transmission light.  What does this light look like?  What does it say?what the heck is a transmission light.  Never seen that before sorry.
i don't know i am very sorry!!! LOL LOLcheck the small end, if it is discharged there will be a small hole. either way just toss it.If in doubt, phone your Local Authority's trash disposal department to see what they have to say about it.Throw it in your neighbors yard, LOL.. But really, just throw it in any old trash probably.. =Dany trash can should dojust throw it awaypop in the bin unless it is a large one (refillable) or you want to put it with other metal for recycling.
The dc-3 had an upper skin thickness of 50 to 60 thousanth's of a inch and was all aluminium. The type of aluminium was alclad which has a 100% pure coat of aluminium on it's surface to prevent corrosion and has a temper of t6 which is close to the hardest temper of any aluminium on the aircraft.(ADDED SECTION)  I am refering to the upper of the fueselage not the wings or any other upper component just the fuselage and yes Steve all the control surfaces are fabric.no more than .060 and i think most of it was covered with fabrick only the walkways on the wings were metal. if you talking about the fuselage it was metal about .060What part of the airplane?  Wing? Fuselage? Tail?. They are all designed to handle only the loads expected to be applied to them and it would be an incredible coincidence if they were all the same.. Knackers, ALL the control surfaces of the DC-3 are fabric covered.
A use case is a technique for capturing functional requirements of systems and systems-of-systems.. . A test case is a set of conditions or variables under which a tester will determine if a requirement upon an application is partially or fully satisfied.In a test case, the matter is still under study. In a use case we take the reactions from the users.Test case is developed by the testers and Use case is developed by Developers.. . Testcase is based upon the Usecase.. . Usecase is developed to show how an end user performs some work related tasks for computer aided design system.. . Testcase is a checklist to test the application is working properly.. . Usecase is written in an informal style (a simple paragraph) in first person.. . Testcase is written in a specified format (In tabular forms). It records the stepwise execution of the application.A use case is the design of the system to be built. During the development the use  case is referred to keep in mind how the end-user will interact with the system. This helps to make the system user-friendly.. . A test case is used for quality control to check whether the system actually does what it is supposed to do. The use-cases are used over here to ensure that the built product is as per requirements and takes into consideration all types of exceptions and maximum load that the actual system must be able to handle.
its possible its  another live feed,   dont connect that one see what happens when your main wires are connected my guess is you will find  some things like ignition or lights will not work? if that's the case  & you have a meter conect meter set on ohms to neg & other to the spare wire if no reading its not a neg,. . the bodgers way touch the spare wire to the live briefly if no  spark  what ever it is thats not working on then touch wire on to live again if comes on  wola+red wire to + on battery - black wire to - on battery, 3rd wire with fuse inline? Would go to + on battery--Always give year, make, engine size and model # when asking questions. It's difficult to give an informed answer without that info.. --Kawasaki's use an additional wire for ground (negative), in the wire harness.. --Honda's use an additional wire to supply power to the fuse box.. --Try to determine where the wire goes to, or is coming from.. --If you have or know how to use a "multi-meter", test that wire, to see if it has continuity (has a direct connection to) either the frame or fuse box.red & third wire to positive side of battery, black to negative side of batteryvery carefully
ARE YOU FOR REAL???? if not ,,here goes,, some cars have electric thermostatic operated fans and wont work till operating temp is passed .So keep hand and body out of there..   get your veh service book out and read it should tell you if it has a fan belt. check fuses if it is electrical. MOST IMPORTANT IS THERE ANY WATER IN EXPANSION TANK / RADIATOR???.   check this when veh has been sitting for at least 6 hours fill up if empty. and yes you should get to town  Just dont drive like a demon. Have fun happy motoring.Fan does not always turn just when the car is standing still for about 2min, as there there is not enough air flow for the radiator to work, if the fan does not come on after say 5 min once the engine is warm and the temp gauge is going into the red then the fan or circuit may have a problem, i would not drive it as you could cook your engineYou can make it two miles.  Just start with the engine is cold, and go straight to town.  Don't stop anywhere, go straight to the auto shop.  You should be ok with just two miles.  But don't drive much farther!!. . If you did break your fan belt, you will get a hot light AND your battery will eventually lose it's charge, cause that same belt runs the alternator, which keeps your battery charged.  Fix this one right away.  Don't wait.The fan belt is not supposed to turn.... I had this happen to me, My car made a loud screeching sound going down the road, and also when i turned the ignition. Why don't you go to the car dealership, just to have them take a look at it, this way they can tell u what's wrong, And then you can get an estimate on how much it will cost? (Mine was the fan belt by the way)Is it the fan belt or the fan motor?    If it's a newer car get it towed to be on the safe side. And get it fixed.What kind of car/truck do you have. Some vehicles have electric fans which wont be a problem, but I suspect you have a mechanical fan connected to the water pump. DO NOT RUN THE ENGINE. You will be in more trouble than you can imagine.The fan belt can drive other devices such as the water pump and alternator. If these are not working the chances are reduced considerably that you would make it the two miles into town. It would be wiser to have some one come out to where you are and install the belt, or have the car towed to a repair facility.
4x4 car handle alot better when the weather is crappy, but they do get worse gas mileage and handle a little funny. However they are faster but not very common.your kidding ,right?   4x2==2 wheel drive..... 4x4---==4 wheel drive4X4 cars are usually described as all wheel drive which means all four wheels provide traction. On 4X2 car only the 2 front or 2 rear wheels are capable of capable of providing traction.4x4 means 4 wheel drive.   4x2 means two wheel drive.the difference is the amount of wheels driving the vehicle or moving the wheels. two wheel drive can be front wheel drive,or rear wheel drive. there is a number of four wheel drive applications ,full time ,part time, and continuous
if you like the car then buy it dont ask ppl if they like it or notOnly buy it if you have the money to pay for spares when it goes wrong. VW's are some of the most expensive non-luxury non-high performance cars to maintain.
It is possible that the end of the shifter that moves the sliders is worn and getting out of the notch in the shifter shaft. Next time you remove it look at the underside of the top and insure the shifter is in a gate.You goof some where when you replaced the clutchMy hubby, a mechanic, suggests that perhaps the selector may need replacing but may be easier to replace whole gearbox.it may have broken a synchronizer in the transmission that's about the only thing that will make one stick in gear other than the top part of the shifter where it goes in at could have locked on it causing this to happen,i have seen a few of those get hard to shift but never lock up like that,and i do this for a living,so,,all you can do is check it out ,and find the cause,,good luck i hope this help,s.This vehicle may have a hydraulic clutch slave that regulates shifting. It probably needs to be replaced. Also check your brake fluid level. If it is low the "slave" will not operate properly and stick in gear.You probably need to change that whole gear box.. . good luck
count your blessings. you are probably easier on the car than the test requirements, or do more highway miles.I've always been convinced that those mileage claims are very arbitrary but they usually fudge them to make the vehicle look better than it actually is. In your case I'd say you are an excellent driver with an eye toward economy. I have never had a car that lived up to the mileage claims but anything's possible.
Accidentally spill DOT4 brake fluid on it lol.Sugar cube with the edge dipped in water - the sugar is too soft to harm fnished surfaces (test on a hidden bit to give you peace of mind) but is strong enough to gently rub awayat most screen printed decals and logos.. . Works a treat for removing them from PDA's mobile phones etc.Mark T is trying to mess you up man!. I tried that sugar cube thing and it ate away my paint like two days later. Something about the sugar mixing with the adhesive used on decals. It takes the decal off but it also takes off paint. . . I don't know how to do it safely without buying a solvent used for decal removal but I do know that the sugar cube idea. is a bad one. Just trying to help. Good luck.Go to an auto paint store. They have an eraser head you can put on a cordless drill that will erase the emblems without damaging the paint. We use 'em when we change numbers on Fire Engines.Zippo lighter fluid can be used to clean up any leftover residue from the sticker. It's safe to use...It even say it can be used for that on the bottle and it's what we used at the Honda/Yamaha dealer I worked at.take a hair dryer and some fishing line, warm up the emblem and slid the line behind it and slowly pull it though the tape on the back.  It may leave a little residue, but you can rub it with your finger to get rid of it.Soft cloth dipped in metho. Isn't corrosive enough to hurt (most) paint, but dissolved adhesives really easily.. &)tree was close. . hair dryer with gasoline no thanks. . how about hot water and dental floss. lighter fluid will remove any glue left over. wash and rewax, after.The easiest method is to park the bike out in direct sunlight on a hot day.  After a half hour or so you can go peel the sticker off and leave virtually no residue.  What little residue is left, can usually be removed just by pressing the decal back onto the residue spot and pulling it back off a couple of times.   Granted, unless you live somewhere like Florida like I do, this will work better in the summer than the dead of winter.  But, it's guaranteed to cause no damage to your finish!
A couple of questions for you...  Did it read normal before the oil change and did they (you) use the same viscosity oil as you had before?  Does it read normal at higher RPM's? Thin or diluted oil will cause a low reading. BUT Unless you have run the motor low on oil (or it has many many miles on it) it is likely the sending unit.  Have the pressure checked with a mechanical gauge.  If the gauge is reading corrrect then you may have very thin and diluted oil OR have bad main bearings.  A clogged pickup screen usually shows up at higher RPM's so likely that is not it.   I have a stock 1950 dodge car with a "soft crank" that reads zero at idle and has for 30 years.  The motor is still getting oil but your main bearing clearance sets the pressure reading.  Worn bearings (or in my case the crank) will allow the gauge to read low because there is excess oil flow from the bearing areas.  I overhauled a small block chevy that the owner demanded very tight clearances and the gauge would read over 100 PSI on startup and carry 65-70 at idle.  Clearance was extremely tight on that one.I have a Cherokee, but have never had your problem. If the gauge was ok before you had the oil changed ..Take it back to the garage, and explain it to them ! It must be an electrical problem...did you check your oil is it low ? did this do that before you took it in ? i would put a little thicker oil in it if this is the problem, 10w40 or some additives its about all you con do inless you want to rebuild it .make sure your gauge is accurate, put a gauge in temporary  right off your pressure port and see if it was the same as what your other one was reading.Probably a very weak oil pump or something wrong with the filter. I would get it to garage before it scatters along a high road somewhere. Could be a faulty guage or pressure sending unit, but I would want to know.I think it means that there is very little oil pressure whilst you are idling.Ouch! Be very careful when driving the vehicle indicating low oil pressure.  The reasons for low oil pressure could be: low fluid level, weak oil pump, clogged oil passages, weak engine bearings, and bad oil pressure sending unit. Check for pressure by renting an oil pressure gauge at autozone. Remove the oil pressure switch/sending unit and install the gauge rented at autozone. Fire the engine and verify the pressure. Change the sending unit and flush the engine If there's pressure. If there's no pressure you have these options, replace the oil pump, and oil pump drive rod, or buy a rebuilt engine with a new oil pump in it.check up your oil pumpquite common for it to go low, but not zero. Zero would mean no oil flowing and your engine would last about 2 minutes. Oil pressure guages are not the most accurate things, its probably not zero.. . So long as it picks up promptly at 1200 RPM, and it high when cold, you're fine.. . Perhaps you've put a thinner oil in it this time.I just had this problem. your oil pump is about to go. better get it in the shop now or you will be stranded.
go to your nearest peterbilt,freightliner,or volvo dealer all of these trucks use three batteries and they sell what you need.i own a repair shop,and you bridge the other two batteries together to make 24 volt system on it,the front one should be the main starting battery,and the back two should be bridged  together don't worry its easy once you look at it for a minute or two,,remember bridge them together,,,good luck,i hope this help,s,,ps your owners manual should have this in it.Look for a southwind for sale and go take a look pretend your are inspecting it.Is the house batteries on 12v or 24volt ? I would bet 12 volt they should be in parallel (pos to pos   and neg to neg ) series would increase the voltage (pos to neg) to 24 voltI would personally contact soutwind and if they no longer have a cite look for a site on motorhomes travlers
You might check for a loose or damaged oil filter or even leaking oil pressure switchI know what the problem is....it's a ford!!! LOLI have known the pan drain plug threads to strip out on the 3.8 liter engine, but still more info need to know where its leaking fromA repair shop can put die in the oil to detect where it is leaking from.If it's got 31,000 miles and is an 04, should be in warranty.. go back to the dealer and ask for help.. Possibly the PCV crankcase is not venting like it should.. or as someone said, put dye in the crankcase to pinpoint.. but most leaks are traced to Fram oil filters or those made by that company  (For some reason the seam gets busted on the oil filters that fit the v-6s (Ph 3600) . Usually a Walmart oil change as they use them the most in my area)depending on where your leak is, it is probably a front or rear seal,or if your oil pan seal has been changed they may not have got the front of the seal seated rightIt depends where it's leaking from.
The bet thing to do is to buy them at auction. Your profit will be much greater doing it this way.Dont go to a dealer go to an Auto auction .Your best shot is to contract a "Wholesaler" that deals with new car trades, try the local car aucton.  Ask them to give you a name.apply for a dealership license. once you have your dealership license then you will be able to attend car auctions. This is where the dealership sends most of there car trade ins. it is more cost effective to do it this way.You have to get your wholesaler license.  Then go to the auctions.
on most honda's removing the negative battery cable for about 15 seconds should do the trickGo to an auto parts store and they should be able to reset it but if u dont fix the problem that caused the light to come on within afew miles the light will come back on.You need to go see the dealer. That happened to me. When your ckeck engine light comes on it usually means something went out in your car and has to be replaced.
I had the same code on my car. Is could be a series of things.eg; worn gas cap, a cracked or loose hose,(something to do with the emission system) evap canister. If you can find a reliable and decent mechanic they should be able to repair and replace the part.If you have an auto zone store in your state, they can check your check engine light for you at no cost.Take that reading code to your mechanic.P0440 is a evaporative emissions leak.It may be a loose gas cap or a vent line or solenoid that controls the charcoal canister.The charcoal canister stores fuel vapors from your fuel tank.Check your gas cap and and vacumn lines on the engine or at the canister.There are many possible items that can cause this code ,but the cap is the most common .Usually just left loose or the strap is caught in the cap.You did not state year make or model of your vehicle,so a guess is all that can be made.Take it to dealer and have them run a smoke test on evap system. Only way to find out for sure where leak is.I  assume you already  checked gas cap right?if you put gas in while it was running that will set a code. if not you should take it to a shop that has a tech 2 scan tool, they can run a evap test on it, and find the problem.You need to know what the code is for your car dealer may help and some mechans have books listing codes. The code tells you waht sensor is at fault
There is and never will be a dipstick for the manual transmission.  There is a bold on the side of the tranny to take off, that is about midway up the side.  That is where you'd take it off to check the fluid level.  If clutch engagement is the problem, then it might be the hydraulic system for the clutch that isn't bled properly, or a slave cylinder is leaking, or bad, or the master cylinder to it maybe bad as well.there should be a plug on one side of the transmision that is about half way to the top  remove this plug and f the fluid does not come out then add some. but if you are having trouble shifting it is either in the clucth or the throwout brearng most likley, further problems could be internal sugh as the syncernizes could be wore outIf this is a standard trans. low fluid is not likely going to cause the vehicle to not shift.  Sounds like a clutch slave problem. Sould be next to your brake resivoir little white or clear or possibly black cup that holds fluid. if it is low or empty you may wanna take it back to the place that changed the clutch. may have a leak or they forgot to tighten a bleeder.Look in you manual you got when you purchased the car fore the location. It may not be a serviceable transmission and if not there is no dip stick. If it is a service transmission the it will have a dip stick similar to the engine oil stick but shorter and will likely have a red or yellow ball or square headed on the top of the dip stick, it will likely be located near the front of the transmission or at the rear of the transmission, look for the red or yellow ball or square headed dip stick.Need more information.  For a manual transmission, consider the master and slave cylinders.  They could be low on fluid.  There could be air in the lines which will need to be bled off.  Sometimes air will be trapped and it will work for awhile.  Then the air bubble moves and it quites working.. For an automatic transmission, there is a dipstick.  You just need to find it.  Consult a manual.. Either way, unless you take the time to learn more about the vehicle, you will need someone else to correct it.  Bleeding lines is not difficult, but does require knowing what is going on.  You can read a manual and easily do it yourself with a helper.
It has two more cylinders.. loli don know ..i guess its 2 cylinder4 cylin is a smaller engine with less power and uses less gas VS 6 cylin car is stronger and use more gas . but if u have a light body car a 4 cylin could be very powerful. its all depends what u use ur car for? towing, trans, up hill, ect.2 cylinders!!(2 cylinders), "but" seriously, 4 cylinder is more economical, "usually" has less power, there are pro`s and cons, for both, depends entirely, on what you want from a car.
Well that really depends on a number of things.  One is what kind of box are you using for your 12 inch subs.  If you use a sealed box the bass response will be tighter and higher, if you use a vented you will have beter bass response at low end but those boxes are tuned at a certain frequency, If it was tuned at 45hz for example everytime the bass hit that note that frequency would sound 2 to 3 times louder.  A bandpass box will give you the most bass possible.  It is like a vented but has another chamber to give you more resonace, or bass as you might call it.  If you want low frequency boomy bass then get a vented or bandpass, if you want tight punchy base use a sealed box.  Also, vented and bandpass lower your subs power handing by about 40%.When I hear one of those cars invading the peace of my neighborhood, I start looking for my grenade launcher.. What right do you have to inflict that crap on me from 500' away?. Go ahead, make it loud and drive by my house with it bumping...Be sure to follow these guidlines:. . http://spkrbox1.spaces.live.com. . A ported box may be to your benefit. Just be sure your subs are designed for a ported box and the ported box is designed correctly.
To replace it with the XG350 and now the Azera.  Brands change to keep up public demand and styling changes, it's the nature of the beast.not too many people were buying itIt was re-designed for 2007. It's now the azera.
I help my environment by setting the temperature control to a comfortable level. I want to be comfortable as I drive my SUV alone!!A driver should stop driving and start to use public transport or walk. Or you could always invent an engine that runs on air...don't throw your cigarette butts and other trash out the window  :(drive slower, combine your trips, inflate your tires to the maximum SIDEWALL PRESSURE, not the squishy pressures suggested on the door placard, carpool, use alternative fuels if your vehicle is capable (E85 flex-fuel vehicles or biodiesel engines), drive your car until it no longer runs.  Cars take a huge amount of materials and fossil fuels to manufacture.get out and walkI take the city bus.start walkingKeep your tires properly inflated change air gas filters as recommended.  Keep you car well tuned.  If you state has no emission standards you can call you state police and ask if there is anyplace where you can get one done free.  Windows up vs down uses less gas than using your airconditioning.  Keep your speed consistant avoiding jack rabbit starts and stops.  Use cruise control when available on on long stretches of road.  City is not good for cruise.  Find our what is the cleanest gas to use. or consider hybrids.  Ask yourself do you really need that SUV.
they made it like that ,Mercedes did market research and found their customers preferred 3 blinks for locking and 1 for unlocking.  BMW and Lexus owners preferred it the other way round.
Model is just that, the model.. . Chevrolet Suburban.. . Chevrolet = Manufacturer or make. Suburban = modelmost maufacturers release there new car season in the summer of the following year. For instance aug,2006 release is a 2007 model. SO yeah January 2007 is a 2007 current model year. I work for Yamaha Canada and that is the basis for this answer,The year the vehicle was actually made by the manufacturer.  You can usually find the year on the inside of the drivers-side door where it meets with the body of the car....in plain site usually inscribed sideways.  States, bodyshops and everyone else always go by the year the manufacturer made the vehicle.  You can also visit carfax.com and put in your VIN# and it will tell you the year of the car as well.  good luck.It is confusing. The make of a car would be a Honda, Ford, or Mercedes. The MODEL would be Pilot, F-150, or M350.
When you let it out and the car is in gear and it will not pull its self and you smell something burning ,,,,,it is gone !if youre going along in say..third gear, and you hit the gas pedal to the floor and the RPM's increase but your vehicle does not..your clutch is slippingduh.... it wont workIf the clutch fails to engauge the car in a forward motion, you need to adjust the clutch frist. If that does not fix it think aboiut a rebuild. Have a fun day.Usually....when it doesn't work anymore.Depending on the vehicle..  clutches on some vehicle are driven hydraulically and if air bubbles or the fluid gets low you can have this problem.  like bleeding brakes.  usually if you can not engage the engine smoothly your clutch is worn down to fartry adjusting it.you will know when it goes,you wont go anywhereWhen the clutch is REALLY dead, you will not be able to shift into one or more of the gears. If you are letting up on the clutch and the car doesn't move as it should, then your clutch is slipping badly. If it just has free play, there should be an adjustment on the pedal for the height of the pedal (usually about an inch).If there's too much play, it may just need adjusting. If you can't get it to adjust up and then work normally, then it's time for a new clutch.
use an automotive cylinder hone.start with rough stones. when piston will almost fit, switch to medium then fine stones. go slow, it will take time.use plenty of oil.tell it a story about weaving.You need access to a boring machine. So you'd probably have to take it to a machine shop, with the specs on the piston you want to install.  The'll take it from there.
this sounds like your fan motor is taking a dump on you. it is pulling too many amps when not being helped by moving air.BECAUSE YOUR GIRLFRIEND IS UNDER THE HOODThis happened to me last winter I changed the thermostat and my problem was fixed hope this helped out.  I have a 01 Chevy Malibu if that makes a difference to you at all.. . Hey maybe check to see if there was a recall at one time on the intrepids I know I'm not a big help but otherwise it does maybe sound like some kind of wiring problem, not a car expert, but I know a little.
Well you have a BIG advantage with the motorcycle. You lean into the curve with a bike so you can take it much faster. With a car you have centrifugal force so it throws you and you don't have the control you have with a motorcycle. OH, with a car, I don't think it matters if you have rear wheel or front wheel drive.A car can corner faster than a bike. Balance has nothing to do with cornering,centrifugal forces are the problem.That would be obvious, the car doesn't need to be balanced since it sits on 4 wheels, while a motorcycle has to be balanced all the time.. .    And its a misconception that motorcycles can out corner a car, at the same level of performance, 4 wheels have twice the traction of 2 and you can put a lot more rubber on the road with a 4 wheeled vehicle :)I agree with solara cars have four wheels they can corner fasterThe above posters (except grumpydude) are way off on their explanations.  . First, while a car DOES have four wheels, cornering requires traction.  The only place a car has traction is on the contact patch, the part of the tire that actually touches the road.. Tires are made so that the tread is pretty flat, to increase traction.. If you want ultimate traction, slick tires will offer that.. . Centrifugal forces absolutely affect traction while cornering.  Reason??  Duh, a car in motion will stay in motion...in the direction it was going.  So if you're making a hard left, your car is still moving to the right...you're fighting centrifugal force.  You have no way to change a car's center of gravity so unless you SLOW DOWN, you're going to slide into a wall.. On a motorcycle it's different.  Leaning into a corner lowers your center of gravity, and provided you don't exceed the tire's contact patch, you will be able to corner MUCH faster. . . Duh, obviously the above posters don't read Motor Cyclist magazine.  Several years ago they had a race between a Formula I race car and a GSXR 1000.  While the car won the race, it couldn't come CLOSE to the bike in the corners, and had to make up the time it lost on the straightaways.A cycle always does it on two wheels.   A car does it on 4 wheels most of the time
You have to call DAC to get it directly from them. I am assuming you are talking about your DAC as in truck driving. Easiest way is go to a company like SMX, Arrow or somebody like that, and talk to the safety director and get him or her to give you DAC's phone number.you write to them demand a copy of your dac report .you will have to pay for it.they by law must send you a copy with all info on you.its just like a credit agency like trw. equifax.
what the hell would u wanna do that for. if u're askin me this u can't do it urself. u need some knowledge to do this process. u could screw urself over tryin this with an online helper. i can give u the steps but its too long and too hard to do without any experience..if you have to ask here you can't do it. take it to the shoplast time a guy brought a strut to my shop he had a bandage on his chin from the spring letting go.If you don't know how to do it than your best bet it to just take it to a mechanic. If you start to mess with it you can cause more damage to it than was initially wrong with it and cost yourself more money to get it fixed. . . Personally if you want to learn how to fix cars take a class or get a cheap POS car and start identifying and taking off parts at your leisure. This way if you break something no harm no foul. But if you start messing with your only mode of transportation and you have no clue how to do it you are going to cause more headache than it is worth. Call around and get different estimates from different mechanics to find the best deal.
unhook the negative battery cable from your battery.Take the negative cable off first. It doesn't matter if the wrench hits the frame while you're taking the negative side off, and once it's off, you don't have to worry about shorting the positive terminal to the frame.negative side first or it could arc and blow up in your face  :(Get a pair of safety goggles. Put 'em on. Use a wrench to unscrew the connector on the negative (black or - ) side. Be careful not to touch the positive (red or + ) side while doing this. Then remove the red side. . . DC voltage is not typically dangerous, but if you accidentally short the positive to any metal, you will cause a large spark, maybe a vapor explosion, and probably weld the metals together.. . Take your time, and be careful.you should say what kinda car it is cuz i seen a cuple where the batery was hidden and u had to unsrew this like plate to get it outi thought it was stupid but yeah if u dont know how to ask ssomeone to do it for uuse a 7/16 wrench to loosen the positive or negative battery cable terminal from it's grip around the battery post gently wiggle the end of the cable till it starts to move freely than just work it off the ost .. As soon as the cable has freed the post your electrical current will stop. the battery will be disconnected.just pull it out!! lol  or ask a man!!I spent 29 years as a subway mechanic and your question could be taken several ways. eamil me just what you mean I'll answer no sarcasam. . BTW under certain conditions some of the previous are effective methods of permant eyebrow removeal or worse (boooom)There are only 2 connections--the positive terminal and the negative terminal.
A lot of things can cause a car to miss beside spark plugs. Plug wires,bad distributor cap and rotor,low compression on a cylinder all can cause a cylinder to misfire. Your going to have to do the work and check it out or have someone do it for you.Tried pulling an ECU read out yet?Either the timing is off or your distributor has something wrong with it. OR the choke is messing up. Face it: u need to go to Auto Zone.i own a repair shop,and you need a timing light to adjust it with,really timing wont cause one to miss really bad it might have a bad plug wire on it or something,Geo,s were bad to blow head gaskets ,and this would cause them to miss a lot,and also loose coolant id have someone look at it ,and see if they could find it,it might be more than you can repair on this one,but check the wires and see if they need replacing on it they  Will cause it to miss really bad,good luck i hope this help,s.
check for leaks around head (exterior faliure). . check oil fill cap for condensation (creamy tan substance). . check radiator cap for oil residue. . check engine oil level if it has risen or turned milky then you know the oil is mixed with waterBoiling up and blowing water out of the radiator !HI EMISIONS, LOSING RADIATER FLUID, LOTS OF SWEAT SMEELING SMOKE OUT TAIL PIPE OR UNDER HOOD. CAR OVER HEATS OR NEVER HEATS UP FAST  ENOUGHThat was the worst engine made!!! believe me if your asking if it is gone and shot its DONE its BLOWN- dont get it fixed drive it into the lakeIt will run like crap and be very low on power, but if you keep driving it you can damage the entire engine just get a new head gasket!!water in the oil,using water overheating,loosing power,engine misfire
Go to the clerk's office and tell them what you want to do. With small claims, they should have forms there for you to sign. You'll have to have contact information on the other person so he can be served by the sheriff, or whatever other means of service of process is followed there.good luck collecting,you can get a judgement but it doesnt force him to pay,go to court house and ask for forms,fill in the blanks and show up for court,bring all your info,he with the best case wins,
Methanol and nitro-methane blends are often used in top-fuel drag racing.  . . Ethanol is used with passanger-car fuel and has similar issues to Methanol.  Fuel system deterioration, slightly less fuel mileage, slightly more expensive than straight gas.  But it burns a bit cleaner and is a renewable energy source.10 % is safe to run. here in the US lots of gas has it to help with emissions. more will affect rubber and metal parts.I asked my husband (the resident automotive expert) and he says that methanol could melt some types of rubber and plastic.  He says other that that, running methanol is great.  It's effecient and clean burning.A small amount will be fine, however you will encounter big problems with too much if you don't re-tune the engine and it could lead to detonation of your engine.  Tuned correctly though I have seen some very impressive cars running on methanol and nitro-methanol.
Ever wondered where the radio came from?  Makes you wonder!is the code right?. and maybe fill the rest with "0" or space if that available
http://www.coffeeshop.freeuk.com/ACDfrmGu.htmla Ghia Will have Alloy Wheels. . TDDi = Turbo Diesel Direct injectionTotal Dick Driving Idiotically - well it was this morning...You live in europe or something ? I never heard of a diesel Focus beforeYes, Ghia is high trim and should have alloys.. . Turbo Deisel Direct Injectionit depends how old it is. i dont think they were standard until 51 plates(although it may have been on Y plates). tddi is turbo diesel direct injection,it is a 90ps engine.
hey disregard the insults from otto, he is the only girl. . as for your power steering fluid, open the bonnet, check the fluid level, the reservoir is located in between the radiator and the alternator, not easy to see, it has a black cap, screw on and if it is low it is topped up with automatic transmission fluid, i use a bottle with a long hose on the lid to do top ups.. your question was a good sensible one sorry there are others out there that only insult.. hope this helps you.. IanYou have a beemer... Take it to the shop!preferrably through the cap on top of the power steering pump.the only z3 you should be driving is the z3m. if its not, take it to the dealer and trade it in for a mans car(any other bmw except 3er ti and 1er). theyll take care of putting the proper fluids in it when they go to sell it to a woman.. i hate yuppy bimmer drivers that cant maintain their ultimate driving machines...
it doesnt take time it takes talent. its really hardA couple of days in the shop. Its a major pain. You should replace both head gaskets,with better aftermarket gaskets. Fords are crap.It's one of the hardest things to do.HAVE A QUALIFIED TECH PERFORM THE REPAIR. THE CYLINDER HEAD(S) SHOULD ALSO BE CHECKED FOR CRACKS AND OR WARPAGE BY A MACHINE SHOP
You need a blower resistor. All speeds except for high run thru a resistor block. High speed is run on a relay. The resistor is cheap.The load resistor burnt out.The fans burn out and generally that's the way they go. you lose one speed at a time.blower motor resistor is burnt out. they are right next to the blower motor, just to the front of it. held in by 3  5.5mm screws. common failure, especially right after a rainstorm, or washing the car.
for the easist way to find out if the engine has sludge oil in side or not is lift the oil filler cap and look at it a clean engine will have a clean filler cap and a bad engine will have scale flaking of the oil cap mositure is okI would not blame this on a poor inspection, The engine would need to be torn down to see a build up. This is usually caused from oil deposits and one cause can be using different brands of oil,Like an oil burning engine that gets cheap oil dumped in at the gas station.Stay with one brand of oil.. You got a used car to save money, you always take a chance with a used car if there is no warrantee. He may be right,afterall he is the guy that was in the engine and got a good look.Engine sludge is difficult to detect without removing the oil pan. If it is detected form the top of the engine, then it's far to late. It is hard to say what will now happen to your engine, so play it safe and use good oil(synthetic) and follow a proper oil change routine.An inspection wouldn't turn up sludge. Sludge would accumulate at the bottom of the engine in the oil pan. About 10 bolts along the edge of the pan hold the pan and gasket to the motor. I'm not a master mechanic, but it could me that your mechanic is full of BS. I'm not saying he is full of BS, but he could be. He could be right and saving you problems down the road. Why is there sludge in the pan? It shouldn't be there. At one time, the motor may have had a lot of goopy oil additives added to cover a serious problem.. . Z-Max is very good stuff to add to an engine. It cost about $25. You can buy it at Advance Auto and Checkers Auto.. . www.zmax.com
if the odometer fails the proper procedure is to replace it. the current mileage would be noted and the car would become what is known as tmu or true miles unknown which lowers its value considerably.if the cluster failsSO U CAN RESET IT TO CHECK IF YOUR CAR IS STILL GETTING GOOD GAS MILEAGE
use Icetry this funny method,  pour some cola(pepsi/coca cola) on it then wipe it immediately with a soft cloth.Use ice to freeze the gum and then try to remove with an old credit card or something similar that will not scratch the paint.Get the major part of it off with your fingers (use a rubber Glove) you don't know who's mouth it came from...then they have a product called OOPS or Goo Gone.. that will take the rest off .. then wax the area where you cleaned.. I hope this helps you... Good LuckPut an ice cube on it. When the gum is sufficiently cold, it will become brittle and will be easy to remove, without damaging the paint.Freeze the gum by holding an ice cube on it for a while and it should pop right offUrgh, that happened to me once and was a -bear- to deal with ... actually I ended up waiting too long, I think, and never -have- been able to get it off completely =P  But for what it's worth, I have heard that if you get as much of the gum off as you can (with your rubber-glove clad hands, or perhaps a credit card) and then rub mayonnaise into the spot with a soft cloth, that that will get it off.  I honestly can't say I've tried it myself but if nothing else works it may be worth a shot .... and heck, even if it doesn't work at least you can enjoy fantasizing about cramming the mayo jar down the throat of the vulgar so-and-so who'd put gum on your bonnet in the first place ;)Freeze it with ice cubes and then chip it/scrape it with a plastic implement.
I am pleased you have chosen a car that is fast as f##k and not a naff diesel car that when you press the right pedal down all that happens is the engine makes a rattle noise and some black smoke comes out of the exhaust pipe. What kind of car have you bought is it a r32 golf or a st focus 225bhp all cool cars. I am sorry I have not got a clue how to fit a turbo boost gauge on a car but thank you for choosing not to buy a naff penny pinching miser diesel car.connect to the manifold, and to that idiot that knocks diesels i get 150bhp out of mine and 50mpg on a run! so whos an idiot now!BRUMMAN GET RID OF THE SLOW CAR THAT SHIT AINT FAST WELL YOU MIGHT THINK AND EVERYBODY ELSE WHO HEARS THE WORD TURBO I SMOKE YOUR LITTLE BLENDER I HAVE A WS6 FIREHAWK TRANSAM WITH AN LS1 . THAT STOCK MADE 350 HORSEPOWER TO THE REAL WHEELS ALL MOTOR AND NOW THAT I GOT THE FUCKER STROKED TO A 427 PLUS I GOT ALL FORGE INTERNALS PLUS NITROUSE AND MY 400 TH TRANSMISSION AND MY CAM LIST AT 527 I'LL SURE SMOKE YOU AND ALL YOUR LITTLE CAR CLUBS I MAKE 645 HP ALL MOTOR BUT IF I USE NITROUS AND LETS SAY A 400 SHOT OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH THATS OVER 1,000 HP GOOD THING I INSTALLED A 12 BOLT REAR AXLE WITH MY 3:90S REAR GEAR RATIO ANYWAY I JUST LIKE TO BRAG CAUSE MY TRANSAM IS FAST ANYWAY HAVE FUN AND ENJOY YOUR TURBO CAR LATERS.. . VROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMM.................................its a component of vacuum. look on inlet manifold
mine really is a truck,because i can do what ever i want to in it ,,if i go out and buy  something big ,i can haul it home or i can help other people do stuff, so i really don't have much use for a car other than to maybe drive on the weekends but that's my favorite,,good luck,i hope this help,s.kind or model?  KIND would be 4wd because milage doesnt concern me too much, but traction in deep snow does....MODEL would be lexus IS300 because its a luxury type car available with a manual, and rwd so fun to drive...4dr so very practical.  .....also, i guess under "KIND" i would include japanese because i believe they are the most reliable.i love the 05-06 impala and the 07 impala. i love the style and unique features of the rear tail lights.My Porsche 944. reliable and well built. . It drives itself almost, hugs the roads on the twistys, and still gets 32mpg at 58 mph :)my favourite is :SUBARU outback,it's japanese car with very advanced computerized equipent and AWD too,it get 5 stars in american road crash test.
Use some bubblegum to stick them to whatever mounting surface you decide to use or put them.  connect them all together and wire them directly to your car battery.  Dont forget to 'cut' the wire and splice the ends so you can twist the wire together to turn them on and untwist the wire to turn them off.If your LED don't already have current limiting resistor built in, you'll need to add them. This calc will help you:. . http://led.linear1.org/led.wizall you need to wire an led is first, and LED, 3V, and wire a 300OHM resistor in SERIES with a 12V source.. . If you want to run multiple LED's each one will have to have its own resistor wire in series. with all of the LEDs wire in paraelle to the 12V sourceIf you run a wire with an inline fuse to  battery from the LEDs and run a ground wire you will not hurt your car. use a 25W fuse at the most. if the fuse blows you have a wiring problem with the LEDs. if it dont blow just wire the lights to a switch by itselfIt sounds like you're trying to run alot of these LED's, which means that you'll want to either run a wire directly to the battery, and use the switch, or try running it through the switched ignition wire that supplies your radio with power.  . . Of course, if you don't know what you're doing, you'll continue making things worse, instead of better.
What an unfortunate way of leaving a stain! . . I have found that a damp cloth with my finger in it or a damp Q-tip dipped in dry baking soda does the trick. Repeat. Wipe dry.. . You can apply a lot of pressure without scratching the paint surface.im not positive about on a car but i know peroxide works wondersjust use water, water will get the blood off it will take a little time but it will workblood should just wash offIf polishing didn't work, the next step I would go to would be a clay bar paint cleaner, like Clay Magic. The Clay bar when used correctly, even on a polished clean car, will pull dirt and debris out of the tiny pores in the paint. Do that then use a fine cutting compound on it, polish again with a buffer, and wax as needed.I saw on Mythbusters that sometimes blood is able to be removed by using Cola.  I don't know how well this will work on a car door, but it is worth a try!soap and water has alway worked for mecontact csi..lol.   bleach seems to work on the TV show to remove blood,but it might damage the paint i don't know.
Does the filler tube have an extension? If so, remove the extension, and replace the rubber o-ring or seal. Rubber tends to swell and expand, or crack with age, when exposed to engine oil.well usually the fill tube has an o ring at the end that comes in contact with the engine so if you replace that it could fix your problem right there but if you have removed the fill tube before and perhaps dropped it or bent it in some way it will never seal properly again also if you take it to the car wash and powerwash the spot where the tube meets the block(to get rid of any exess oil ) and then wait for it to dry completely you may be able to run a small bead fo gasket sealer around it. NOTE: this method requires total dryness and lack of oil in the area or the sealer will not stickyou can get some JB Weld and fix it or you can buy a new oil fill tubeGet some JB Weld(cold weld patch).
He already had the 350, so what was he to name it the 400?  the 500 sounded better plus he had a lot of experiance in racing 500 events, maybe Indy 500 had something to do with it , he hewell, im gonna say because it was a GT Wussstang i mean Mustang and it had 500 hp
because they are a bunch of blood sucking thieves.                   JD.They consider many factors for your auto insurance rates. They use your credit history to find out your stability and you past payment history and studies have shown people with good credit or less likely to file claims or fraud. If you are frustrated with the quotes you are getting go to http://www.nationwidebillrelief.com and get some quotes that are accurate without giving up your social security number.It isn't that one is used instead of the other, both are actually in the list of factors that help drive your insurance rates.  Also included in that list are age, gender, vehicle, place where the vehicle is kept when parked.. . Unfortunately, throughout the years enough statistical data has been collected to correlate the likelihood of someone filing a claim and their credit history.  People with lower credit scores are more likely to have accidents/file claims.  . . Also, know that just because you don't give your ss# does not mean that credit information isn't pulled--if it isn't given but it is used by the company you are getting a quote from in your state, the information is still obtainable through Experian and similar companies based on "credit address."  Giving your social just guarantees more accurate information and allows the company to verify your identity on the back end, actually further protecting you.they say by their statistics that people with good credit don't file as many claims as people with bad credit. i was an agent for 30 years, i say the more expensive the car and house, the more claims they will file and over the least little thingBecause if you have a history of delinquent payments, it doesn't matter if you're the best driver in the world. You're still not paying!You should call the insurance company,and ask them why your rates went up 3 times
Unless you want to go with a smaller motor I think you are stuck with the squats.. It can he hard to balance a smaller boat with that kind of weight hanging from the transom...   Jimthe obvious would be to put weight in the bow to counter the weight in the stern. Another option would be to find a lighter motor. Be advised putting more weight in the boat takes away from the load the boat can carry so don't over load. You could transfer your battery,gas,odds and ends to the bow without a weight penalty. This will require you to get an extension for the battery cables and fuel lines.Your Whaler is a light boat that doesn't have a lot of room for putting anything in the boat to correct the problem.  Your engine seems pretty big and may be the central problem.  Therefore, a smaller engine, which is likely not an option, would help.  Getting weight in the front helps.  You may try a water ballast bag, like that which is used in wake boarding.  Be sure the trim setting on the engine is set correctly.  This could cause major bow raising if set improperly.  Don't move the gas tanks forward.  They are best left in the back.  Whatever you do to correct the problem, observe the weight capacity restrictions of the Whaler.put floation things in the stern. or afd weight to the bowA few ideas that may or may not work.. . To minimize the problem while the boat is at rest, you could move your fuel cells (not sure if they are glassed in place or portable tanks)  forward to help balance the weight on the stern.. . While in motion, you can easily fix this problem by installing trim tabs on your boat.  They will help you get on plane faster and will allow you to "trim" the bow down while turning lower RPMs on your outboard.Hello Ernesto:. . You have several things you can do.... . First, you can move any and all moveable weight in the. the stern to some place near the midpoint of the boat, or. up in the bow. Such things as extra anchors, fuel cans, . shore power cords, all that stuff that finds its way into the stern - move it forward. Now look at your batteries. Can . you install them somewhere forward and run longer cables? If so, do that. Some immediate improvement should be noticed.. . Second. Have all passengers sit forward (that is moveable weight also.). Should help improve things a bit.. . Third. Install Trim Tabs. One kind of trim tab uses hydraulic rams to adjust the angle of the trim tabs as. you move through the water. Another kind of trim tab. is either fixed - you adjust it until it works right and . then lock it in place. Still another type of trim tab uses. a shock absorber kind of piston with a spring to set . your trim tabl angle. Any one of these will help to bring. the nose of your boat down, but you must change the. angle (reduce it) as you speed up.. .  Fourth. There is a kind of fin attachment that you can. add onto the lower unit of your outboard motor. These. are fairly inexpensive and help do the same kind of work as Trim Tabs, but are not as effective at doing it.. . Fifth. have you checked to see if you have your outboard motor set on the hull at the correct angle? Have you tried adjusting it one way or the other? Can you do this from a button on the dash while in motion? Hmm-m give that a shot and see if it helps.. . Sixth. This is a really bad idea, but it might be what you need... Try adding something heavy in the bow like one, two, or three cinder blocks - just for a test. See which one makes the boat operate like you want. Your job then is to either move something from the stern to the bow. that weighs the same amount as the cinder blocks, or. if all else fails install some chunks of lead that heavy up. forward in the anchor locker. Add 100 lbs of chain to your anchor line for example...I hate to carry around a lot of unnecessary weight with fuel costs being so high these days. However, the cinder block experiments will give . you a feel for the amount of weight shift you need to . achieve. Remember, an average man weighs 180 - 220 Pounds...Move him forward.     . . A large number of boats will lift their bow under acceleration. The interesting point is when does. the bow settle down to a pleasant level? Trim Tabs. make this happen almost at your will. Moving all moveable weight forward will make this happen sooner.. . Hope some of this helps you out.Well, you've got 490 pounds of outboard back aft in a vessel which has a designed weight of 3000 pounds. I think you're going to have to live with the fact that you'll be squatting noticeably as long as you've got that motor. Putting more ballast up forward isn't an option in my opinion because it will make the vessel more unstable, which could have catastrophic consequences in any kind of a foul weather/wind/wave situation.. . Sorry
Buy a repair manual. You'll need to know what the torque settings are for the bolts, if you need to use new bolts, and any other special requirements. Less than 20 bucks is a small price to pay so everything turns out correctly, and you don't have to redo it.. . You'll also have to get the heads checked out, as they could be warped a bit, and probably need new valve seals. Best buy would be a head rebuild gasket kit.You're gonna need to buy a repair manual available at nearly ANY auto parts store.  But beware, this is NOT going to be an easy job.. . If you do manage to get that far, I would not bother milling the head surface, nor worry about the pistons or esp rings.  Just replace the head gasket, use new cylinder head bolts, and torque them down as the book tells you to.  That will usually do it.  . . Take notes of every step you take as you do this job.  (And don't let "lightning" above scare you; you can do this yourself, if you just follow the directions.  One trick:  the exhaust manifold is often very hard to get off.  I just cut mine off, in front of the cat, then use a muffler fitting to put it back together again.  That works well.  And is MUCH easier than getting off the exhaust bolts.That's only half the problem the (pistons) very well can be damaged from the over heating they are made of aluminum and expand and contract faster than iron and usual there will be score Mark on the cylinder wall this will be pieces of the piston if so you will need a new motor OK,or one that is rebuilt, just changing out the gaskets will not do it ,in the old days you could but not on a modern vehicle, slim to none of a Chance, , and you need to know what to look for after the heads are off, the heads must be sent to a machine shop and the must be maggufluxed (if cast iorn) aluminum are the worse, (and if the heads a re damaged beyond repair you will need repalacements, and pressure tested then resurfaced the a valve grind that's a rebuilt head if you do not do this your wasting your time and money its always best on a major job like this to have a pro look at it or do the work, you need special tools, and equipment, and the know how to do this kind of repair, not to mention that you have not or don't even know the cause of it yet ? over heating is a symptom of a different problem, so if you never done this kind of repair dont even try , you will be money ahed have a pro do it someone with some experince, good luck
a headlight actuator is a small motor that raises and lowers your headlights.Well they can be vacuum or electric powered and all they really do is raise and lower either the entire headlight assembly or just a cover to hide them when not in use .  Think of my 78 Vette :) or a firebird or a daytona lots of cars have them and until one gets stuck there cool looking too :)and some are vacuum controlled, some are motor controlled. Still a pain in the a-s.
At the beginning of a loan the vast majority of your monthly payment goes towards interest.  The process of figuring out how much goes towards principle and interest is called amortization.  It is totally in the bank's favor at the beginning of the loan.. . As time passes a larger percentage of your payments will bring down the balance.Your loan payments combine interest and principal. In the early stages of the loan the interest is eating up most of your money-paid and the payoff of the actual amount borrowed is going down very slowly.It's and interest pays off first loan or possibley it is amortized which is more comon in home loans.  You should have never signed when you saw the %15.75.  They would have started coming down right on the spot on interest.  They once tried to stiff me for %18 when I got up to walk out they came down to 11.welcome to the real world..Try to refinance that loan.... mine is 5.50 % from a credit union.That's because only a portion of the 3 payments you've made went to the principal and the rest goes to the interest which i also think is too high at almost 16%Nope.. that sounds about right.  Here's why.. . Each month you must pay interest on the money you owe.  This interest is calculated by dividing the annual percentage rate (15.75) by 12 giving a monthly interest rate of:  1.3125%.  If you multiply the beginning monthly balance of $13,759 by 1.3125% you determine the interest accured for the month:  $180.57.   This accured interest will slowly decrease as your principle balance reduces. Now subtract that from your $335 payment and you are left with $154.43 to apply towards the principle and fee cost.  You've made 3 payments which works about to about $460 to be applied against that principle balance leaving about $13,299.. . So.. there seems to be about $330 missing.  Now... remember that depending upon the day you inquire on the balance, the interest has accrued and therefore the payoff amount will vary based on the day of the month you've asking on.  This still seems to be about $100 off..b ut I suspect there may be a fee that you may not be thinking about.  Any late payments?  If so, not only do you have the late fee but also the interest still accrues for the full amount until the payment is received.  Even if your not 'late' but you pay after the actual due day, interest will accrue until they receive and apply the payment.  This could easily compenstate for the difference.. . Contact the finance offce at Toyota and get their perspective on it.  I think you'll find the number is right.. . Hope this helps and good luck!Of your $335.00 payment most of it goes to interest without doing to math about 19 to 23 dollars goes to principle the rest is interest the bank wants their money first the longer you have the note the more will go to the principle hope the loan is short termIf you financed through Toyota Financial your credit cant be that bad - go to your local credit union and ask a loan officer to refinance it. You might already have enough established credit with 3 payments. bring your most recent pay check stub and title (depending on your state)
check cylinders, fuel pumps, spark plugs, battery, timing belt, the idle speed, etc...Could be a bad ignition switch. See with a test light if there is power to the coil when key is in run position. If not trace back to switch, possible broken wire.. Some models have a module that needs professional test made. It used to be inside the distributor. If you have the skill, take the module out and to Auto zone for testing.take your fuel cap off and then start it. if it stays running then the vent holes on your gas cap are plugged. or it could be your vent to the gas tank.I have a 2000 Grand Prix GTP, and my car would start, but would stop after like two minutes of driving it, and it was the fuel injectors. Two of them were messed up and they were like 120 bucks apiece. It's hard to say what's wrong with somebody elses car without actually looking at it, but that and the transmission are the only things that have messed up in my car. Pontiacs have the worst transmissions ever, so beware.
It's condensation, a tip to stop this happening is to wipe a thin film of washing up liquid (the stuff that you wash dishes in) on the insides of your windows when it is cold, wet and damp outside. It works every time, I also do this on the inside of my motorcycle helmet visor if i'm using my motorbike at this time of the year.mine was like that i had a leaking heater matrixget a new car maybe u r impatient or havent got the correct settings try keeeping windows closed have it on hot and fan full for a while that will do da trick. or get car with a heated screenIt is quite possible that you have a leak starting in your heater core. The other option is your evaporator for your air conditioning is damaged also.  If your car has a/c the evaporator is responsable for removing moisture from the car and converting temp from hot to cold. Start by pressurizing your cooling system, if it looses pressure, then it is the heater core, if doesn't then it is more likely the evaporator.Make sure that your vent system is set to Fresh air from outside veichle and not on recycled air..Also clean the pollen filter these get blocked and cause condensation especialy on fordsSteamed-up windows mean water vapour circulating in the car. That water vapour hits the cooler/cold glass and condenses back into water. . . You need to find out where the water vapour is coming from. Is it merely your breath? Are your carpets wet? If it is your breath, clean the inside of your windows, and drive with the window cracked open or the hot air from the heater directed toward the screen.. . If your carpets are wet, get them dry... soonest, before they rot your floor-out. You also need to find out why they are wet. Is it just water on people's feet when it rains being brought into the car, or do you have a leaking windscreen or door seals or similar.its called condensation its mainly formed when you or inside your car is a bit wet or damp either when you have just been out in your and  you either over night or even a short while its a mixture of the damp and warm air ,that steams your windows up . i have a new car and mine used to steem up .if you get a clean cloth and abit of vinagar  and wipe the windows with itcondensation, warm moisture in your breath turning back into water on the cold glassYou could have a torn weather strip but to keep it from foging up you can buy some de-fog at your local parts house.if it cold outside they will steam up, you need some air circulating open the window a bit or put the fan on lowThe moist warm air inside your vehicle has no where to go.  You must let it escape by opening your window a bit or opening a vent.Most likely you have a leak inside your car. When it rains the water drips inside you car. The moisture in the car makes the windows steam up. I have the exact same problem with my car. My windshield leaks and the water goes under the dash. When I start driving, the moisture in the air starts to cling to the windows.Taste the mist if it is sweet it is radiator fluid from the heater core It has a hole in it. The longer you drive the worse tit will get! you may also check the floor board on the passenger side to see if it is wet!whildt driving put ur heaters up n soon  as u roll ur windows down the mist will go away in a matter of minutes !The wetness on the inside is caused by the breath of the occupant(s) condensing on the cold glass of the windows.  This can usually be cured in a few minutes by driving with the windows slightly opened and the car's heater switched on with the side vents angled towards the glass.. P.S. from your additional details you seem to have tried all these remedies - seems you may be driving an the fog!!!!!!!!
BOMBS!!!Disconnect the wiring and terminate the terminals and unbolt the light.
Usually there is a hose hook-up on the engine intake to flush the engine.  Just screw the hose onto it, turn it on, and you can start the engine.Get a really big toilet!
From the top looking down, there is a bolt in the bracket that the cable goes thru that threads in to the calper. If memory serves, it's a 13mm head. Remove that bolt, the cable will swing up and out of the way.Check the Cadillac 'Overhaul Manual' for details. Also, the parts department should be able to provide you with an exploded view of the brake assy.first there is no emergengency brake line only a brake cable for the emergency brake system all you got to do is  use vise grips to grap the wire not the tubing that goes to the caliper to dis engauge the emergency brake if this does ;nt work make sore the swicth for the emergency brake does work properly by operating by hand this could malfunction with the help of a lazy return spring
A crossover can boost bass or change frequncies on mid or highs but it depends on the quality of your crossover, but if really works best with more than one amp or a multi-channel amp.. . If you wold like the get better tunes without an amp use an EQif you hear distortion coming from any speakers due to the fact that they are trying to reproduce frequencies outside of their capable range, then yes it will help. if not, then it will be a waste of money. without an amp, and, depending on the specific stereo you have, you probably wont need itIt's not for sound improvement.. . A crossover just separates frequencies to specific speakers/subs.
TAKE IT TO A MECHANIC.Go to the library and look it up in a manual there. Then photo copy the instructions.
If it is a factory unit there is no amplifier, just the unit that is in the dash....if it is a limited additon you will have to provide more information.There is no external amp. If there is an amp at all it is built into the stereo.wut she said, the rangers stereo has a built in amp.
No it is not OK for the flywheel to be missing a bolt. The rear main seal is directly behind the flywheel so when you change the clutch and remove the flywheel for resurfacing, its right there. Cheep and easy to replace.better replace the flywheel bolt,because it can throw the balance off and vibrate.to replace the rear main seal,take off the last rear main bearing cap and take a thin screwdriver and lightly tap the upper seal out from the upper crank and take the other half from the bearing cap.if your using a 2 piece seal and if its rubber,install the upper part of the seal with the lip facing the front of the car and do the same with the seal in the cap(dont forget to oil the seals with clean oil before installing them)and put some high temp.silicone sealer on the ends of the seal of the cap,then install the cap and torque the bolts to specs.install the oil pan and put the oil in it.hope this helps you.
If you have ABS it may just be that.Hard to say could be a lifter.Renpen is right.  Try to move the gearshift out of park without pressing brake pedal. I bet you can't do it.  Now step on brake and shift from park.  Its a safety interlock that prevents shifting from Park without pressing brakes.  Keeps the car from moving suddenly when you put it in gear.it is not normal to hear this noise.  something is loose.take it back to the dealer for warranty.There is a lock on the gear shift lever that requires you to step on the brake pedal to disengage it.  This is so you can't pull it out of park without having your foot on the brake.  My 2004 VW makes a similar noise when you step on the brake with the lever in park.i own a repair shop,and i think its a normal sound for it,but if you think it has  problem ,id take it back to the dealer,and have the check it,use that warranty while you can to get all the bugs out of it,,good luck i hope this help,s,,and have a happy thanksgiving.
If you need a wiring diagram you can go to http://autos.groups.yahoo.com/group/Do_It_Yourself_Help/. and I will send you one.sounds like you have the running light wire and the brake light wire mixed up. use a test light to find which ones they are by turning them on one at a time, and then try switching the wires.
Put the front tire agianst a wall and give it hell!!!!hold the front brake and turn the throttleI doubt that a cr 80 has enough power to do a burn out with someone sitting on the seatWhy, burnouts are hard on the chain, tranny, gears, clutch, tires.. . Just not worth it.The easiest way is to do it while standing with no weight on the bike... just grab a whole bunch of front brake, give it some gas, and dump the clutch.  Once you master that you can try it with your feet on the pegs.  Just keep your weight way forward over the bars and do the same thing... if you slowly let off the brake you can transition into a rolling burn out.
oh here we go another over bearing mother let the kids be kids and just keep the band aids handyI've seen many accidents with them. I mean they don't go fast or anything, but it's hard enough for adults to drive safely these days.I think they are fairely safe for children as long as the child is playing in a secure and level area.It depends on how they use them.  I had one of those when I was little and we never got hurt and I am sure that they have only gotten safer.  We could have gotten hurt though because we used to tie a jump rope to the back and put on skates and hold onto the rope, don't let your kids do this because they are not really controlling their own speed and whether they go or stop.  I think that the cars are safe as long as kids stay on sidewalks and in your driveway and use the car properly (like not standing up in it, tying a rope on the back, jumping in and out when it is moving, etc.)As safe as any other kids toy...just keep them out of the street!. . I put a lawn mower battery in my daughters "Jeep" when the original battery died, it hauls ass and she loves it.Depends. #1 they should be at the age where they can understand to stay still. So two is too young. Second,not on a busy street. They go very slow(like 3mph). My brothers had one. Just stay close.As safe as the parent makes the situation.  I live in an apartment complex and someone allowed their child to ride one around the parking lot at dusk and shortly thereafter a car came speeding thru the area.  If the parent makes sure the child is in a safe area, the child should be fine.My grandson had one a few yrs ago, it seemed safe enough, but I would never let a child ride one unattended. He enjoyed it, but we lived in the country with plenty of room.not very
the carb is there to atomise the fuel, (mix the air and fuel and create a vapour from it that is easily ignited) and to be able to vary the amount of fuel/air mixture supplied to the engine by increasing the amount of air when the throttle is opened, thus drawing more fuel into the carb.Oh boy! Without going into alot of detail on the Carb., to put it simply, it is designed to properly mix air with fuel before it reaches the combustion chamber.To meter a precise amount of fuel into the throttle body dependent on throttle position and to keep the engine idling at the proper speed.The carburetor on an engine measures out an amount of gas, and mixes it with air so that the engine can run.  It can be very simple, or very complex, depending on the design.the same as a carbeurator in a car engine.  it mixes the fuel & air.
wont happen for atleast 20 yearsThe Ford Model T was introduced in the early 1900's, that is the first car in the USA.  VW Beetle was introduced I think before and during World War II.  Mercedes Benz introduced its car in the early 1900's. Railroad trains I think in the early 1800's.. . What are the chances, the year is 2006. I still see them, although with advanced technologies on cars and trains. I will still see them next week and next year.. . The only place that people don't used cars for work, but use trains and taxis, is New York.0%. It ain't gonna happen.Greater and greater as time goes on.. . I hope it happens someday.. . I'm not a greenie but I hate traffic jams and accidents and cars in general.Not happening...the world is far too dependent on automobiles for transportation.... . People don't like change and this would be a gigantic change.. . Companies will invent a "better-type" of gas/fuel to power a car but, cars are here to stay.Not in the near future it won't. The powers at be would not allow complete economic meltdown it would cause.i don;t think the oil companies will let that happen.And who do you think owns the polliticians?
This question is not specific enough.. and i would not think it would be too hard.Not difficult, but depends on the dash area you are referring to.  There are aftermarket wood dash kits for some BMW models ( you don't say which model you're talking about, but if you have no wood you may be in luck), which are specifically laser cut and thin enough to transition small curves, etc.  If you are thinking about making them from scratch, the veneer selection would have to be carefully cut and styled to come off well, and you need tools to make this happen. If you are not into veneering, you might want to look for kits first so it does not come off as too amatuerish.
yes you can swap. The difference is that Super Uleaded is higher octane and designed to give better performance to some high powered cars. If you have an ordinary car it is a waste of time paying the extra moneyI don't know what str1der is talking about. The key word is "UNLEADED" and that's exactly what it is, wheter it's regular, plus or super. The difference is the octane rating no more, no less. Put in the grade fuel that your vehicles manufacturer reccomends. A commom myth is ones car runs better on super even though it's designed for regular. The A.S.E. has conducted numerous tests on this myth. The end result is put super in a car designed for regular and all your doing is making the oil company richer. Of course if you have modifications made to your engine (intake, ignition, chip, exhaust etc.)then you will have to experiment a little to find out what's best for you.Super unleaded is higher in octane and here is a link to what it means and how it works http://auto.howstuffworks.com/question90.htmThey are different octane. That means the super unleaded is cleaner. The higher the octane, the cleaner the gasoline is, and the hotter it burns.. . You can swap from one to the other if you car is made to handle just regular unleaded. If you have a Cadillac, you should be putting premium in your tank at all times.Normal unleaded is 95RON, the standard for commercial vehicles in europe.. . It differs in some countries, super unleaded is normally 97 RON, although TESCO's are now doing a 99 RON Bio-ethanol (which makes some cars go like stink).. . On a basic level, the higher the RON, the more chemical energy is available for the combustion process, which in turn means a more powerful explosion, and higher power levels.. . It is not worth using super unleaded in cars that do not have a knock sensor, as the ECU will not be able to adjust the timing (due to differing flash point of the fuel) to benefit from the higher octane. . . As a general rule, very high performance cars (porsche, ferrari etc) are designed to run on super unleaded, using normal 95 RON will see a drop in performance.. . BP Ultimate and Shell Optimax have both been proven to boost power, particularly in modern turbocharged cars.  VW's new golf GTi turbo see's 15bhp by using the Optimax fuel.. You also get mariginally better fuel consumption, which all but offsets the price increase.In the u.k unleaded petrol has an octane rating of 95 minimum and super unleaded has an octane rating of 97 minimum. If your car is a 1.1 litre ford fiesta then you are wasting your cash using super unleaded. If your car is a high performance muscle car then it is worth the few extra pence per litre.Super unleaded is designed for sports engines, for the average motorist it will make no difference to the performance or fuel consumption of your car. It will just cost you more to fill up without any benefit to you or the car!As others have said it is a higher octane fuel - And you can use it on vehicle designed for unleaded, I use it in mine - The vehicle has to designed to run on the higher octane.If you have a look back at my previous answers I answered a very similar question a couple of weeks ago.. . I got best answer.. . Hope this helps!  Can I have 10 points please??unleaded is for little citroen saxos where as super unleaded with the higher octane rating is for performance cars like subarus and evossuper unleaded makes your tank cleaner and engine plus it lasts longer and unleaded is the oppositesuper lead causes more carbon emmissons and is bad for the enviroment.Octane rating, also if you're running an older turbocharged car and you up the boost pressure, it allows you to run more ignition advance (if it's an older turbocharged one with a Dizzy or programmable ignition like mine) and reduces Detonation experienced at higher boost pressures (Engine killer).. . Not much cop for your Mondeo 1.8 though.answer to first quistion is yes  the difference not a lot they want to make more moneyearlier they added lead to gasoline. but later they found it was harmful to the environment. so now it is unleaded.. . super unleaded means that it contains more octane which burns more efficiently. gasoline with more octane value is 'super'. its all done at the refinery. the octane value higher than the normal is called super. it may be 90% and 95% or 95% and 99%The difference is the "octane" rating.  Octane is a measure of the tendency of volatile elements in fuel to ignite under pressure.  In a gasoline engine ignition of the fuel in the cylinder should only happen when an electrical spark is supplied, if it ignites prematurely under pressure alone the lack of synchronisation between the cylinders will cause the engine to make "knocking" noises, to suffer loss of power, and in severe cases to suffer mechanical damage.  Higher octane fuels are less liable to ignite under pressure.  The minimum octane is specified by the engine manufacturer, too high an octane will do no damage but will cost more, too low an octane will cause the problems I referred to.  "Super" simply means higher octane, the actual octane rating is usually written on the pump.  Stick with the fuel recommended by the manufacturer.I don't know if you can swap from to the other but think that Super Unleaded is supposed to be cleaner... You need to talk to your car manufacture and or a mechanicSuper has more octaine, which is more energy, only needed however if the engine requires it, for example if engine designed for higher compresson.I know the answer and its simple. . Unnleaded(95 octane) is cheaper. Super Unleaded(99 octane) is more expensive.. . Good way of making extra profits for oil companies.super unleaded works for old cars that dont normaly use unleaded fuel!. . Dont use it in your unleaded car!By day unleaded works as a mid mannered newspaper reporter, by night he changes his persona and fights crime....but shh, cause no-one else knows...it's a secret!!!the octane level, which is better for the speed of the car you put normal unleaded petrol in normal cars and super in sports cars its the way the petrol breaks down gives the car more performance.about 3p per litre i thinkAs most of the other people have answered correctly. It's got a higher Octane level.. Which ACTUALLY means that it ignites more easily when exposed to an ignition source. The benefit of this is that the petrol is more volatile & burns faster & hotter by a marginal amount resulting in a more efficient use of the chemical energy...'more bang for your buck' sort of thing.. Not all cars are capable of using the higher octane grades as the ECU (car brain) in older and less powerful cars is not designed to utilise premium fuel and will simply treat the air/fuel mix as a standard '95' grade fuel giving no added benefit.. . Some older (pre 1990) cars have a small 'link' in the engine bay to manually designate to the ECU which fuel is being used and so alter the 'map' - if set to '95' and '98' is used - no benefit, BUT if '98' is selected and only '95' is used it can result in slight engine damage as excess air is added resulting in too hot a mixture.. . If you have a fairly modern, 'sporty' or 'muscle' car then it may be worth the switch - mixing them is OK, it will just result in a diluted premium / enhanced regular.It is usually the octane rating. Unleaded is normally around 95v octane and super-unleaded is around 99.Super unleaded should only be used on occassions to clean out the crap from your engine, you also get more miles per gallon when using it, i use it about once amonth.. I was told it was better for your car, if it's costs more why would it be worse for you to use, they still sell the rubbish (lead replacement) petrol for the older cars that need it..unleaded is just that it is fuel that has not been refined as much as super unleaded ..personally i think that the version sold by shell in the UK is very expensive..last time i looked it was £2+ a LITRE..(mugs) it is road legal fuel..just a couple of steps away from the stuff they put in F1 cars(so i have been told) on a personal note..i think all cars in the UK from 2010 should have built in a duel fuel system either electric or LPG.or bio fuel.that would reduce carbon admissions buy a 1/2 in 5 YEARS..SO COME ON BRITISH GOVERNMENT WHY HAVENT YOU DONE THIS ??Super unleaded has a higher octane rating, which actually relates to how smooth and clean the "burn" is if the fuel. Higher octane rating means improved burn, hence a little more power to the wheels.. . You can swap as much as you like between one and the other, chances are unless your engine is specifically tuned for super unleaded (97 to 98 Octane rating), you won't see much difference.. . There is now a new "breed" of super unleaded fuels, such as V Power from Shell, which is actually a vast improvemnt, and you will tell the difference, particulalry over the longer-term, in terms of engine efficiency etc. Slight improvements in economy and acceleration. . . Mainly a marketing ploy, but hey, what isn't these days!The price!!! Super unleaded costs more and it's probably a gimmick anyway!!!super unleaded is better for your engine and they reckon cuased less pollution which i reckon load of bull sh*twell it is obvious,the other is much cleaner,and you would have worked that out you being a  detective.about ten pence a litre
A difficult proposition.  I tried it myself but to no avail.  Don't be discouraged, may be someone may propose something and I will be looking for it.use hydrogen peroxide. then wax it.We need to know exactly what caused the stain as many cleaners and solvents are stain specific. However, not knowing this I will offer you a couple of options.. . Penetrating oil, Dawn dish-washing detergent, "000" steel wool, and believe it or not, BRAKE FLUID!!!. k.um.. clrAWSOME ----------its the brand name of a degreaser----------use  with water
Yes there is a trick or several tricks.. First with the em.brake off and the car in Neutral.Take off the tire,using a large hammer smack the drum in between the lug studs several times,this works 99% of the time.Then tap on the back of the drum,be sure not to hit the backing plate and bending it.put both hands on the drum across from each other moving side to side pulling on the drum.It should come off.You must have some brake tools to remove the shoes.You buy these tool at a car parts place where you buy the brake shoes.They can show you what you need.They are not that costly.A repair manual can also be of help and you can buy that there also.Do one side first leave the other side on in case you don't remember how the shoes go on.There is a primary shoe and a secondary shoe just compare them before you remove them.One shoe is longer than the other one.That is another reason not to take both sides off you can always go look at the other side.You should take both rear drums with you and have them turned at the auto parts place.Mark the drums L and R so they go back on the same side they came off of.If you do not have them turned you may experience a pulsation when braking when finished.Check for leaks (fluid)at the brake wheel cylinders,if you have one you must rebuild them or replace them.. . I would for sure get a repair book.You can get a Haynes or others that are cheap.if you look at the drum, there are two little threaded holes on the face of the drum, get 2 long bolts and screw them in there evenly. Once they touch the bottom, turn them a couple of turns each. This will 'press' the drum off the shoes/hub assembly. I don't know what the thread pitch is on Toyota's, you'll prob. just have to take a look and get a few at the hardware store.. . once you get the drum off, take a picture of the brake assembly, digital would be great. this will help you when you reassemble.These folks have covered what to do if the drum is frozen on with rust, but there may be another problem. The drums may be worn down so there is a groove the shoes are riding in now. This makes the diameter of the outside of the shoes bigger than the diameter of the drum edge. You can pound all you want, but if this is the case, you won't pass that smaller diameter over a larger one.. . There is a slot in the back of the brake housing. It should have a rubber plug on it. Remove it and you will see an adjustment ring with teeth on it.. . You will have to turn this ring to bring the shoes closer together. I'm not sure which way to turn the ring, but you'll find out. It should turn easier when you are moving them close together.
it makes it look cheaperPeople are more likely to buy what seems to be cheaper. That 10th of a cent makes a huge difference I suppose.Psychologically, for the same exact reason you see things advertised at $19.99 and $19.95 instead of just $20.. . Most people don't look at the 9/10 when at the pump, just the $2.29.  Since you can't have 9/10 of a cent, it simply gets rounded up, but it still LOOKS like it's a tad cheaper than it is.Original gas was taxed at 9/10 of a cent per gallon and service stations just added that to the price.  Of course tax (and gas) has gone up a lot since then, but the fraction stayed.It is the other 1/10th of a cent is given to the retailer for handling the tax transaction. Since the pumps only record in cent increments.
Remove the lower hose.  Many of them have no drain.  On the ones that do it is incredibly hard to reach and has to be done from underneath.  Often you can easier remove the lower hose from the water pump and then push it down past the bottom of the radiator and drain it that way.  I have done that removing the radiators on those many times.should be on the bottom left or right of the radiatorThe 4.0 engine is an inline 6 cyl not a v-6.  anyway the drain valve for the radiator should be on the passenger side of the radiator near the bottom, not very easily accessible.  There is no flush valve
very very very slim......like 20 times more slim than the chances of Rhode Island raising their speed limit whcih i wish they would do ... but its never gonna happenWhen the technology is developed and made economically feasible that will allow the average family to hop into their car-sized shuttle in the "garage" of their home and be in space in a matter of minutes.. . Time to realization: two generationsabout 0. Sorrynot going to happen, there wont be a mass transit that would be fiesable to get people where they need to go. Everyone is going different places and distances.0.01%
Not in most countries due to the privacy act.Only if you are in law enforcement and have a good reason for doing so.No you can not, this is restricted information available only to certain groups like law enfocement.It is a violation of privacy laws.  Only law enforcement and dvl/dmv have access to that, and they cannot look it up without a valid reason.Subscribe to this website.. . http://www.accurint.com/. . Used this site alot while employed with a previous company, You can do a search by entering the license plate number.
Peel off the duct tape.there about a dozen white plastic clips that hold your door panel on. possibly a screw or two too.. find these and you will have the knowledge you seek.The power window switch panel lifts up with a firm grasp, there is also a screw in the concave surround in the door handle. There is also a screw or two by the door pull, the rest is accomplished by gentle pry with a large flathead screwdriver around the edges.Depends on if you have power windows or manual windows. If you have manual windows, you'll have to remove the C-clip behind the window handle. Otherwise, there will be screws in armrests and possibly along the hinge side of the door. The rest of the panel is held on by clips, but be careful not to break them because your door panel won't go back on.
To help disperse the weight of vehicle and passengers, and all the luggage they have.Not ALL do. But for the most part, it is for the weight factor.. Not all that have two rear axles are both "drivers". Some have one driver and the other is referred to as a "TAG" (tag along) axle.Well, when you load one up with 55 190 pound (average) bodies and put a big diesel mill to push it down the road, you need to distribute the load over an extra set of wheels, thus the extra axle.
http://www.iboats.com  this is the place to find the info,go to the boat forumsMy man did an old Merc 40 and he undid the bolts on the plate above the prop and worked the shaft down undoing the gasket and water pump pipe.Shift to forward. Remove the Allen Bolt that hold the little fin above the prop, remove the bolts (2-4 I not sure) and it should drop.
From what I understand from my neighbor, a former Mobil Oil consultant. The pump is designed to reclaim the fumes from your empty tank and prevent them from being released into the atmosphere. Topping off the tank with these newer style pumps causes spills and air leaks sending the fumes into the air.If you fill it too much, you might spill it, or it might spill later while driving, and gasoline is bad for the environment.This guy rocks.
Because, in general, you get what you pay for.  Higher quality of parts are used, more money goes into  R&D, they are imported, etc., etc.One word.  Engineering.  The porsche 911 has been in production for 40 years.  No other performance car has had a run that long and stayed at the top or near the top of it's class, or enjoyed as much international sporting success.  Porches are engineered so brilliantly they put most other manufacturers to shame.  And they hold their value better than most other cars, so while it is expensive you will get a lot for it when you want to sell it. If you take care of it of course.Because there are rich people in Germany that want to be richer.Porche cars are 'expensive' because they are actually cheap to own, in-expensive to drive, and out-perform most of the junkyard metal that is out there on the streets.  . . Porche has:.  1. excellent engineering.  2. outstanding quality.  3. Performance .  4. good safety protection for the soft 'cargo'.  5. great resale value.  6. a charisma based upon a century of excellence.  7. Sex appeal, if such is possible in an in-animate object.  8. comfort.  9. Style. 10.wonderful delivery on value. . But, Porche is not "expensive" for an item that delivers on the entire list of what is the best bang for my buck.  . . All the glitz or bling-bling of stupid spinning hubcaps doesn't equate to the stylish performance of a sleek and streamlined icon which is the standard for comparison for all others.. . So, actually, Porche cars are valued at the market prices, depending upon the need for genuine quality, and the availability of money to acquire that quality.. . If you think Porche cars expensive, then you don't appreciate value, and should buy the Chevrolet or Ford grocery-mobile.. But, drive ONLY at speeds under a hundred Kmh.. . I keep several, in the same large garage with the Bently, the minis, and the Lamborghini.they're fancy sports cars.They charge what the traffic will bear; there are people dumb enough to pay that much for a status symbol.
It's just one more reason for Uncle Sam to get his money.. More American's are buying and want newer vehicles, not older.The intention is to tax on the value of the car.  Because newer cars are generally more valuable than older cars, newer cars get taxed more.  The idea is that people who own more valuable cars are more likely to be able to afford to pay more in taxes.    this may be annoying, but the truth is, it costs a lot of money to build and maintain highways, and if everybody paid only the amount that a low income person  can afford, there wouldn't be enough money to do the job.  And if you made the tax high enough to cover all the highway expenses, but taxed every car equally, then low income people would not be able to own a car, so they wouldn't be able to get to work, so they would be even poorer.The value of a 99 vehicle is more than the value of an 87 vehicle, so obviously the taxes would be more.  As far as not going down, what state are you in that doesn't reduce registration fees every so often?  In Oklahoma for example, I paid $386.50 when I first registered a vehicle, currently it's $32.50.At least in MO, when tagging a vehicle it is by weight of the vehicle.  If you have a truck, find out if it is 600 or 1200, my chevy silverado is rated at 1200 for towing.  . . Also here in MO, you pay for the property in taxes.... The older the vehicle the lower the taxes.
Just do what they tell you do. It's stupid i know , But do it , get it over with , an you wont have to deal again !!do whatever it says to do in the book then you can drive with your bad habbitsnext time you go in there, get a dude instructor. wear skimpy clothes and make sure to distract him on your inability to drive by acting like a ditzy blonde. go to as many dmvs as you can until you find the pathetic balding minimum wage earning divorced chidsupport paying bastard and work your goods... or go to mexico and get it there.
needs freon , usually freon lasts years in cars but warm climates take there toll on ac units and batteries. Tell the repair shop to check system for leaks. good luckYour air-conditioning system uses freon (or a newer derivative) as a cooling agent.  If the system develops a leak, the freon will leak out and the system can no longer cool your air.. . Take it to a reputable mechanic and have them check it out.probably needs freon - go to an auto shop and they can do this for you.It may be need to charged but it could also have lost the belt. This happened to me once when driving. It still blows but not cold.. Take it in to have it checked either way.maybe you need some of that fluid stuff....could be lots of stuff.... but if you get off cheap, it needs to be recharged.. . Freon is no longer used.... there is new stuff that replaced it.you need freon o maybe the a/c system is brokenYou might need some free on.It needs to be recharged.For your case, the most likely cause would be the leakage of R12 (freon is not used anymore) at somewhere in your system.  You may go to the garage and have it refilled and/or have the whole system rechecked (dryer, compressor, radiator, coolant etc.).  If not, you will then experience similar problem again soon.
Have you given your vehicle a tune up lately? With out having the vehicle to inspect myself, this is all I can advise. Change the spark plugs, plug wires, distributor cap and rotor, fuel filter, and air filter.probably needs a distributor.
i own a repair shop,and they do have a relay for the starter motor but its usually the starter on these,you,ll have to do this one from the bottom of the vehicle,you,ll need to have it on car ramps to gain good access to it,then make sure the battery cable is off of it,and take all the blots out,and also the cable and wires that connect to it,and be care full it may drop out ,sort of like all the sudden,,reverse this to install it,and your done,,good luck with it,i hope this help,s.the starter is located on the drivers side rear of engine, somewhat below the brake master cylinder. its failry easy to remove.
Sounds like water running through the heater core to me (not that I can hear it from here)? You might have some air in the coolant lines. Run the engine with the radiatior cap off for a bit to try to bleed the air out.Oh, that's just your head in the toilet.
It is because we are nice easy sitting targets. And they know we will just keep paying as the alternate choice is crap buses that never turn up on time.We really are sitting ducks, sitting in traffic in congestion any time we drive in any city of decent size. In the country if it isn't a 4X4 running us off the road, it is a lorry (truck) driver who can't get moving. . Meanwhile, we either as was said have to put up with crap busses, or worse, or get taxed to death one way or the other. . If we went back to horses, they would follow us about and put on a tax anytime the horse did a bog on the road! Poor old horses may have to have a sticker on their left ar*se side saying the registration fees had been paid. . For that matter, it is a wonder all of us in the Western World don't have to have a disk on our arses as well. Anything to tax the public.to make money and they kno there nothing you can do about itfor at least a 100 years a lot of inventors have been killed, branded lunatic and their labs ransacked, governments hide new technology from people, people made cars that run on water, by splitting hydrogen and oxygen in their garage, inventor by the name of john kelly demonstrated his flying disk about 200 years ago to department of war, (so did nikolla tesla) now homeland security, big corporations buy patents of these inventors and "shelve" it, our own president is heavily into oil shares (along with bin laden) do you think he will allow for a change?!?!?Soft target.. . Simple as that, they can increase tax on fuel, increase vehicle duty, increase insurance tax and what choice have we got? Crap public transport or keep using the car.. . As for why our govenment isn't pushing industry - most MP's are involved with industry.... conflict of interests perhaps?
Pry it off with a flathead screwdriverThe instrument panel center finish panel (around the radio) that contains the message center buttons, etc, is just clipped to the dash.  You can get behind it with a screwdriver, wrapped in a cloth or similar and gently pry it loose from the dash and disconnect the electrical connectors.  There are four 7mm bolts that hold the radio in the dash.you have to disconnect it from the battery first the face you should be able to pull it out with your hands if not a flathead screwdriver
To elaborate about the buses, some models of buses are able to be fuelled from both sides.  Older buses such as MCIs MC9 can only be fuelled on the right hand side.  Newer models such as Prevost H345s, MCI 102DL3 and E4500 are able to be fuelled from either side as the diesel tank is located in the middle.In the U.S., there is no standard (unlike some other countries), so each company desides on it's own, sometimes varying by model. Odd, right? When cities buy buses or other large custom vehicles, they specify whether they want them on the right or left. Car companies don't give the public that option.. . It's usually opposite the side where the exhaust pipe runs, but that can vary.. . There was a gov't safety study saying putting it on the right might be safer, but it wasn't mandated.
Some engines are designed for the very low viscosity of synthetic oil. If you must switch back to regular oil, you will have a reduction in fuel economy, and the oil will have to be changed twice as often. I've never heard of a synthetic-only engine...but it wouldn't surprised me if some warranties (on the fancier brands and motors) are voided if you fail to use synthetics. Synthetic oil is better, cleaner and lasts longer...why would you want to use regular oil?You can switch back and forth , or mix them together ( as in 'synthetic blend').  . The idea that you can't switch back comes from the early days of synthetic oil, when it was made for use in aircraft.I suppose there is a small possibility that switching back may do the smallest bit of damage to some various seals within your engine, but the chances of that are remote.  Oil is to the mechanic as film tothe photographer - all about personal preference mostly... Synthetic has its advantages, lubricates slightly better, lasts longer, does not get as thick in cold, or as thin in extreme hot - but so long as you change your oil frequently (3 months min/5000 k) with non syn you should be fine.As long as you change your oil every 3000 miles, any brand of conventional oil will do.  But if you're one of those careless people who drives their vehicle up to 4000, 5000 , or even 6000 miles or more before changing the oil, then YES, going back to regular oil can harm your engine.Nothing will happen.. . Synthetics run cleaner, flow faster and lubricate better over a wider temperature range.. . Changing back to petroleum based oil will simply revert to the petroleum oil's capabilities.. . I seriously doubt you will experience any difference in performance or throttle response.  You may experience reduced cold-starting capability as petroleum oil, even multi-vis, is thicker in cold weather than synthetic.. . There are engines that require synthetic oil because the oil shares cooling duties.  I've never heard of a car requiring synthetic, but the SACS Suzuki motorcycle engine requires synthetic, and the Triumph does also.  Sorry I don't know which model Triumph, swiss cheese memory at work.. . I have CRS, (Can't Remember Shiit)The only person who is going to notice the switch is the guy who's been selling you the more expensive synthetic oil.
If u wan't to go for a petrol vehicle, go for maruti or hyundai vehicles instead of Tata. Every company is speciallised for its own kind. I mean tata have perfection in making diesel engines, while maruti & hyundai are experts for petrol engines.If u want to drive diesel car u should drive a TATA INDICA.. And i think diesel car is excellent.. I have experience.
There were two systems on most Ford radios. One was to hold in the memory button (with the radio off) and then press the "H" and "M" buttons to set the time. The other ones, you had to put a tape in and then set the time.Loosen the distributor and turn it very slightly. Of course make sure you have a timing light and know how to use it.
It's not too difficult and it's outlined in the owners manual.  Just make sure you don't touch the glass part of the bulb.depending on your intelligence.MEOW ~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i own a repair shop,and its not hard at all to do,just raise the hood and if you can get to them,you just twist on the socket ,and they,ll come out,don't touch the new ones with your fingers they,ll get your oil from your skin on them,and they will blow,on you,but you just replace them ,and twist them back in place,and that's it,your done,good luck hope this help,s.not veryIts very simple if you read your owners manual.
My guess is the plastic on the inner-fender well is coming in contact with the tire on full compression. I have this happen all the time 'cause I'm running big tires on my truck. If not, it's most likely struts that are old. I think you would know if you were actually scraping.you dont oil ur shocks.now, u may need to get them replaced. and also it sounds to me like your struts or your bushings need to be replaced, take it to a brake shop, they will be able to help u....good luck...Well, to be blunt, it does sound like your scraping over the bump, try going over it at an angle, if no scrape, do that everytime you go over one. Also, you can simply look under the front of the car for damage, also if you had it lowered, that could be an issue, also you may have a loose inner fender, when you go over the bump it maxes out the rebound of the suspention, so you end up hitting stuff up in there, best thing to do is just look around under there, simple as that....Could be the exhaust hitting the speed bump.   May be loose.
4 inch exhaust on a 4 cylinder?!!! What an incredibly pointless way to try and improve performance on a 4 cyl. and it probably did more harm than good if indeed you could even find a 4 inch exhaust system for a 4 banger. Best take it to someone who knows even the tiniest bit about cars if you want to gain any kind of performance.take off 2 wheels and the body.  then call it a motorcycle.  power to weight ratio will increase dramatically.put a V6/V8/V10/V12,with twin turbos,,NOS kit, iridium spark plugs, msd ignition coil with controller, MSD cables, KnN air intake lie allow wheels, thinner soft compund tyres, stifeened shocks, loewered chasis,,headers with pri n sec eshaust syste(mecahchrome),,,,n most important,,,,a filled wallet n filled up gas tank,,,,(more power less mileage more $ to fill gas). . havfun. take care. god blessgo to like www.superstreetcom or somthin. I suggest u can get like a turbo or somethin.you can start with an intake, throttle body, head work, headers, supercharger, turbo charger, etc. depends on how much cash you have. try NOPI.comTransplat it with an mitsubushi evo 3 or 4 engine!!super charger or turbo charger. thes will increase hp but the turbo will use more gas. you can also buy  performance chips and tuners.You could put a smaller exhaust on for better performance for one thing.  A 4" exhaust on a 4 cyl. will hurt performance. Even on a bigger engine it lets atmospheric pressure into the exhaust system.  I have a V8 and a 3" is pushing it.  A semi or a vehicle with a hell of a turbo might use a 4".  Other things you could try would be forced induction, headers, fuel injectors, bigger cam, new heads with bigger valves, new internally balanced crank with lightweight pistons and rods for more RPMs.  Possibilities are endless assuming you have the money.lol paint flames on it..... (used to think that made them go faster when I was 5 or so)4" exhaust for that motor is pointless.  You dont need that much flow.  4" is even big for turbo.. . Do easy stuff first.  Plug wires, short ram, tubular headers, stuff like that.  It would be a waste to get too serious about that car and go out and get an exhaust manif + turbo.Save your money for college. Smart, rich nerds get way more women than hamburger-eating dudes with a cool car.. Besides.... ...Silly rabbit, 4 cyl toys are 4 kids!Ask any rice-boy.... . Paint it yellow. Adds 10 hp.. . Stickers, lots of stickers from racing parts companies. 10 hp.. . Big wheels with really low profile tires, and slam it. Then add the body kit, you know, ground effects and the big wing on back. Makes it ever so aerodynamic, and it's really cool to see the sparks fly when you bottom out.. . You've already got the fart pipe...10 hp.*Vroom* *Vroom* Baby.Drop a V6 with a Twin Turbo in that B*tch!!!! Tha'll make it Hela fast!!!!!!i build performance cars for a living first of all get rid of the 4" exhaust not enough back pressure and u loose low end torque and for a four cyclinder horsepower is easy to make its torque thats hard that is why they are not fast. first let me recommend that if u want to go FAST go to ebay type drag car for ur search and watch what comes up it will be nothing but V8 chevy and ford they only true way to go fast. but if ur bent on ur mitsu thats fine but it would help to know ur budget and understand that i can go get a stock 97 or 98 mustang and spend about 1500 bucks and ur car without serious money in it like say around 7 to 8k will never get within 10 car lengths of that mustang. but if u have lets say 1 to 2k to spend here is what u do change ur exhaust to either a 2" or a 2and a half get ur low end grunt back then put a full length tube header on the car. then if budget still allows call up vex and order there fuel injection nitrous kit for 600 shipped install the kit with a 60 shot or 50 shot nothing more or u can damage the car then order up cam gears so u can retard the timing 2 degrees to compensate for the nitrous then do a tune up run a one stage colder spark plug and get a good set of wires and a good coil make sure ur spark is good then change the fuel filter and the car should run a low 15 high 14 on that. but for that mustang i can change gears from stock 3.27 to 4.1 for 200 in parts order a shift kit or short throw shifter for either an automatic or manual tranny doesnt matter for 200 in parts put that same vex kit in it with a 125 shot tune the motor fuel filter spark plugs wires and order a timing adjuster to compensate the nitrous and the car will run on nitto 555r drag radials in the quater 12.8 et's all day long and ull never get near it. OH i know this because i have built the mustang never did touch the exhaust system prolly could have got the car into 12.50 with exhaust maybe.
4 bolts on the floor. 2 front and 2 rear ones. Takes the track out and seat. Then if you want the track off 2 bolts hold each track on.with a sledgehammerUnscrew them, what color is it? Mine is a 1972 orange Super beetle! YAAY VW"S!First you have to push the adjusting lever (in the middle front of the seat, underneath) and hold it. There is a catch that needs to be held open in the middle, a small flathead screwdriver should do the trick. Then just slide the seat all the way forward and the front pegs will slide out  of the tracks. The pull up on the seat while continuing to slide it forward and the back pegs will pop out.. . There should be nothing to unbolt.with the seat adjustment lever pressed down, slide the seat fully foward off it's track.Great help you got above. Anyways for future questions like this check out this website: http://www.thesamba.com. . Now for common stuff like this all ways check your owners manual first, which if you don't have here is a link:. http://www.thesamba.com/vw/archives/manuals/72bug.php. And on page 69 your answer:. http://www.thesamba.com/vw/archives/manuals/72bug/72T1-69.jpg. . And on a side note: Ted Bundy used to love the Beetle for transporting bodies(well dead ones), since the passenger seat was is so easy to remove.. . Update: Seeing as the tracks are welded to the floor and not bolted, unbolting(lack of bolts and all) them probably won't work.
At the detail shops I've watched them use toothpaste to really make the glass sparkle all over the car.Eastwood makes a kit to redo headlightsrubbing compound near the car wax at wal martPurchase a "Flitz" ball from you parts store.($20.00) They recondition like new.Work great on plastic lenses. Have fun day.If your headlamps are plastic, get a plastic polish at a car parts store. Otherwise, it's just better to buy new lights and try to get the GLASS kind that you can clean. . . If your lights are already glass, use diluted dish soap or a glass cleaner like Windex.
Take a bar of soap and rub it onto the V portion of the belt. It will reduce or stop the squealing but not interfere in the friction fit.Once you are sure that the belt tension is set correctly, get some belt dressing and spray it on the side of the belt that contacts the pulley. Do this while the engine is running. The motion of the belt will distribute the belt dressing on all contact surfaces of the belt.put some talcum powder in the wheel grove under the belt and it might cure it for a while or tighten the belt slightlyI had a shitty renault magan. I sold it got a vauxhall....problem solved.It could be as simple as moisture on the belt or pulley(s). another poss. is a worn idler pulley.. . You could try some "belt squeal" available at any parts store.  Spray on belt in short bursts with engine running.go back to the garage there obviously not doing the job right  good luckMy car had a horrible squealing like that, which was being caused by a bad water pump.  You might check into that.  It cost me like $35 for a new one and I replaced it myself.. . ~Kylethe tensioner pully could be junkthe problem may be that on modern car they have a polly v belt that runs all the ancilery pullys, alternator water pump, air con, power steering, and they have loads of groves in the belt and when they are cold they squill for a while till the groves all get a good grip basiclly.. . i hav e fiesta diesel and it has a new belt and tensioner and in the moring it still does it for a few minutes.. . hope this helpsMost likely its an automatic tensioner that is going bad...Not holding tension like it should, or is sticking in places.It most likely just needs to be tightened a little more. Best thing is you can do it yourself for FREEbuy a new belt because the belt is wore or need to tighten itFirst, scratch ther belt dressing, most cars these days it will cause more problems than it will fix. Sounds like either the belt is loose or the tension pully is starting to set up. In either case replace the pully unit, it is cheap and yes the average guy/gal can do this themselves with some basic tools.The alternator needs adjusting. Undo it force it along its bracket with the fan belt still attached and tighten it up again. Need plenty of brute force.Squealing belts are caused mainly by maladjustment either too slack making the belt slip or too tight making the bearing squeal and probably needing greasing. Sometimes the pulleys that the belt rides on could be out of line with each other and will need adjustment to line them up!Could be the tensioner.rip itIt is normally a good practice to replace the spring loaded belt tensioner when replacing the serpentine belt. Also, check to see that no oil or grease has gotten on the pulleys.It either need replacing because of wear or maybe just needs tightening upGo back to the garage that replaced it.  It may just be that it needs retensioning or it may be that the automatic tensioner (if that engine's got one) is on the way out.  Either way, tell them what's happening and get 'em to sort it out.. . Don't just ask them to replace the belt, some dubious garages will do just that and rub their hands as you drive away, thinking "Mug, see you again soon!". . A good garage will look for the cause of the problem, not just fix it for the moment.You have to tighten it. If it's a serpentine belt, replace the tensioner.
The strainer is a screen that is on the bottom of the oil pump pickup. It prevents anything from getting into the oil pump that may cause a problem.  If you have that much sludge in your engine, the oil has not been changed nearly enough. There is a reason that 3 months/ 3000 miles is recommended!No. The oil strainer sits in the bottom of the oil pan. Oil is pulled up through this and then to the oil pump and then to the oil filter. If it's plugged up, no oil will move through the system. If your engine is that bad, get ready for a major brake down.It's similar, but not the same if that makes sense...The oil pump has a pickup tube that's normally pressed into the pump itself.  On the end of this tube is a screen (strainer) that is designed to keep debris from getting into the pump and jamming the gears.  The only ways to clean it is to A) remove the pan & do it by hand or B) have a shop backflush the oil system, which will clean it off, but it will also leave the sludge floating around in the pan unless the system is properly drained afterward.
The chronograph is an instrument for measuring and recording time intervals. These watches measure time intervals, however they are not recording devices.A chronograph is simply a stopwatch.. a pilot might use this to help navigate from point a to point b using "Dead reckoning"............................. its a stop watch pal ........... to take the time in out bound leg or for a procedure turn in a let down .......... VOR or ILS ......... or to arrive at missed approach point if there is no fixed MAP ...............The chronograph was used as a rudimentary instrument to measure a "standard" turn (or fraction of it.) A plane banking "standard" turn will turn a 180 degree in 1 minute.Besides the above uses, it lets the chicks know you are a pilot.....the bigger the watch...........Well it's great for navigation, timing your track over the ground for calculating ground speed. Also for timing of turns. A standard rate turn takes two minutes to complete a full 360 degrees. So if I wanted to turn around & do a full 180, I would turn at a standard rate for 1 minute & when I rolled out of the turn I would have changed direction by a full 180 degrees, & I would have used my chronograph to time the turn.
I hope the cav is not so old that it does'nt use a serpentine belt, it should be a piece o cake with a spring load tensioner.There is usually 1 or 2 bolts that need to be loosened. Once this is done the old belt can be removed or new belt put on. Generally once the belt is put on you will need to put sufficient pressure on the altenator (using a prybar or large screwdriver) at the same time tightening the bolt(s) making sure there is about a 1/2 inch of play is in the belt. Too tight and it could cause abnormal wear or breakage. .     Ofcourse if he has to go behind any belts to change this one. The same applies, there are usually 1 or 2 bolts to loosen then do the reverse to secure.If would REALLY help if we know what year the car was built, and what motor was in there.  . . If it's an early 1980's 4-cylinder ("Iron Duke") then the job is a real nightmare, with a hidden bolt that is difficult to loosen and tighten.
Take off a caliper and check.  Its like... three or so bolts, assuming you dont have drums.Most likely your pads are wearing or worn down or it could be your rotors . It may become very costly if not checked soon .I wondered that too but I found a sure fire way of telling when my brake pads need changing and it works for me all the time. all I do is when the car wont stop anymore and it runs through a intersection without stopping I replace the padsalot of cars have low brake pad indicators fastened right to the pad.  they will make a metal to metal noise when the pad gets down just so far.  a sure way to check is  check the brake fluid level.  If no one has added any brake fluid, and that would be dumb, then when the fluid is low that means you are ready for new pads.  Helpful hint.  Lots cheaper to replace pads than to replace all the other parts that would have to be replaced if you wait too long.
You need a puller.with a puller,Auto zone may loan you oneI don't kno but my friend will his email is streetracer451@yahoo.comto remove the pulley, you need a pulley remover. . you can not remove the spindle/shaft from the pumpYou need a power steering pump pulley remover/installer tool. Without this tool, you won't be able to separate the power steering pump from the aluminum bracket.YOU HAVE TO HAVE A PUMP PULLER
The easiest way to get what you need is a trip to the local library or auto parts store to pick up a Haynes manual for your Trooper, if you purchased one, you would always have information about your vehicle on hand.you need to pull of the heads, get a new top end gasket set, take the heads to a machine shop to get them resurfaced ( No you CANNOT do that part yourself) take off the old gaskets and put the new ones on.  The put the heads back on.  Or take it to a shop.Let the expert do it, not you.  You will end up spend more money by do it yourself.My personal opinion is that you need to let a professional tackle the job. Attempting a major repair like that on a vehicle that old is only asking for trouble. What are you going to do, if you snap or break a bolt (exhaust manifold bolts for example)?
Feather the gas pedal. Or reduce the size of the piping. (less HP, but less emissions)well if you love to listen to the turbo's whine, like a jet engine starting up, you may need to refrain from sticking your foot in it.. . Turbos, ram a lot of additional air down into the intake.. I suggest, finding a way to regulate the gasoline mixture a bit better to  ' lean it out '.. . You already have the air intake increase, you now heed a bit of fuel decrease. . your mechanic ought to be able to help you ballance the system outjust don't kick the turbo in.
Do restrain your child using the propers saftey equipment.. Dont let your child travel on the roof rackAll chilren under 12 yrs of age must now have a booster seat or child seat..  Child seats or booster cushions are now compulsory for under-12s under 135cm (4ft 5in) tall, . Drivers face fines from £30 on-the-spot or up to £500 in court if they do not ensure that the children they are carrying comply with the regulations.http://www.childcarseats.org.uk/law/index.htm
I have never seen it but maybe it was just a mistake. Maybe you should tell them next time you see it.Ive seen that a bunch of times (yep, I'm one of those guys that reads your bumper stickers and plates) I alwaysed  assumed it was because they didn't like the dealer they got it from? yet they needed that in order to make the plate fit! hmmm wish I knew!. I should ask that question on yahoo questions! lol!Lack of brain cells?!Maybe they don't like the dealer, maybe they're just incompitent, and maybe they just want to give bored people in traffic jams something to think about.. . That's my thought anyway.... . PXi think the dealer hires DUMMY ,and they do that just with out thinkingive never heard anyone do that.. . people take them off..http://www.unsolvedmysteries.com/usm447037.html. . don't know.
To get better gas mileage somethings that help are replacing fuel filter every 12,000 miles, nitrogen inflated tires, clean air filter, not using a/c, and not driving like a bad ass.you save like $250 a year on gas or some odd number like that for every 100 pounds less your car weighs....unload all the crap that you dont use out of the trunk.....good tire pressure helps a lot too...ride a bicycleDo you have a bunch of things that attach to the top, or front or anything goofy?  As them extra things will decrease fuel mileage, and like another answer stated.  Lose all the dead weight you don't need in your vehicle.  Hope these help some.I wish I could tell you.  I had a Grand Cherokee and got 14mpg.  And thats on a 6 cylinder!!!  Just try to keep all your filters clean.  I hope someone can help you because it sucks really bad.properly inflated tires and reducing the speed you drive at.I would have to say get a permanent, high-flow K&N air filter.  My parents both own Jeeps and when my dad replaced his with and my moms' I noticed a definate improvement in their gas mileage. About 5 or 6 miles per gallon.give it up or trade it in and buy a Smart Cara k and n air filter will help as well as a tornado intake  or k and n  intake system.they were hard on gas from new so not much can be donethiner tires that can support its weight and run 2wd run extra air in tires and dont run acI'm afraid the liberty wasn't made for efficient fuel consumption...it's a nice ride but I would sell if the mileage is a problem for ya
I have learned that Emmerdale must be a great place to go. You can turn up penniless, jobless and single and within a few weeks you will have a job that pays enough for you to go to the pub every night, somewhere to live and your choice of women. Plus if you are a bit strapped for cash you can guarantee that drinks will be on the house in the Woolpack that night.Try to kill a dissident Russian and no one knows whats wrong with him or who tried to kill him, total mysteryI'll never be as thin as Ally McBeal. But that's ok.NEVER EVER EVER EAT YELLOW .                                 SNOW???not a lot really, the only TV we seem to have on in our house is kids.That some people have great amazing imagination, and others have absolutley none at all...That once I'm transported into TV land I will NEVER need to go to the toilet ever again.. . That no matter how much of a beating I've taken I can still get up and knock out my assailant with a single punch.. . If I was the villain, I would always shoot the good guy at the earliest opportunity, because every time I tie him up somewhere to kill him "later", he escapes and my evil plans are foiled with 1 second left on the timer.. . Once in Soap land I'll never watch TV ever again.Everything I needed to know I learned from " Star Trek ". You should know that from Fry,,,. . P.S. You should ask Matt if you can use a Bender Avatar.If I'm armed with a machine gun. I can shoot a whole batallion of enemy troops and only have to change magazines once!. . Everything turns out rosey in the end if I'm the good guy.....that I was unfortunate not to have a 'sister' like Christina Applegate, like in Married with Children.....
knock on all the dealers doors in your area.  Promote the lo jack credit card to the principals and managers selling for youDo you work for Lojack or a Car Dealership
You failed to given enough information to evaluate the problem.. . Does the engine NOT spin over?  Look in the starting system.. . Does the engine spin over and doesn't start?  Look into the fuel and ignition system.. . Good luck.  Popspossible short in ign systemAn O2 sensor will have no effect on the starting of a GM vehicle.  What might be your problem is a loose battery, a VATS problem (clean the resistor on your key).  Or an starter problem (solenoid not engaging).Check your Distributor cap. If it's cracked..it will sometimes start the engine..n sometimes wont. It'll run perfect n start perfect one hour..then the next..it wont. it happened to me. I took out the distributor cap n noticed a crack doing down the middle..i replaced it and the car started perfect.might be o2 sensor. this was the problem w/ my caprice.
HID - high intensity discharge $900 is the diffrenceHID look like very clear white.  They usually have a hint of blue to the color because of the gas used in the bulb.  but dont be fooled by some sort of color film over the front of the lens.White lights are HID. If its not, the lights have a yellow tinge to it.HID stands for High Intensity Discharge, the best way to tell is since they need so much juice, they will have a control box for them possibly located near the lights, so all you have to do is look for the ballast for them....
It's not true!  All subway systems, everywhere in the world have their yards above ground and the rails in that system connect to regular surface rails ... somewhere in their system.  When a new car is delivered to a subway system, it's delivered in a regular surface train to the system that ordered it, it gets switched on the that system's tracks and can be put into service.GO TO CHINAno - sections of the tube are overground, it isn't completely enclosed in tunnels.they have a work and marshalling yard above ground ,this is were they enter the underground
i dont no we should there awsomeHave you ever been in a French car?  They're awfulthis question was answered a week ago,they cant meet safety and collision standard for northamerica as well as emmisions without a  lot of workFrench cars are worse than Yugo's. That's why.cause the french suckFrench automobiles are not imported for the same reason that most Italian cars are not imported.  There isn't any market for them.Smart Cars are very tiny. But with a little bit of dough anything is possible. Smart cars will be here soon. Watch out Geo Metra..
I think the sheet metal gives them the courage.  I wish that everyone would stay close to the person in front of them and simply not allow any of those jerks to do that.  After a couple of weeks, there would be no problems.How would you feel if you were the one sitting on the exit waiting to merge?  It makes more sense to make some room and let them in with the flow of traffic, then the people behind them on the exit can move up and keep traffic flowing.  See how it works?  If they didn't stick the nose of the car out into traffic, they would still be sitting there, waiting for uncooperative drivers to give them some room.you are absolutely right. it is because there is no personal confrontation involved. you are behind metal and steel in your car. in a line...say..at a grocery store...you would be personally addressed by people if you cut in line.they are just ignorant people who think that what they have to do is more important than what you have to do.  The solution is to not let them in line.I usaualy BlocK them so they cant pass and  then get outof the car and kick their ass all over the freewayPerhaps they are new to the area and doesn't realize which lanes to drive on until they get close to the junction and need to get across? You can't assume they are all jerks. Some are, but some people just honestly forgot to change lanes earlier or just didn't know.There are various ways people reveal their true character. This is just ONE fine example.
Are you talking about cupping?  I've done my time as well and I've never head of cope either.never heard of it and I worked in parts and service for 17 yearsTire cupping is caused by bad suspension components. This can lead to premature failure of the tire and loss of vehicular control.
if you have power brakes maybe your booster is shot, also is there any way your brake linkage could be interfering with the throttle linkage ? good luck.Start with the brake booster look for a vacuum leak.Vacuum leak allows air to get to the manifold and it improves a rich mixture, thus increasing the rpm. Almost scarey isn't it!?Is thiis a standard shift or a"Slip & Slide ?"maybe the transmission is downshifting too quickly or you have a bad torque-converter.does it have power brakes?. if it does the brake booster has a leak, so when the brakes are applied you get a loss of vaccuum and the idle speeds up.
As long as there are no bombs in it you shouldn't complain. But tell me, do you have those malodorous homeless people in Underground too? I certainly understand they have nowhere to go and that they need some warm but their vapors drive me crazy.Because to work perfectly it needs maintenance work to be carried out and to do maintenance work it needs to stop working perfectly while this maintenance work is going on, so it is a vicious circle. Unless, of course, you count maintenance work as part of the term "work perfectly" (as you should really, -sorry!), in which case it means that the Tube always works perfectly, strange as it may sound.
use turpintine first, then get yourself some "low grade cutting compound".. or, you could simply, hire a polishing buff, and cut and polish the car.. TIP: when you have finished, use a silicone polish, (nothing sticks to it).. ex spray painter...good luck.you can try paint thinner. or gas but only put it on small area at a time rub it on with a cloth .and quickly wash it off to keep it from taking the oringanal paint off.that's easy, take a little laquer thinner and lightly rub and it will come right offgo to a autoparts place, they have paint remover, hopefully you had a good wax job on it otherwise you will be in trouble,. . of course if the person who painted it on used a good paint and you had oxidation on the car,  you will still have a penis on it,,That sucks.  Just spray paint in the same color "we all have one."  Also, try to see where the nearest security cams are to see if anyone was running from teh scene. People are on 17 cameras a day without even knowing it.call  the cops
http://moped2.org/messages/msg91.htm. http://moped2.org/aspforum/display_message.asp?mid=12403. . http://www.mopedriders.com/viewtopic.php?t=3536. . i just picked up a moped of the same make and model. apparently the reason for that warning is to prevent people from filling up the tank with white gas. white gas is gasoline without any octane boosting ingredients, usually used for camping fuel, so it will make an engine knock and ping by premature detonation. . tetra-ethyl lead was an octane booster and nothing more. the idea of making an engine last longer by helping lubrication is a myth likely cooked up by the ethyl corperation back in the 20's when they were first trying to push this additive. the puch engines run at a compression ratio of 7.1:1, lead additives or octane boosters are a waste of money. futher, given that its a two stroke engine, you will always have some raw gas coming out the tailpipe; if you add lead additive that too will come out the exhaust pipe.. best regards. fritz>According to the cap-measure (and the shopmanual) the correct gas/oil. >ratio is 1 part of oil for 25 parts of gas (1:25 or 4% . Found this info on the web. It should be correct.Probably 32:1.....that's 32oz of gasoline to 1 oz of oil.  Or 32 ml of petrol to 1ml of oil.  Good luck.
acetone, nail polish remover, paint thinner, gasoline...Goo gone is also just plain old Xylene. You can find it at any hardware or paint store. Wd-40 may work also. Either should not harm the paint. Try a hidden spot on the bike first.spray furniture polish,  spray on leave  5min rub gently with a soft cloth  repeat if you have to,W   hen I removed the factory decals from my gas tank I heated the glue with a hair dryer and rubbed it off with a dry cloth once it was warm . It takes a bit of elbow grease, but no harsh chems on that  paintGoo Gone works good. You can get it at Wal-MartOn this side of the Pond, we have Goof-Off, a handy cleaner for every kind of mishap, the main part of which is Xylene, mentioned above. You are sure to have an equivalent product over there.. I find Goof-Off in drug stores (chemists), auto supply and hardware stores. It won't harm paint, and will even help remove some decals.I don't konw if they have it there but try Goo Gone (it's sold at hardware stores). It's like an oil that smells orangey. If you can't find it then use cooking oil.Try WD40.start with something you know won't harm the paintwork or the plastic - warm water and hand soap.  use a soft cloth which won't scratchZippo lighter fluid works well on car paint to remove sap from trees. This may work on the bike. I would try a little dab somewhere like under the bike to see if it works.I have had a similar experience on my bike..Some stupid kids put tatoo on my newly painted bike...:-(.      but i used a cloth dipped in petrol and wiped it off.It did no harm to the paint.Trust me.
It's not the plastic, it's the mice that are behind your dashboard. The mice are trained to turn on lights and rotate your speedotry to identify the exact locations,and undo the screws about a full turn,this eases the rigidness of the plastic parts,be careful not to undertighten the screws too much or your cars interior will become a hazard.trial and error is the best path to go down,see what fixes or worsens them annoying squeaks.open the windows and let the noise out heheheThere is a product at the parts house that you can spray on windows to stop the squeaking. You can also use it on plastic. I think it's called Window Ease.. Master tech 40 yrs.Give your car a clean with a silicon polish,make sure you spray plenty,will get rid of all the noisesTurn up the stereo.thats due to bad build quality usually found in nasty cheap cars like, ford, vauxhall, honda....... if u buy german cars like bmw, audi, merc.... then this problem is less likely as build quality is exceptional.  rather squeeks then bits falling offf if u buy a peugeot or any french car.. most squeeks occur when u are driving so to find the source is difficult, but to stop the squeek, try wedging something inbetween the two pieces of interior such as tissue
Because of its aluminium construction not advisable a lot of the strength is in the roof.If you still want to do it get it done professionally thats if any one will do it for you.the roof is  very important to safety if the car crashes and rolls. weakening it could be dangerous, get the roof checked out  by professionals to see if a conversion is possible for legal, insurance and MOT.You might wanna take it to a pro! (very very expensive)Some local shops will do it but make sure that they will provide a warranty against leaks. I dunno what all this legality talk is about but what they dont know doesnt matter. But i guess it depends were you are at.go to main dealer and let them do the work ..Best done and best answered by a pro installation outfit.  There are several aftermarket kits to do this, and having it done by a pro will get you a warranty on fit and leaks, motor problems, switch issues, etc.  Do it yourself, and you are by yourself if any issues surface.  It takes less than a day.use asawDon't bother!A solid roof is an inherent safety feature in a modern car. If the car manufacture does not supply a sun roof ,then its probably because of legislation.. All cars today have a type approval ,. Fitting a sun roof could weaken the vehicle to a point that the car wont meet this approval  In other words No MOT.Not recommended, make the most of the air con . retro fit sunroofs are pron to leak. The noise in the car is uncomfortable over 30 mph, a poorly fitted roof will make your worthless if you trade in,  if you really what sunroof part X for another with a sunroof. Less tears and will save money in the long run
dont bother its moistureCombustion engines have two main byproducts. CO2 and water. It's normal.totaly normal.  for every gallon of gas you burn your engine creates a gallon of water that must leave the engine.  Most of the water will evaporate when operating temps are met.  The excess will go out the exhuast.  If you didnt see any water that would be more of a problem to worry about than seeing it.This is normal. Condensation builds up in your exhaust system when it is cold. By starting the engine you are pushing out this moisture and the warmed exhaust system drys out.no , don't seal it up that is so the water that is formed in the exhaust system from short trip driving can leak out and not ruin your muffler so soon.It's normal for some water to drip out of the muffler, usually seen when the engine is cold.  As the engine warms, the condensation will turn to exhaust that escapes from the tailpipe.  My guess right now is that the small hole in the muffler will not hurt anything, however, you may see the hole get bigger over time and the noise increasing.  When the hole is too big, or the noise too loud, you will need to replace the muffler.This is normal...It is call condensation or sweat.....As the engine starts to heat up the exhaust gases heat up the exhaust pipe.....it is like having the heat up to high in your home and windows start to sweat---same principle.....^^^^^. That was funny! :D. . I am guessing you live in a moist area. You have moisture in your gas tank more than likely, you need to try and keep your car gassed up at night to alleviate this. When you leave it mostly empty, moisture will seep in. Nothing bad will happen, but you are robbing yourself of gas mileage and engine efficiency. I think there are additives you can put in your gas tank to help dry it out as gas / water do not mix. Hope that helps!I'd like to put my tongue on your mufflerThe weep hole is put in the muffler by the manufacturer to allow moisture to drain from the system to make it last longer.. . The water you are seeing is a result of the catalytic converter doing its job.  It takes the carbon monoxide, hydrocarbons, NOx and other combustion byproducts and turns it into CO2 and H2O.. . And yes for every gallon of gasoline burned, there is an equal amount of water produced.
That means the wiring for your fans are screwed up you need to get those fixed or quick fix unplug the connectors to the fans before u walk away from your car so your battery doesnt die but remember to plug it back inIt is called a Fan relay switch.  They are bout 7-20 bucks.  Its on the radiator.  You can get at auto zone or orielies.Yes my grandmother had that problem also. They had to rewire it so it would only run when the car was running.. It was in a Ford I think. But any ways it has a temperature gage and when it is hot out side it will kick the fan on. My grandmothers car would not be started for days and the fan would come on.It means that the relay responsible to make the fan off when u switch off the car is out of order and mostly the coil of this relay is burned and the contacts of it stay closed.so u have to change this relay.because something is wrong with the wiring!!!  the fans should turn off right when the ignition is turned off...  you need to get to a mechanic or car dealer!the fans are turned on by thermo switch mostly located either on the radiator or the engine block (depend on the make and model) locate it and replace for new oneIts not that great a deal. there is some short circuiting in your wiring. Its better to go to electrician before your battery goes out.
Nope. Just the sound of the metal contracting as it cools back down. Just differnet materials in the new mufflers, maybe a little thinner material or something. My truck "pings" sometimes after you shut it down if I have been pulling a heavy load.Sound of metal contracting as it cools down.  Had it alot on our Chevy work trucks. maybe the new mufflers heat up more or are closer to the heat shields .Sounds to me that your exhust system is finally breaking in.Unburned fuel in the exhaust usually causes it. Tune up your car, also check with a muffler shop to make sure your exhaust is not blown out. An average muffler goes for $65-125 installed, converters can be installed for as little as $135 . Do not just say ok to a higher price.unburnt gasoline goes through the exhaust pipe and explodes, causing a bangnope, all is normal and will stop in a couple weeks the poping is just the heating and cooling causing the expanding and contracting of the metal parts that touch one another.If it was corrected by the flowmaters don't worry about it.Heat crackle from the exhaust,your new pipes may be thinner or just  not seasoned yet.Heat up cool down, a thousand times,dont worry about it
It makes no difference as to make or model.Most engines only run at 80% efficiency so you have 20% of space in the combustion chamber that has some oxygen in it,it causes the combustion chambers to burn very hot,so we have an EGR valve.. Under light throttle conditions it opens up to introduce inert gases into the combustion chambers this has a cooling affect.The theory behind this is gases called oxides of nitrogen cause smog,by using a EGR valve to put exhaust gases back into the engine to cool the combustion chambers reduces this gas,it neither aides nor impedes combustion.DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES DISCONNECT OR DISABLE THIS DEVICE,your car has a cooling fan to maintain engine coolant tempreature,these engines already run at the highest heat level possible,disconnecting the EGR valve will make it run hotter possibly to the point of overheating.EGR stands  for exhaust gas recirculation and it does just that, any gases that are left in the exhaust are recirulated back up to theintake and then reburnedan EGR valve takes burned exhaust gases and recirculated a small portion of them back into the engine. It gets used when there is light load on the car such as cruising and helps fuel economy. Essentially, the exhaust gas is inert and takes the place of additional air and fuel ingested into the engine, which means less fuel is dispensed and fuel economy is made better. The EGR system is frowned upon in performance applications like hot rods and racing because they want the maximum amount of aur and fuel in the motor, regardless of fuel economySo far both answers are right. The additional purpose of the EGR is to lower combustion temperatures resulting from the lean air fuel mixture and prevent pre-detenation in the combustion chambers. The "pinging" sound that you hear when you run cheap gas is pre-detenation. It is actually caused by the vibration of the cylinder walls of the engine, not a good thing. . Your car has a "Linear Electronic EGR Valve" meaning that it is not vacumm controlled as the older style was. It is controlled by the computer. They are very expensive (about $300) and monitored by the on board diagnostic system and will cause a check engine or service engine soon light to come on. . This is a important component of the engine control system and needs to operate correctly to prevent engine damage, not to mention NOx emissions.EGR The exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) valve uses exhaust to reduce cylinder temperature, which in turn reduces nitrogen emissionsEGR stands for "exhaust gas recirculation" it allows the re burning of exhaust gasses that would otherwise pollute or increase emissionsThe EGR stands for Exhaust Gas Recirculation.  Exhaust gas is routed back into the combustion chamber because the exhausted air is much hotter than the intake air (try touching a muffler sometime).  By sending warmer gas into the combustion chamber, the air/fuel mix does not have to do as much work to heat up, and your engine runs more efficiently.The Exhaust Gas Recirculation Valve is a device that was invented and installed on cars to reduce the exhaust emissions on modern cars. In the past few years they have been replaced on many models by computer controls on the mixture, ignition timing, and valve timing.
Here's an easier way.. Put the key in the ignition.. Turn the key to the on position.(Don't start it). Take it out of "Park" and pull the handle all the way down to "low".. . ADDED: SET YOUR PARKING BRAKE!!!It should iether un screw.are it may have a small screw in the lower part of the shifter knob.on the side or the front of the knob,...there should be a hole...either an allen wrench or a torx bit will fit it.  Most likely an allen wrench.  loosen that screw and remove the knob.
no much but name and items offered.. . example....you might get leather in a honda accord....then get leather in an acura TL....the acura leather is a big better quality of leather.. . but now items like engines, frames, glass, radios, knobs and buttons, turn signals, exhaust, etc.....all same...hondawhich model are you refeering to? usually, the acura will have a different suspension, often better engine performance, the car will also have better insulation to reduce road noise, and other minor items will be of higher quality, it will also have  higher residual value, although it also has a higher purchase value when you first purchase it so there are trade off'sAcura tends to lean more towards luxory, where-as Honda leans more towards affordability. Both are Honda Co. brands, and both are very similer under the hood (depending on which models you're comparing) but Acura tends to be more luxurious.An Acura is a Honda Model. There are more than one Hondo models. Accord is another model.
They have them in TN, too.  It's to make them as visible as possible to assure the safety of the passengers.  The mail carrier vehicles also have them here in TN to help other motorists see that they make frequent stops.Because everyone has their nose stuck in the air.The flashing strobe light does help other vehicles see the school bus in very bad weather. Many years ago while driving through the back roads of Indiana in a terrible snow storm, the flashing strobe light was visible before the headlights could be seenTo be seem more readily.i'm not sure about florida, but missori has a flashing fog light on top.Inclimate weather requires the use of roof strobes. Snow, fog, rain. Stuff like that.
it is the dial or knob that turns from cool to warmer which should be blue to red in color. and has the fan speed for low to high.Basically you set the temperature you want the cabin to be at, and it does the rest.. . In the old days, you'd have to constantly adjust the heat and cooling to maintain a comfortable temp.
You did not say what kind of car.  Some have a modulator valve, that is easy to replace.  You may be low on fluid, or your filter may be dirty.  There is also a cable from the throttle to the tranny, this may need adjustment.  Without a car make there are too many maybe's.maybe it is a standardChecked your transmission fluid level lately? It may be low, which is causing your transmission to slip.hey if i were you check your kick down cable from your transmission to your throttle. if it acts normal when you dont accelerate hard but does when you do then i would check this for sure, happened to me twice, but also if your filter is dirty and needs replaced then the fluid will move slower and will not have the response at higher rpms than at lower, which will cause the tranmission to slip. hope this helps.Its because when you reverse, your car is still moving when you put your car into drive...and vice verca..... . Your cars going to continue doing this...and it will get worse. . You need to get a new car...a 94 or 93 is OLD!i would check the vacuum lines if one is leaking it can prevent shifting out of first on an automatic.Govenor or modulator problem or possibly getting ready to sheep the bed!taurses have to small of a pickup tube in that tranas when we rebuild them there are 7 difrent upgrades we do to them dont get a factory rebuild make sure your trans shop will do the upgrades all thease transes fail just ask any trans shop and serviceing it at this point probally wont help sorryMost people never change fluid and filter. Also all cars need a extra trans cooler added. Heat destroys the fluid and the fluid destroy the clutch packs.
Teflon coating a car would be way too expensive to do, Sir.. . "Scratch Proof" coatings are a myth.. . I'm sorry I've no information on Northern India.. . Have a nice day.I used to be a detailer and have tried everything.  Teflon coatings are not much better than conventional automotive wax. Application of any wax is critical. Of course the vehicle needs to be clean.  ***If possible, go over your vehicle with a "clay bar".  It's a bar of...something...that you rub across your paint with the supplied lubricant spray that removes all the environmental contaminants...mainly iron and carbon.  Your vehicle will feel like glass!  It can be found at any automotive store, even Wal Mart. *** Now, apply the wax in the shade(preferrably in a garage). The coats do not need to be applied heavily, just evenly.  Allow it to dry to a "haze", then remove with a soft towel or the equivalent.  2-3 coats are optimal.  In Indiana, you should rewax your car every 1-2 months during the summer and every 2-3 months in the winter. The best "wax" I have found has to be a product called Liquid Glass.  It can be found in virtually any automotive store.  You MUST follow the directions on the can for it to work properly.  It is very time consuming to apply(several hours to 2 days), but is worth the extra effort.  You can go much longer periods between reapplications(6months to a year I believe).  There is no such thing as "scratch free", but a properly applied wax will make it slightly more difficult to scratch...but not really.  No defense against shopping carts or keys!  Sorry for this drawn out response. I hope this is somewhat helpful
something like the new lexus ls ..it parks it self. make this feature on a cheaper car and you've got itA car made in your country of living
Acetone should do it, you can usually find it in nail polish remover. Its a solvent, so dont get it on ANYTHING plastic because it will melt it, and its probably best to keep it away from your paintwork. That said, its what we used when I worked for a sticker manufacturer - so its probably the most effective method. Failing that, heat it gently with a hairdrier (not sure whats with all the cosmetic products :-) ) and that will melt the glue.There is a product called Goo Gone it works great, you can buy it whereever cleaning products are sold, I strongly recommand itTry imperial cleaner, You can get it at Dillons, or try goof off at ace hardware.Ok,Kiddo,assuming that you are female...Try nail polish remover... Cheap & most gals have it on hand.Does a pretty fair job of re-. moving adhesive residues.
<>Three things come to mind: 1. Alternator:  Get it tested (if it's really bad, your car will stall if you disconnect the battery while the car is running).  2. Bad Battery: It DOES happen!  Take it back where you got it and let them check it.  3.: There really IS a drain somewhere and you haven't found it.  I had a battery going dead, searched and searched, finally, one dark night, noticed that the vanity mirror in the sunshade was lit...the switch had gone bad!  You can use a multimeter to test for drain when the system is (supposedly) shut off.  Set it to Milliamps, disconnect the (+) battery terminal, and put the meter in the circuit.It's the car.  Get a new one!  Anything but Rover.one or both of the power points on he battery are getting damp. you need to get some insulation for them but make sure they are dry when you apply it,Your alternator i not putting enough charge out also with the use and amount your battery is is being used,lights,radio and.  starting up it knocks heck out of the battery and if you travel short.  distances the docent help.But get your alternator checked out................... weak battery ..................... cold weather is hard on battery ................. pal you will have get a new one ..... no way out ....... unless you move to warmer areas ..................Yuu need to have it tested, try National Tyres or Kwikfit.Just because the battery is new doesn't mean it isn't faulty. You could have gotten hold of one that is.. The cold itself will drain a battery.. It could be the alternator, or the voltage regulator or both. (Not sure how they do the voltage regs in the new cars since they do a lot of the 'it's built in to that' situation now).. Could be the belt is loose and not allowing it to charge properly.. It could be that something is draining the system that you can't see like you could if a light was on.. Take it to the shop, tell them what it's doing and have them check it out. They have meters and things that should find the problem fairly quickly and take out most of the guess work.Take the car to a local tyre and battery depot and they probably check both the battery and the alternator plus give you a decent price for a replacement. The are doing it day after dayan easy test to check your alternator. . 1 wait till night time. 2 start car. 3 put on lights. 4 move car to face a wall , making sure your lights are shining on it. 5 sit in drivers seat and rev engine. 6 look at the light bouncing of the wall, if it getts brighter as you rev then you alternator is ok,. if it dosent its knackered. . if it is knackered your local auto spark can recon it for around £45 , or he should trade it against a recon one, if he dosent accept it as a trade in the dont give it to him cos he will recon it and sell it on ,If u replaced ur battery 2 weeks ago its ur alternator, when driving the alternator charges the battery, so if ur new battery is flat its not been charge, a new alternator could cost anyewhere up to 60quit, and then fitting. Please get rid of the rover, walkin will be cheaper in the long run.Take the car to a local tyre and battery depot and they probably check both the battery and the alternator plus give you a decent price for a replacement. The are doing it day after day.Check battery terminals, esp earth they are often corroded.. Try this, get a jumper lead connect one lead only, (do not connect ANY lead to the positive terminal) from the earth. terminal on the battery to a metal  bolt or such on the engine ,like an engine mount, try starting, if it starts easy it has a conductivity fault.i know this may sound funny, but i had the same problem and had to replce the terminals and never bothered me again
the bulbs or the whole light assy.?I have changed both the headlights in my '02 Neon. PTAP is right about the owners manual telling you how to change headlight bulbs. You do have to remove the headlight assemblies. Although it looks easy - only two long bolts per side - I had to squeeze the headlight assembly out between the body and the flexible grille. As was mentioned, make sure you remove the headlight mounting bolts, not turn the headlight adjustment screws.check your owners manual, there should be directions in that on how to change any of the bulbs in your vehicle, and i can't say for sure but most newer cars the headlight is held in by clips or two or three bolts, and you take the assembly out the front and change the bulbs that way, but check your owners manual first! you don't want to change the aiming of your headlightsi think you just change the bulbs.you need to ask question again, and explain exactly what lights or bulbs you want to replace.bulb or whole thing.....the bulb= front open the hood, back in the the trunk
They keep your head off the dash or windshield.  Course, if you don't wear them, it's called natural selection.By preventing your skull from exiting through the windsheild in a collision.. (dumb question)prevent head and spinal injury by limiting movement in an accidentthey really cant unless they protect your head and they don't,but they do hold you in the seat during a bad collision,and this sometimes keeps you from bouncing around ,and hitting things with your head,this is the only way they help save your head from injury,,good,luck,i hope this help,s.Safety belts saved over 12,000 American lives in 2001. However, during this same year, nearly two-thirds (60 percent) of passenger vehicle occupants killed in traffic crashes were unrestrained.. . Research has shown that lap/shoulder belts, when used properly, reduce the risk of fatal injury to front-seat passenger car occupants by 45 percent and the risk of moderate to critical injury by 50 percent. For light truck occupants, safety belts reduce the risk of fatal injury by 60 percent and moderate-to-critical injury by 65 percent.. . Safety belts should always be worn, even when riding in vehicles equipped with air bags. Air bags are designed to work with safety belts, not by themselves. Air bags, by themselves, have a fatality-reducing effectiveness of only 12 percent.. . Safety belt use saves society an estimated $50 billion annually in medical care, lost productivity, and other injury related costs.. . Conversely, safety belt non use results in significant economic costs to society. The needless deaths and injuries from safety belt non use result in an estimated $26 billion in economic costs to society annually.The cost of unbuckled drivers and passengers goes far beyond those killed and the loss to their families. We all pay--in higher taxes and higher health care and insurance costs.. . For more information go to http://www.nhtsa.dot.govIf you do not wear your seatbelt, a serious car crash can cause you to hit and bruise your brain, which affects your nervous system dramatically (a.k.a.concussion). In additon, being thrown forward in a car because of no sealt belt can seriously strain you back which also causes neurological damage.
A headgasket is a gasket between the cylinder head, and the engine block.the head gasket goes between the cylinder head and the engine block.  It allows the head to seal to the engine block so the engine can have compression...also so oil and water only goes where it's supposed to go.  I'm guessing a mechanic told you that your head gasket needs replaced.  depending on the car it's not an unusual occurance...  have the mechanic explain it to youThe head gasket sits between the engine block and cylinder head in an internal combustion engine. Its purpose is to seal the cylinders to ensure maximum compression to burn fuel.hi,,i own a repair shop,and a head gasket is the material that goes between the head ,and the block,on any engine built to keep it from leaking,and to hold the compression in that's pretty much it,,if it blows the car runs badly ,and if its good, it should run alright,if everything else is good on it,,i hope this help,s,,good luck.Its a paper thing that goes between the heads of the car. It is used as a seal between the 2A headgasket is between the block of an engine and the heads. It keeps oil and antifreeze in there proper passages while moving throughout the engine. When a headgasket "BLOWS" it is simply the breakdown of the gasket causeing either oil or antifreeze to cross contaminate.... OR it leaks into the cylinders causing excessive smoke and a really bad smell.
It depends on what Amtrak Train you are taking and what the train offers.  . . If they only have a snack car, then you can grab a bag of chips and a drink.  I would bring something to read or work on or just watch the scenery go by.. . If they have a lounge, then you can watch an entertainment and play a game of cards or just socialize.. . Usually if the train has a lounge car then it will have a diner.  I would recommend picking any item off the menu because the food is good and the price is reasonable.. . So, for the trip I would bring a book, magazine, and some cash and enjoy the ride.It is the most relaxing mode of travel. Period.i dont know i have never been on a train or plane or anything either but i am 2 hour south of chi town on i-55 right along the same tracks as what goes to chicago, so im surprised i have never been on one lmao. . lemme know what its like hahaa.  . . happy traveling and happy easter :DI only traveled via Amtrak once and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  The seats were roomy and comfortable and there was plenty of leg room.  You can get up and walk around also.  The bathroom was a decent size also.  They have a dining car if you want to get a snack.  It was my first time traveling so I asked one of the conductors to make sure I got off at my designated stop.  They came by to ensure I got off at the right stop.  I hate driving long distances and have not flown since the late 80's. I would recommend Amtrak any time.  Enjoy your trip!It's not bad. Take something to read or do or plan to hit the entertainment car where they usually have a movie. They have a snack car, but I usually take my own nibbles and drinks. You get to choose your own seat so pick one that isn't by a door or restroom. Sometimes the temperature fluctuates so take a sweater or jacket. You can always sleep if you want--the seats recline a bit and you can get relatively comfortable. The train stops a lot and people come and go, but it's not a big deal.  Enjoy your trip!A five hour train ride on amtrak should be fun,  long enough to enjoy the ride as well as the scenery. amtrak travel is truly an experience. and if in doubt take a book,    enjoyI have travelled on Amtrak all over the country, and it was great!.    If you'll be on the train at dinnertime, it's well worth the money to eat in the diner. They also have a good club car with drinks and packaged foods. I never failed to meet someone interesting while riding the train, and the coach seats have LOTS of legroom, and I'm 6 feet tall!
Hold the window button like your trying to make it go up with the ignition switch in the on position and slam the door a few times with the button depressed. This sometimes jars a stuck motor and frees it up..  If it goes up then you will still  probably need to replace the window motor..  If you hear the motor working and the window still ain't noving the cables for the window regulator may have come off..  In this case your gonna have to remove the door panel and figure out what has happened. It could be an easy fix or a hard fix depending on what you find when you take the panel off.Sounds that the window regulator Assembly is bad they are expensive i have taken them out and replaced the brushes in the electric motor with some i have found at a Hobie shop for remote controlled cars worked like a new one but you need just a little experience to do this but not  a bad fix for $1.50 worth of Hobie parts verses $400.00 for a new regulator.We are having the same problem with our Honda, but the window won't go down.We are changing the power window control. . As far as what the first person said, thats just dumb! Where do you service vehicles? Hopefully nowhere around my area! I would hope you don't practice that on customers!
There is a filter inside your gas tank that should keep the rocks from entering the fuel line.  If there is no irritating noise from them sloshing around, I'd not worry about it.. . If the rocks are small enough... like REALLY tiny... there is a chance they could foul the filter in your tank... but I'd think this a pretty remote possibility.. . Hope this helps!have the tank drained and professionally cleaned ( at a repair shop or dealership). those rocks will distroy the fuel pump, and/or clog your fuel lines and filter.make the car blow up.Probably the only thing it will bother is your nerves :(Get a bullet on there ass!!And tell them why the hell you messing with my car,or call the copsif they are bigger than a pea, they will make noise when you go around corners with near empty tank.  They take up space that could be filled with gas!  If they are smaller than peas, they may get picked up and plug fuel line (if fuel pump not in  tank), -- If fuelpump is in tank it has a "finger" screen ahead of it, and it can't get the stuff to the pump to begin with. . . Otherwise they shouldn't be a problem, (unless they are several inches deep).... just make a "mental note" to have them taken out if and when the tank is removed from the car for anything, (like fuelpump replacement, - or fuel sending unit replacement)for one it will hold less gas ,two if it is sedimentary it could clog fuel filters ,three it could knock rust loose in tank / refer back to two
Horsepower of the engine.  The 2001 316i has either a 1.9 L putting out 105 hp or a 1.8 L rated at 116 hp.  The 318i is equipped with either a 118 hp 1.9 L engine or a 2.0 L engine rated at 143 hp.316 = 1.6litre (1600cc) Engine. 318 = 1.8litre (1800cc) Engine.... so be a bit sportier, probably better equipped too.
I'd rather help the gene pool by castrating idiots like you.MoveWhat you are seeing is the rubber residue from the tire. You can use a pressure washer to clean the driveway. Depending on what the driveway is made of, be careful that you do not damage the surface with too much pressure. (You can damage asphalt easier than concrete!)use a little muratic acid
Here is the list of used car dealers.They have big marketing networks. You can list you car on there website,. http://carworlddaily.blogspot.com/Work at a Japanese car dealership. They sell themselves (something about the quality)if your selling your car or truck just put a FOR SALE on it and a phone number and when some one calls just tell them what it needs or what you have put in it and how much you want for it
call Revolvstore in AZ They have a large selection of used. 800-288-6586 . and have the color code for themYou can obtain a door panel (which one? right front , rear, etc.) by calling your local Volvo dealer.You will probably have to provide them with you VIN number or vehicle identification number which should be located on your windshield or on your driver door jamb.You can also go to your local "Pick and Pull" to see if they have your model Volvo and pull the door panel from that vehicle, might I add that this would be much cheaper. Unfortunately, if you are asking how to replace a door panel you should make no attempt to do so.Vehicle repairs are for factory trained technicians who have the tools and training to do automotive repairs...You might not have the tools necessary to remove the door panel and could actually break pieces of your door and panel by trying to do so.
Why would you want to?  It is there to keep you from loosing control of your vehicle in braking manuevers.  You could pull the ABS fuse I guess, but the lamp would be on all of the time and it would fail a safety inspection if one is required in your area.Pull any fuse that says ABS, any relay that says ABS, disconnect the plug running to the ABS unit near the brake booster under the hood, yank the annoying ABS light out from behind the instrument panel. Now slam on the brake pedal, lock those tires up, and go skidding out of control.... weeeeeeee.... fun!!!If you mean anti-lock brakes (ABS), there might be a Fuse that you can pull out to disable the system.Only an idiot would do this as it could save your life and make your car un-road worthy. Also if you do and have a prang an insurance company will be able to get out of paying you and who ever is in the wrong it will be you - a defective vehicle
We have one called pump 'n' munch.... Sounds more like a bedroom activity to me!Just their choices.   PopsMust be a small town.  Names I know are:. . Citgo. BP. Speedway. Marathon. UDF. Amaco. Lloyds. . no blank n blanks heremost are mom and pop stores, privately owned, selling namebrand gas Chevron, Citgo,.....providing convenience foods and gas... we have some here in Texas that have also joined with namebrands like Subway, Dominoes Pizza, Krispy Kreme Donuts, McDonalds ,Wendy's
Register with www.irctc.co.in and then have ur credit card.. . To book ur tickets online, there are two ways(both using credit card only). 1) i-ticket  This ticket is dispatched to ur address specified while booking. This ticket can be cancelled in any computerized stations(main advantage if u don't have Internet). . 2) e-ticket This is the one which i prefer..the best.Tickets are not dispacted to ur house.After booking online,u should take a printout of the ticket and carry a identification which should be specified on the ticket and also u should carry the same identification while travelling..Means u should be able to show some identification number(generally voters id card/passport number/driving licence number)while booking,u should mention the id number and carry the same identification.. But remember one thing, In this e-ticket,u can't cancel the tickets anywhere in computerized stations,u should only CANCEL through the internet and that too through ur userid.. . I had travelled atleast 4-5times through e-ticket.THROUGH CREDIT CARD OR SBI CARDthrough credit cardYou can book ur rail ticket online through Credit Card and after successful transaction u can print ticket ur own printer or can get a reference number, onthe time of jurney u can travel with ur ref no.Register at www.irctc.co.in. use the menu to plan your journey and then pay either by VISA or mastercard, or by logging in into HDFC or ICICI netbanking accounts.. Give 48hrs for deliveryVisit Railways website. http://www.indianrail.gov.in. Pay for tickets online through ICICI Online Direct Bank AccountYou can buy online through train company sites, then either collect the ticket from a 'FastTicket' machine by inputing your reference number or the ticket will be posted to you free of chargethru Amtrak with a credit card. go to the station (listing available on line as to which ones you could pick your ticket up at), bring the credit card you used. insert it into the machine and retrieve your paper ticket.you log on to www.irctc.co.in, then you must register with your address, one you make payment through your credit card, the. ticket will reach you within two days by courier.
putting treble up adds the light drum sound of a beat up. if you put it down you will have a flat bass sound. Treble makes the tiss sound in audio. So its makes music quality higerWhen you adjust the treble, midrange, or bass on your stereo you are in effect adjusting which frequencies are being heared. That is the easiest way I can think of to explain it. Since static is high frequency, when you turn the treble up you are increasing the range of high frequencies that are being played. Putting the treble down limits the range that you will hear, but it doesn't affect quality so to speak.Bass is for low frequency sounds and treble is for high frequency sounds. (The Boom boom sounds of drums in concert is given by bass amplifiers and subwoofers) It seems that the speakers of your car are incorrectly connected. I used to have the same problem, I rewired the speakers, and the sound quality dramatically improved. Try consulting a electricianBass is for low tones, And treble is to adjust high tones. If you have too much Bass and can't hear the highs....Turn the bass knob down some and the treble up.
If it is equipped with the 3.3L V6, consider it normal. The valve lifters on those particular engines have the tendency to bleed dry of all the residual oil when they are left to sit for periods of time. Therefore, after cold soak, they need to prime back up after start up.hmmm...my first guess is it is what is called a lifter. a little flap of steel that goes up and down with the pistons. perhaps the oil pressure needs to build before the lifter gets its juice?thats your valve lifters ticking.what they are doing is looding pressure overnight,and when you first start the car,they have to have time to pump up.no it wont hurt anything,just annnoying till it gets warmed up.your low on oil....lifters are hittinI have a Caravan too, and everyone I know who has one experiences the same ticking noise. My mechanic says it is normal and nothing to worry about.
so they can hear their radiosWhen their plane crashes into a battleship it causes quite a jolt. The pilots head could crash into his dash causing injury.so they wouldent fall off thier bike or skateboard. Maybe they DIDDENT WANT TO GET HIT BY BULLETS FROM ANNTIN AIRCRAFT OR FIGHTERS BEFORE THEY went on with thier drugged-up ritual.Wasn't this asked on... Tuesday?To keep their ears warmTake a look at the WW II photos, they are NOT wearing helmets. These are leather caps to keep the radio earpiece in place so they can communicate to each other to keep in formation and in locating their 'targets'.Great question. Maybe so someone can find the head inside the helmet when recovered. I had someone tell me the reason for seat belts is that they won't have to look for a body throw out of a car after an accident.Think of your own questions this ones old hat,get it hat helmet,Ok but this ones been asked that many times its getting boring.They didn't, i don't think they really used helmets then, they used leather helmets but I think the Japanese were only using heavy cloth, and the kamikaze would drape a long neckercheif around his neck.They still have to get there to do their dutyThey don't actually wear helmets as some films portray.  They wear leather flying hats that, aswell as keeping their little heads warm, contain a radio so they can communicate with their fellow compratriates and also incorporate flying goggles to keep the wind out of their eyes as they make their final farewell dive into oblivion.......... part of uniform ...............To give them something else to fill wit explosives!!!Marty is correct. It's essential for take- off, air-traffic instructions, communication with their flight and squadron, relaying target location to base, internal communication between pilot and navigator and keeping their hair on when they crash-land and blow-up.So they wouldn't get a headache when they slam into a carrier,I also happen to know they have a yearly meeting party for kamikaze pilots but no one shows up.
Push down to go from neutral into 1st. All other gears are up.shift down into first from neutral, then uo into the higher gears and then down for lower gears unitl you reach first when u have to go half a click up for neutralWith your foot. and useing the clutch. Don`t really understand what you are after.1,down & 4 up. =5 speeds. . 1, dn & 5 up = 6 speedsSearch for Question:. How do the gears on motorcycles work?1 down and 5 up
It is common to get nose bleeds at higher altitudes. Most larger aircraft pressurize their cabins. Usually it is pressurized to reproduce what the air pressure is like outside at about 8,000 MSL(or 8,000 feet above sea level).. . So as you ride in an airliner, the air you are breathing is just like you are on top of an 8,000 foot mountain.The cabin air is very dry - practically no humidity.  This could definitely  lead to an increase in nosebleeds.As your altitude increases the air pressure decreases around you and therefore this can cause nose bleeds, dizziness, and even nausea.  Yes, the cabin is pressurized but not as much as it is at sea level.  It's common among many people and is not usually a serious problem.As your altitude increases the air pressure decreases around you and that can cause nose bleeds, , and even nausea. Yea, the cabin is pressurized but not as much as it is at sea level.It is because of high altitude, and the air pressure + the gravity pulling down on yousame reason seats in the upper part of stadiums are called the "nosebleed section"The best answer is that the air at altitude, pressurized or not, is EXTREAMLY dry. Any moisture at high altitude is frozen, and the airplane constantly intakes air and exhausts it from the cabin. It is not a sealed tube like most people think. Air constantly comes in and out of it at a metered rate. . . This is why regardless of how crappy the service is on airplanes, they still serve drinks. You dehydrate simply by just sitting there breathing.
That's not a question. That's a rant.I think it comes down to time and money.  Riding the train usually takes longer and from a cost standpoint is not necessarily any cheaper than flying.  When I'm traveling the Northeast corridor, I'm definitely a fan of Amtrak, but there's no way I'd try to take a train cross country.  If I'm traveling that same route with other people, however, it's a bit more economical to rent a car and drive.well one reason is that it is just too expensive, and after the development of highways and freeways in the late 1960's, the rail transportation industry went down, and most people now days have cars.Traveling by train is UBER expensive.  Compare the cost of a ticket on a train with the cost of a  ticket on any other form of travel, and you'll see a huge disparity.  This is because the NTSB budget has favored roads and airlines, and not rail travel.  If rail-travel got the kind of federal money allocated to airlines and roads, the price would go down, and ridership would go up.Yay!  I love going by train!  I know you're talking about long journeys, but I also commute by train.  There's a group of about 6 of us who all sit together and have a laugh every morning and we always arrive at work relaxed and happy.  How good is that?Because the federal goverment would rather subsidize the airlines ( building and maintain airports)  rather than Amtrak.If you have compared $ to $ and Time to Time. The answer is easy.I think people just don't take time to smell the coffee anymore. Everyone is in a hurry to get somewhere? . I simple think it is because trains are a slow way of travel.Time and money. I live in Chicago, my brother used to live in Roanoke, VA. To fly from Chicago to Roanoke takes about one & one-half hours and costs around $200.00. To go by train takes about 22 hours (if there are no delays) and the nearest train station is about 75 miles from Roanoke. The cost is more than twice that of flying.In the US, we have very limited train options in most parts of the country. Amtrak is very prone to delays, at it only owns a relatively small part of its rail network.. . Passenger rail also does not get the subsidies air and cars get, making it a relatively pricey choice.over 50 years ago, traveling by train was "the thing" to do.  back then, you had many different railroads running passenger trains all over the place, so it was easy to get a train somewhere.  the airplane was improved, and the railroads shut down and merged with each other in the 60's and early 70's, and amtrak became the only major passenger railroad in america.  the airplanes improved, and amtrak got worse.  in europe, the trains improved too, and any train you take out there is electrified and high speed.  in america, the trains became ignored and didn't improve with the airplane.  now, people prefer airplane because it is faster and better.  if, and i emphasize if, america ever reaches europe in railroads, the train will probably start to become more popular.i agree, i love trains, but planes are much more convenient,  i think the main reason is that most everyone has a car nowadays.
Chainsaw.hey that is really bad luck, yes you can open it, not so easy though. if there is a piece if the inner cable you may be able to pull this using a pair of pliers, or next best bet is to return to a dealer who will be able to pop it open for you, hope tomorrow is better for you.
it means someone is ill on the train and it is not safe to move them without medical attention. they will always try to get ill people off the train and onto a platform to keep the train moving but sometimes this is not possible.Because when someone has a heart attack or other life threatening event aboard the train, they like to stop and get them aid even if it inconveniences you.They will have called for medical assistance & will be waiting for medics.If somebody is ill . . .they can't just leave them!. plus it would be impossible to ignore!I would have thought this is obvious. If someone is ill, some kind of emergency service is called, the train stays in the station until they arrive and take the ill passenger off the train. No?Because perhpas the train needs to stop so the person can get help!!!They have to leave the person on the train until the paramedics get to them! Preferably stationary at a platform!maybe they swallowed some of the leaves that always seem to appear on the track...just before your stop....Someone probably pulled the alarm - perhaps outside a station or at a station and they had to get medical help.  That would mean if the tube was stuck at a station nothing behind it could get past - hence the delay.  Annoying - especially in London this morning when all busses, trains and tubes seemed to be buggered up!It means someone has pulled the emergency stop cord, normally because someone has fainted.It is by way of an explanation for the cause of the delay,- if applicable, and is generally appreciated by  the travelling public.  It is sometimes reported that there is ice or leaves on the line to explain the reason for the late arrival.  It has got to be better than no explanation.Probably means that someone has jumped in front of the trainmight not be able to move them. either that or the train has broken down and its their excuse for the delay. suppose its better than when they say someone jumped infront of the train!!Itmeans someone has commited suicide by jumping under a train and the trains are stopped until they have removed the remains and i mean remains of the body.It means another innocent passenger has been shot dead after being mistaken for a terrorist.self explanatory question........  . the crew are waiting for the ambulance, or any medical officer.... if someone is taken ill on the train, the crew are instructed to wait with the person till the medics arrive, and not just dump them off onto the platform....... so it will cause a delay....Are you totally Thick?. If a person is taken ill, the emergency cord is usually pulled. The train then stops in a tunnel....Once the driver has found out what has happened, he has to get permission from the signaller to move the train into a station. While the train is on the move, the signaller then has to contact the emergency services. The train then arrives into the station & then has to wait for the emergency services to arrive. The person who has been taken ill is not allowed to be moved from the train until the doctor has seen them and ascertained what is wrong. if its safe to move the person from the train. then the train can continue its journey. Hence the delay!!!!they have gotten sick
The throttle control does not use an accelerator cable with drive by wire.  Instead of an accelerator cable between the pedal and the throttle body, there is a sensor on the gas pedal that reads how far the pedal is pushed down that then controls an electric motor on the throttle body that opens the throttle.Yungi29 is right.  Even military and probably most commerical aircraft do NOT have mechanical linkage to all the controls.  It is done by computers and electrical wiring that carries the signal to the proper controls.    PopsDrive by wire means that there is no mechanical connection between the gas pedal and the throttle on the engine. it is all electronically controlled via 2 different throttle position sensors. 1 is mounted on the actual throttle on the engine that also has an electronic motor inside. this electronic motor does the actual opening and closing of the throttle plate. the second TPS(throttle position sensor) is actually an Accellerator position sensor (APS) that is mounted to the gas pedal that you push on with your foot. This sensor via the pcm(powertrain module) tells the TPS at the throttle what your foot is doing and in turn opens and closes the throttle accordingly..  So the old days of an actual cable or linkage from your gas pedal to the throttle plate are gone. Nearly every car manufacturer is going this direction. There is less chance of a throttle cable sticking wide open and causing a bad situation then a electronic throttle. . yes When an electronic throttle breaks you loose acceleration, but the same rings true when you break the good old throttle cable..  Hope that answers your question.There's no direct connection, there's a computer betweeh the control and the thing it operates.. . Typically they are talking about the throttle. So in my VW when I stand on the gas pedal I just compress a spring and turn a sensor which then knows how much throttle I want. The engine management computer then looks at the engine speed and load and other parameters and decides how much it should really open the throttle. It's supposed to make the car drive better because the computer can take into account more things than you can, but it can give non-linear response and wierd effects. My 2003 v6 Passat is the worst manual transmission car I have owned, it is far esier to stall than my 1979 Audi was and that with an extra 75 horsepower and twenty years of develoipment. I believe Subaru has now provided a variable response control for their 2.5 turbo engines so that owners can match the performance of the throttle system to what they expect or are comfortable with.. . On the up side, it makes the cruise control work much better than they used to.. . Alll in all, I'm not a fan of DBW.Basically, drive by wire is a computer sensing your input and driving conditions and such, and can compensate, like it can sense when you are trying to rapidly avoid something rather than a normal turn, so each turn of the steering wheel turns the wheels faster.  Normally, steering is directly controlled by hydraulics with the same force applied, no matter what the situation.No mechanical linkage, the entire system is run on electrical impulse.
Just get an FM transmitter that hooks into your device!. just plug in to DEVICE!. then TUNE into station and away you go!buy the adapter for the tape player. its a cassete that has a wire that comes out of it and you can connect it to a mp3 or a cd player.
I heard that putting it in the freezer works, but can't be sure. You'd need to put it in probably for 12-24 hours. You could try the Hanes Manual for it too...They're very detailed...Try here ... http://www.fordmondeo.orgin most fords,  you have to turn the ignition form off to run back and forth about 8 times until the doors lock, leaving the key in the run position,  then press any button on the remote and then turn the key back to off.FORD Mondeo 93> Mondeo 96> (Infrared 2 Button) - Key Remote Programming. . 1. Unlock Vehicle, and turn ignition to position 1.. . 2. Wait until the PATS LED illuminates (app 10 seconds). . 3. Switch Ignition to 0 – within 5 seconds – LED will remain on. . 4. Point the Remote at one of the front Receivers. . 5. Press a button and keep pressed – within 20 seconds of step 3. . 6. When the LED on the Key lights press the other button 3-5 times. . 7. Release both buttons while still aiming at the receiver. . 8. If successful, both LED’s will flash 5 times. . 9. Repeat 5—9 for additional transmitters (within 30 seconds). . 10 .When completed, Turn Ignition to II then 0 to store the KeysAsk the person who you bought it from. . or contact any ford dealerJust been trying to do mine for last 2hours. Tried various forums and other web sites - none were correct. Finally  had success with OKLATOM's suggestion on this site! (See entry above) Cheers.
If you might remove it later, use body clamps. They hold the shell to the truck bed. If you are gonna mount permenant, drill holes and use bolts and lock washers.. Either way use rubber strips/gaskets between body and shell.. You can get rubber strip material at Home Depot or Lowes.Seal kits are avaliable everywhereyou need to get 1 1/2 to 2 in weather strip or foam/rubber gasket to seal the top edge of your truck bed, you can use an adheasive, but the weight of the topper will seal it down. you can get those shell clamps or use c-clamps to tighten and hold down your shell. that seems to be about it and works wellmeasure the base of the shell and then purchase the correct size weather stripping. this should seal it.There is a roll of insulation ( foamrubber) that you need.  One side is sticky like tape and you need to stick this to the topper.  Same as doorway insulation so go to Menards or Home Depot.  Even if you didn't need the insulation it keeps from scratching up your truck box.
It could be a variety of things. It is not normal though I would take it back to the dealer. That is unacceptable from a dealership.You better get back to that dealer and make him fix it. I don't know what they could have done but it ain't right.
taurus is well known for tranny problems,OD gear usually goes out,or shifting servo's,my 93 taurus was both.lots of recalls for other things also check with ford to get them all. mine was in the shop more than it was on the road. tranny rebuild here woulda been 1400. more than the car was worth. so it was junked.Automatic transmissions need input from the engine to work. Long ago this was done through vacuum sensors/hoses and levers. Apart from what yugie29 answered, wiggle the wiring that links the engine (near the carb/injection) and the transmission. It will probably solve the problem temporarily... Fixing the wiring connectors should be cheaper than replacing the sensors.What is the speedometer doing?  Is it jumping around when this is going on?  If it isn't, it may be a Trans Range sensor that is causing your problem instead of the Vehicle Speed Sensor.i own a repair shop,and it can either be a range sensor on it or a shift solenoid causing it to do this ,and if the speedometer is juming around or acting kind of strange on it id check the speed sensor also,,good luck,i hope this help,s.you need a new trany.
to move a car without starting it or if ur driving a manual transmission then its 2 coast without using gasneutral can be used when you lose the brakes and can't slow down you put the vehicle in neutral and let is slow down on its own because you can not accelerate in that gear. When going down a steep hill you can also  switch to neutral and let the car coast down the hill.Actually it is not legal to roll your car while driving in neutral so that is very poor advise (your engine is still running and you do not save gas). Nuetral is used when you are being towed, if you stall your car you can put it in neutral to start it while your still moving.for when the car needs to be towed...Neutral is a position the transmission is in that does NOT allow engine power to be transmitted to the wheels.  Engine is running but wheels do not rotate.  Same as PARK, but without the brakes applied, vehicle will move freely...ie, roll away.. . Neutral is used usually when vehicle is being towed.  . . Now that I have probably confused you, have a good day.neutral disengages the engine & transmision from the wheels, therefore they will spin freely.To move the vehicle without starting it.here in central illinois we use neutral to take power away from the drive wheels in snow or ice to stop safely....if you use a low gear you could possibly go into a spin....also for towingYou use netural to tow your car.  Like when your car dies in the middle of the street, you put it in neutral so it can be pushed easier.. . Your car can roll away if it stays in neutral.It disengages the gear shift from all gears, meaning it cannot move, except to roll downhill if the emergency brake is not on. Neutral is not to be messed with unless you're an experienced driver.Neutral is used when your sitting in your car idling for a while instead of putting it in park keep car in neutral and keep foot on brake when your waiting for some1 or something for a few minutes.Neutral is also used for towing purposes .You can also start your car in neutral.Hope that helps :)
look for obvious fluid leaks, tire wear, lights working (indicating good wiring or not), shudder in the front end while driving may indicate front end wear/damage, look for signs of repainting that may be covering a repair job, etc. and if im not mistaken, CA has some strict emission laws. need to make sure it will pass the vehicle inspectionsIf you are buying a new sedan, airbags are very important, as well as shoulder seat belts on every seat (sometimes the middle back seat does not have a shoulder strap). Furthermore, anti-lock brakes and four-wheel drive play extremely signifant anti-slide roles.the asker said new car. o.k.,. don't know your taste, don't know your budget, but just guessing, i would go for a passat by v.w.. reliable and since most are made here in the u.s. maint. will be. cheaperdriver and passenger air bags side air bags and crumple zones . also child safety any thing if the manufacturer has child safety in mined then your car is going to be well made in safety. KIA or Toyota
i dont know but damn your question got me hotmassisve amounts of blue smoke and oil pouring out of the breather vent,ultimately there is a danger that the piston will "suck" oil up from the sump and start burning that...result you WILL NOT be able to stop the engine from revving itself to destruction. . 16 years in trade seen it on big truck engines scary stuff !It'll pressurize the engine. The PCV valve can't handle that much air flow. You'll start blowing seals and gaskets.the affect....or the cause..... . the effect will be oil coming out of place it shouldnt.... crankshaft seal, dipstick, rockercover....and others....Your real problem will be burning of oil...engine worn out , it will burn oil , run sluggish , smells in cab ,(poor starting although not always) plugs oil up and cause missing, poor petrol milageIt'll empty it of oil and/or blow it all over the place from compression!Your dipstick and oil filler cap will eventually blow off. On over-run (coasting with no throttle) oil will be sucked into the cylinders, burnt, and come out of the exhaust as dense blue smoke.
Buy better gas or retard the timing.Dieseling is usually caused by high amounts of carbon formed in the cylinders, which some fuel additives are supposed to remove. The engine could be running lean or the timing messed up.if it's a Mercruiser, you need to use 93 octane fuel or an octane booster.  it's timing is controlled by an ECM.  if it's fairly old a timing adjustment might do the trick.
accessory belts can be checked, first (when the engine is off) visually inspect the belts that are attached to your alternator, water pump and other things, if it is one belt that is flat with "teeth" on one side it's a serpentine belt if it is less than 1/2 inch wide and tapered through it's depth it's a v belt. v belts should deflect about 3/4 inch when you push on them at the longest part in their travel, any more and they will slip and squeal, also look at the side of the belt , you are looking for cracks, shiny spots (glazing) or fraying, same things on a serpentine belt, if you have had this little car for 4 years and have not replaced the accessory belts , do it before you have to , same for your upper , lower radiator hoses and the heater hoses, 4 to 5 year life span, dont let the dorks on this site get you down, that's a good little car and when gas is $3.00 a gallon who will be laughing then ?check to see if you have a loose belt (not enough tension), if not look at the belts to see if it the surface is cracked, stripped, or glazed. You might need new belts. Hopefully you don't have problems with the bearings on the pulleys.Usually the cause of this is a worn drive belt, but sometimes a pulley (on the belt tensioner, alternator, PS pump, AC compressor if equipped) is worn out which causes the squealling. Take the drive belt off and turn the pulleys by hand and see if any of them make an odd noise.It is your altenator belt, not your timing belt.  The altenator belt needs either to be tightened or replaced and tightened.  When you start your car when it is cold, the altenator is at near full capacity work load and the belt slips and squeals.
It's the symbol for Andalucia.. Natives and visitors to that area of southern Spain display the 'black bull' on the back of there cars to show affiliation with the area, and I agree with them. It a beautiful place.It has indeed something to do with Spain. The bull symbolizes the supression of the Catalans. Originally it was just a symbol for Osborne Sherry, but somehow it developed a deeper meaning. Many cars in Spain have the bull next to their licence plate instead of the country identification sticker (which is obligatory in all of Europe, I guess). . For the Catalans, the bull symbolizes old centralistic Spain. It's a kind of agressive gesture, because the Catalans want autonomy from the rest of Spain.i think it something to do with spainit means that they are "full of bull" lolTHEY LIKE COWSsome guy with a sticker busines thought it was a good idea. Looks like it worked...It means that the person driving behind them is an idiot. See how well it works?They've been to Spain participated in animal cruelty.
This differs from one jurisdiction to another.  Check with your local police - they will know.  The plastic sheet tinting is much cheaper, and they have different darkness levels, depending on which windows you are getting it put on.  Have a shop do it.In general, aftermarket tint is done with the sheets, as they come in various grades, and when done professionally, looks to be a part of the glass, absolutely no bubbles or such, even when placed over defroster lines. . . As many have mentioned, legal limits differ from county to county, state to state. However, in most states, it's illegal to tint the front windshield and the driver/passenger side windows. In Texas you can tint the top six inches of the front windshield. Anything aft of that is fair game.first, need to check on what the laws for tinting are in your neck of the woods. as far as the factory making it darker, they will only add a sheet of tint just like anyone else. the dark window in the back of a minivan or an SUV come from the factory smoked. it is not a film on the glass, the glass itself is darkened, but it is at a preset limit from the manufacturer. any tinting that is done afterwards is by putting a film of tint on the windows. i guess you could spray paint them black, but thats a different story. haha. hope this helpsIt depends on the State, They all have different laws. The southern and western states have laws which lets you have more that 30% tinted. Check with your local Department of Transportation or Secretary of State regarding window tinting. From the Factory, it will be stick on, A professional may do it differently
In a Diesel engine ie.CI engines combustion is caused by compressing the air sucked from the atmosphere beyond the ignition temperature of the fuel.. In case of turbo charged engine ,the air is first compressed there by raising its temperature (subsequently inter/aftercooled) and then sucked into the the combustor.The turbine is driven by the exhaust gas.The turbocharger is working by using the exhast form the exhast manifold to blow the turbine in the exhast housing of turbo, The exhast turbine is joint connecting with the compressor housing, during the exhast turbine spinning that mean the compressor turbine also spinning as well. . The compression housing is connect piping next to the intercooler subject to decrease compressed air heating then next to the intake manifold and the air will run direct to each combussion chamber .   when you floor it, the hi volume exhast will comeout to the exhast housing, hard floor it will be hi spinning, it will be produce more power. .   therefore, the turbocharger is operates like a recycle the waste to be the power. .   the most likely part of turbo is the supercharger.. but the supercharger used the belt with pulley the be the spinning source, the supercharger pulley will connect to main engine pulley with the belt.The exhaust gases coming out of the exhaust manifold go through a fan and that causes the fan to spin at high speed. This fan has a shaft that connects it to the air intake where there is another fan that pushes air into the engine.'turbo' is short for turbocharger, which itself if taken from 'turbine', a device which converts kinetic energy of liquids or gases to rotating kinetic energy. you can find more information at. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TurbochargersA Turbo charged engine has a turbine or type of fan fitted in a housing in which the exhaust gases from the engine pass causing the turbine to spin and this turbine through a drive shaft spins an airfan which gives a larger amount of air to be sucked into an engine. This larger amount of air when mixed with fuel be it petrol or diesl causes a boost in power output for that engine IE my Turbo diesel Ford utility has a 250 cc engine which gives almost as much power as a straight 5 litre petrol enginehi,. . IC engines need - Air & fuel to produce power;. increase the input to get increased output-power. so, more of these "are to be pushed" in the engine for higher power from the engine;. . method - a device "Turbine " is rotated at high speed by using "exhaust gases" which sucks air from atmosphere and pushes in the engine after compression.. . this device is also nick named "TURBO" ; and engine called "turbo engine";. . i hope - i am simple and clear ;. pls confirm;. . many-ques!!!
Toyota Camry or Avalon. Both are amazing, for gas go with Camry Hybrid.ford escape hybrid. it gets anywhere from 30-38 mi/gal.. my sister likes itford fiesta...the new model is awsome...i prefer it black!!!:PHow about the new Jaguar XKR.  It looks like an Aston MartinHow about a chevy,ford,or chrysler product.America needs to support americans.Camry Hybrid for reliabilty and longevity.Be sure and figure insurance, parking maintenance, etc.One you can afford. Everything else is irrelevant.
jt the indicaters could be wired to a back up battery for the alarm system auto electrician will con firm that for you some rangerovers have this featurei think the wire is sot already ha...ha...ha...it is a altomatic safty featureIts an electrical fault. quite common in mx5's. hit your vehicle with a huge sledgehammer thru the windscreen that should sort itIf they stay on until you un-set the alarm then it sounds like either the alarm has been installed incorrectly OR has developed a fault.. . If they stay on just for a certain amount of time, perhaps it is some sort of "feature" to light your way to the door or some such marketing twaddle :)
'bout half a pound----been bad year for hens.. . Take it to a glass shop.Fix it in what way?  Replace the glass, the remote motor, or the henway?
Because there's something else wrong with it.. . Or, you put the thermostat in upside downit might be a faulty thermostatWHY WAS IT CHANGED IN THE FORST PLACE? IF IT WAS TO CURE OVERHEATING IT WAS PROBABLY NOT BAD IN THE FIRST PLACE .CHECK THE ENGINE FAN AND RADIATOR FOR BLOCKAGEBad 'stat, or perhaps installed upside down- it happens!take it to a good shop,could be a number of things,This is really a case for the Psychic mechanic... not enough information to know for sure.   first guess is trapped air in the system, second is improperly installed thermostat (it is directional), third is something is trapped in the system (plastic cap?).. ¿If it was over heating before you replaced the thermostat.?  would be headgasket, waterpump,or catalytic converter, or clogged radiator.. . the Psychic mechanic is going to go out on a limb here and say it is a ford v-6,  the head gasket is blown due in part to a clogged catalytic converter.Check the belt for the water pump and pulley. I had a Contour that started overheating one day as if the belt broke, turned out that the impeller blades inside the water pump corroded away to nothing.If you did it yourself, you could have put it in backwards.  But if your car was overheating which is why you changed it in the first place, then the thermostat wasn't the problem.  Sometimes something as simple as a radiator flush will fix overheating problems.  If you have a 97, you probably need a flush very badly if it never has been done.  . You should flush your radiator every 5 years.  . Other things to check:. Does your fan kick on?. Is your coolant level correct?. Is there a white milky residue in your radiator (fungus)?. Does your radiator cap close properly (the spring in the cap is responsible for regulating the correct pressure). Is your coolant sensor working properly?If the new thermostat is good you probably have an air locked cooling system. Make sure you get all the air out of the systemflush out the cooling system.
I too have a GM product and this is what I have to do.. . Turn key to "On" but NOT starting, press your gas pedal to the floor three times.  This should reset your oil change light.. . If you are talking about your Oil Warning Light, aka "Dummy light" if its on, you are out, or nearly out of oil, so ADD oil!turn the key to the "run" position with the engine shut off.you then have 5 seconds to press and release the gas pedal then turn the key off. this should reset the light.KEY ON ENGINE OFF- PRESS GAS PEDAL TO FLOOR THREE TIMES.Go get the oil changed. It'll cost a bit though, and you need to do it at a reputable place, not someplace in your local towns where they might mess up something knowing you'llprobably return.depends on teh year 2003 or newer tap the trip button until it shows the oil life then hold it in until it sayy 100%.  Older that 2002 then yes use the gas pedal.
I always used sand bags in my trucks. The more weight you add the better, especially in a heavy duty truck that weighs a lot to begin with. Make sure that the weight is forward of the rear axle for best results. Lately I've seen an ad for a product that is basically a large rubber container that you can add water to for putting weight in your truck. Looks interesting.If you add weight your going to burn the engine out quicker and get less milage, besides if it's front wheel drive and you do skid it's just going to fantail more!. . better stick with just getting the biggest traction tires you can!Sand bags are good. Also should carry emergency road gear and a shovel.i found that a layer of railroad ties front to back, side to side works great for a 3/4 ton , you still have spaces in front and behind the wheel wells to put sandbags so if your on a sheet ice parking lot, just sprinkle some in front of your drive wheels to get moving.san bags or maybe big rocks but they wont work too wellget some sandbags and fill them and put them in the bed.Throw some sandbags in the back.1.Lower the tailgate. 2.Put something heavy in the bed. 3.Gain tractionBags of road salt, sand, and/or kitty litter will add weight and can be used later if you or someone else gets stuck. Have a great time snowboarding : ). . Calico.Kittysand bags is the norm...you can make these yourself or buy them.  To make them...go to a tire shop and get a couple of old innertubes...cut them in two and fill them with sand then tie the ends together.   This works great.throw in some boat anchors ( chevy makes em). lolGet some sand bags from an auto supply place.  Put them in the bed right over the axel.a lot of people use sand bags.   if you get a lot of snow you can just let the box fill up with snow too.   anything that adds weight over the back tires can help.
Any car that old the crash statistics would be redundant anyway because they are done on NEW cars with no faults. Watch them anyway they're prone to rust big timeNot very safe, better off with something that has airbags fitteddont buy one..everyone will think she is a chav.  better off with a fiesta or a corsa.don`t know about safety. but they are a favourite. target for joy ridersNot very its a 24 year old design sorry, Get her a Corsa instead newer design so will come with better safety designs ie airbags, seat belt tensioners, crumple zones etc.not very , lots of better choiceswell it may not be trendy but something like an almera (1996) will be much better and probably cost the same or less (around £700 for a reasonable model). Slightly bigger car with better protection. Easy to learn in, very well put together easy to find parts and not so desirable so the insurance is lower because it's less likely to be targeted by car criminals also the nissan anti theft system is pretty secure and I think it's standard on the almera.don't know but hopefully she won't want to crash itThis car would make an unwise choice, as it lacks what is now considered essentials safety kit.. . At the very least, I would expect airbag(s), side impact bars in the doors, anti-lock brakes (to help avoid crash in the first place).. . If you must have a small Vauxhall, get the newest, best specified Corsa you can afford.Not very safe try to spend a little more you cannot put a price on your daughters safety and novas are not safe try a newer car...not very. Try not to nuy vauzhall or fiord they do like to rust.It is a death trap because it will not have an airbag.Not as safe as a Corsa that has an airbag and seatbelt pretensioners. Not much difference in price these days. It will be difficult to find a rust free 1994 Nova too.
you should take it easy for the first 2500 miles and not over rev it or do burn outs or even race it until about this timeSeat the rings properly and change the oil soon.Drive it off the lot just like you plan to drive it everyday after that.Beat the piss out of it here and there so the rings seat properly...then change the oil after 1000 miles.dont rev it too high...i would say half of the redline for at least 500 miles.   also DO NOT put synthetic oil in while breaking it in.  it is important to "wear" while breaking it in.  this will make the rings and cyliners not burn oil later.Drive it normal, Don't rev it , or race every grandma you see.  Take it easy for a bit.Macy5 has the right idea.If you want the car to be "healthy" for a long time, I wouldn't beat on it! You don't need to do anything special to break it in, just drive it in the same manner you would any other car.
Your car is made by Suzuki what's the problem?Honda is the best.But for good mileage and a tiny car go for the Chevy Aveo LT for $14,404/- it has automatic transmission,criuse control,moonroof,15inch alloy wheels.Best looking car in its class. much better than the Fiesta, and has a little more space inside as well. Giugiaro has done a great job.. But the engine feels rough and underpowered, especially the 1.4, and the gearbox shifting is not a patch on the Fiesta. Expect GM spares to be cheaper than Ford (definitely) and Honda. Why do you want a sedan?Aveo has had an okay start with fiesta takin the pole position.. Personally i feel fiesta is a better car than aveo... Only adv aveo has over fiesta is the beige interiors which look good.. but as a car fiesta is slightly better... . General Motors network is not as good as that of honda or ford.. however in coming 2-3 years this will change....................... has to be at par with them .....................Chevrolet Optra is better than the Aveo. Service network of Honda is wider than Chevy and FordJapanese cars are more reliable than American cars.  I would say go for a Toyota or a Honda.  Forget GM and Ford.Chevrolet Aveo is a nice car but i think its over priced. Why dont you look at Fords fiesta or Honda city Vtec?. Service netowrk for Chevrolet is good. Hoda tops among three.. Test drive the car before choosing. Its a must.. . Cheers,. JayChevrolet Aveo 1.4 in India is happy. She remembers you.. She has left Ford/honda... Now she is roaming on roads. Totally unemployed.
Overdrive is off.Over drive Off should have a button on the gear shift to disable overdrive for when you are only going 50 or so to keep from wearing out the gear.means you overdrive is off. probably killing you on gas on the highwayThat's the over-drive indicator.  It's an additional transmission gear 4th shift?  and helps you save fuel while crusing.. . You should have a button in the stick shift somewherw.It means that you don't have your overdrive turned on.  At highway speeds you will be using more gas.i think it's over-drive...i have a toyota camry and that's my best guess :)It means "O"ver-"D"rive is off. Usually newer cars have an automatic overdrive but some older ones there was a button to push to turn it on and off.On my toyota it means the overdrive is off. if you drive in higher speeds it will make the motor run at higher rpm. I leave mine on all the time. It should be a little button near the shifter.OD is overdrive.  Its the top gear for your car.. You want to keep it on unless you are towing something.the over drive is a system in automatic vehicles, which it is usually necessary to activate during the march, above of 40 miles per hour, usually to give more  speed and performance miles per gallon ,to the vehicle the control is at the end of the lever of the speeds. but if that is off does not mean a flaw in the engine or something like that.
The engine might start 'pinging'. Also known as predetonation. Put some regular in the car and when you accelerate moderately if it sounds like marbles rolling in a can then you need the premium. If not then it's OK to use it.The vehicle will run fine on regular, however, regular fuel ignites a little easier than premium.  If you use a lower grade fuel you may cause pre-ignition of the fuel and there may be a little performance loss.  Also, higher grade fuels will burn cleaner thus preventing dirty build up in your fuel system and combustion chamber.Your fuel bill decreasesIf you can afford a Jaguar you can afford the gas ....it says premium...so use premium...duh.........  just an ego trip ......... nothing much happens .......... for normal people ..................You get less fuel mileage and the valves in the engine can start ticking.The octane rating on gasoline shows the detonation ratio, IE the lower the octane the lower the temperature before it detonates.. (detonation is bad except in diesel engine burning is good in gasoline engine) detonation happens when you bring the fuel temperature high enough and compress it.. . Also higher octane fuel burns cleaner, keeping parts of your engine cleaner such as compression chambers valves O2 censors etc.
i hate to tell you this,but you blown a head gasket.what you see is anti-freeze burning.cracked block or cracked head or blown head gasket. Sounds like you have a rod knocking you need to replace motor or just get a new car dont sound like it would be worth rebuilding the engineblown head gasket or block i would quit driving it til you get it fixed or you may have to replace the whole motorYou have a blown head gasket and possibly a cracked head.  Since it is a 93, I would suggest replacing the car.  You can get a different car for what it will cost to fix this old beast.your motor is knocking, gasket could be blownHead gasket!!!. . In other words your motor is GONE!!!Its got to be a blown head gasket, My friend had the same knocking problem, changed the head gasket and the knocking went away. But, you should know, changing the head gasket will take the problem away for a while but you have to fix what caused the head gasket to blow too, make sure you talk to your mechanic about that or he'll end up ripping you off cuz you'll have to fix it again.
Your hands don't have much to do with balance.Balance comes from the positioning of your body on the bike . One can ride w/o hands at all , go straight by posturing straight, turn left by leaning left or turn right by leaning right. Certainly one can remove a hand to signal. I have to do it often, You know the center finger"You're #1 signal".its called rotational inertia if you take the wheel off a bicycle and tie a string to one side of the axle hold both sides of the axle and have some one spin it then have them hold the string straight up and then let go of the axles and what do you know the wheel will spin on the string magic no R. I. yes your bike will stay up as long as the wheels are spinning you might want to stick to a carCan you raise your arm on a bicycle, it's the same thing.  You don't counter-steer, that makes you turn.Hand signals?. . mate the best way to balance is to place your butt firmly on the seat and then suck up your sphincter , this then creates suction and your pukka holds you to the seat. Man you could ride hands free like this for hoursThe rotational momentum of a motorcycle's wheels make it want to stay upright as long as it is under power.  Keep your right hand on the throttle and you can let go with your left hand without making the bike unstable.Newer motorcycles are well balanced.  I can turn on my Cruise Control on my Harley Davidson Ultra Classic and let go of both hands, it goes straight down the road with no problems.You stick opposite leg other way for balance good.Seriously, you countersteer. This means when you turn the handlebar left (slightly) the bike goes right. No, it's not magic, and there are all kinds of studies as to why this happens, but on two-wheeled motorcycles, it works and most riders don't even realize they're doing it. Once you learn to countersteer and use it to your advantage, you can swerve quickly and control the bike much more accurately...K ;o)Since you have to ask that question : PLEASE keep the hands on the bike and signal with the blinkers.
The REAL reson why you will very rarely hear "sonic booms" is because supersonic travel is not permitted over land. Except in emergency situations, you can only break the sound barrier in designated supersonic corridors oversea.. . An object that breaks the sound barrier will produce Mach (shock)waves that, if done over land - can cause structural damage to buildings, shatter windows and glass, and generally annoy people on the ground!My understanding is it's been outlawed for commercial or private planes to travel at that speed. I think it had to do with noise pollution. That of course is here in the United States.Aircraft now days have Turbofan engines and we don't fly fast enough to make a sonic boom. They are and can still happen. Military jets go way past sonic speeds. Military planes have turbojets, which was the first type of a jet engine. Turbojets engines were LOUD and very smoky. They put those in fighter jets. But commercial aircraft don't fly fast enough. Miltary planes make sonic booms all the time.if you're talking about in the '60's & '70's, the "Blackbirds" don't fly anymore.  satellites have made them unnecessary.It's because Guile is like an elderly man now. He can't Sonic Boom anything anymore.We dont hear it because the sonic boom has to be done higher than 40,000 ft or over sea as the boom would deafen people and break windows.We do have sonic booms, but people get mad when you do them over their houses so the government has pretty much put a law stating that it must be out over the water or noncongested areas.It boils down to this , GREENIES, YES LETS SAY IT, Determined that their should be no "sonic Booms" over populated areas, going back to the early '70's. That is why there are no Boeing supersonic jets, etc. POLITICS, that is the Greenpeace movement of the 70's have given you the sub-sonic AC of today.Sonic booms ended when strict noise level standards were enacted over populated areas.  You can still hear them in remote areas of the west and south west where a lot of military flight tests are done.been made illegal by the faa§ 91.817   Civil aircraft sonic boom..  top . (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft in the United States at a true flight Mach number greater than 1 except in compliance with conditions and limitations in an authorization to exceed Mach 1 issued to the operator under appendix B of this part. . . (b) In addition, no person may operate a civil aircraft for which the maximum operating limit speed MM0 exceeds a Mach number of 1, to or from an airport in the United States, unless— . . (1) Information available to the flight crew includes flight limitations that ensure that flights entering or leaving the United States will not cause a sonic boom to reach the surface within the United States; and . . (2) The operator complies with the flight limitations prescribed in paragraph (b)(1) of this section or complies with conditions and limitations in an authorization to exceed Mach 1 issued under appendix B of this part.. . (Approved by the Office of Management and Budget under control number 2120–0005) . § 91.819   Civil supersonic airplanes that do not comply with part 36..  top . (a) Applicability. This section applies to civil supersonic airplanes that have not been shown to comply with the Stage 2 noise limits of part 36 in effect on October 13, 1977, using applicable trade-off provisions, and that are operated in the United States, after July 31, 1978. . . (b) Airport use. Except in an emergency, the following apply to each person who operates a civil supersonic airplane to or from an airport in the United States: . . (1) Regardless of whether a type design change approval is applied for under part 21 of this chapter, no person may land or take off an airplane covered by this section for which the type design is changed, after July 31, 1978, in a manner constituting an “acoustical change” under §21.93 unless the acoustical change requirements of part 36 are complied with. . . (2) No flight may be scheduled, or otherwise planned, for takeoff or landing after 10 p.m. and before 7 a.m. local time. . . § 91.821   Civil supersonic airplanes: Noise limits..  top . Except for Concorde airplanes having flight time before January 1, 1980, no person may operate in the United States, a civil supersonic airplane that does not comply with Stage 2 noise limits of part 36 in effect on October 13, 1977, using applicable trade-off provisions.For the most part, only military aircraft can surpass the speed of sound, and they are not allowed to do it around populated areas. . . It also uses a lot of extra fuel, so afterburner time is limited. Yes, they can refuel in flight, but those are usually coordinated before the airplanes take to the sky.Civilian and commercial aircrafts do not fly at or above the speed of sound.  I've heard some sonic booms during 9/11 when fighter jets flew by.I don't have an answer but just wanted to say that when I was a little girl - back in the 60's - I lived in the country in California and we used to frequently hear sonic booms.  However, not since that time have I heard one.  So, I know what you mean.I assume you are restricting this to aircraft? If you want to hear a sonic boom tomorrow just go along to a rifle range that has target marking pits (the targets are swung down to mark fall of shot) and offer to score targets, you'll hear a sonic boom every time there's a shot.. . Anyway, I can tell you a time and a place to hear a sonic boom and to see the aircraft that caused it. Go to Orlando the next time the space shuttle is landing, it passes right over head and some incredible speed, but if it's a clear day you can hear and feel the boom. I swear I could feel the pressure rise at the leading edge and fall at the trailing edge, in any case there were two distinct bangs. BA-BOOM. . The rest is mostly above. Part of the exclusion of Concorde from the US was the banning of supersonic flight over continents. So, since Concorde needed to be supersonic to cruise economically at 65,000 feet she was excluded from anything but routes over the sea.. . Concorde used reheat to reach supersonic speeds, but after than she throttled back a long way and continued to accelerate and climb up to M2.0 at FL650 on dry power. At high speeds Concorde got much of its power from clever inlet design. This is not a turbofan/turbojet thing either, the F22 uses turbofans and can accelerate through mach 1 and cruise supersonic without the use of afterburner. TSR2, which was cancelled in favor of the F-111 which Britain never bought, was also designed for supersonic cruise using two Olympus engines (Concorde used 4).. . Right now there's a lot of work going on to create a quiet supersonic aircraft, all that energy that goes into a sonic boom is just wasted fuel, so they are trying to engineer out the sonic boom by reducing the shockwave the aircraft generates. But if they are succesful you still won't be hearing any sonic booms, even if they are allowed to fly over land the aircraft will be too quiet and too high to hear. Take a look at the article below. . But then there's these persistant reports of sonic booms over southern California. The government always denies all knowledge, but there's a lot os speculation that the DoD has something fast flying in to the secret bases in Nevada.We do. A lot of modern aircraft in can actually go faster than twice the speed of sound.
A moon roof typically just pops up a few inches. While a sun roof may pop up as well as slide all the way open.a sun roof actually opens up completely to allow the sun to come throught creating a "convertible" feel to your car. A moon roof opens up only upward allowing the car to vent .A sun roof opens and closes completely.  A moon roof is different in that you can control how much it opens and closes, much like the phases of the moon, hence the name.  Some cars have this feature, some don't.Yes, a sun roof  opens completely while a moon roof lifts up but does not open fully.A moon roof opens completely, and a sunroof is a tinted window that stay close so that it doesn't blind you.absolutly nothinga moon roof says in its title moon ,sun roof says sun, do the mathsame thing. different phrasing.A moon roof is made of glass. and is not necessarily removeable.. A sunroof usually slides away so that you can stick your hands out and stuff.
Depends where the head gasket leak is. If the leak is between the water gallery and the cylinder, it won't fix it.   If the leak is between the water gallery and the oil gallery, or the head gasket is visibly losing water externally, then it might fix it.  For how long it stays fixed - not sure.   I once used a liquid sealer to fix a hairline crack in the water jacket of an engine block.  That was 5 years ago and it hasn't leaked since.I have used this "fix in a bottle" solution three times now, each time with good results.. . In the case of two of the cars, I ended up driving thousands of miles before finally getting around to "doing it properly". when the heads were removed, the "gunk" showed no sign of failing. One card was a BMW 525 and was NOT driven gently all the time either.. . The third was my Supra, it was happy running this "gunk" for a short time (nitroused turbo) and again when the gasket was replaced, it showed NO sign of having been about fail.. . Times have moved on and these "fix in a bottle" cures have become better than they used to be, It ight be a good idea to set aside some money for the car just in case, but so long as you do not REALLY rag the engine HARD all the time and/or let it run out of water and overheat, then I would not be in the slightest bit surprised to hear that you went 10,000 miles or more before needing to apply another bottle of gunk. . 300 miles should not worry it in the very slightest.Putting a band-aid on a cut won't make the cut go away, it just stops the bleeding. I would consider the sealer a temporary fix and make arrangements to have the service performed. Any trip is risky in this situation. The funny thing about sealers is that you never know how long they will last. Could be hours, could be months, I've even heard of rare cases lasting years. The problem is that when it goes the problem could be alot worse and leave you stranded with a possibly larger repair bill. Lots of risks involved. You just have to decided if those are risks you can afford to take.as far as I know..... . the car manufacturers forbid to use liquid sealers to fix gaskets... all such sealers have chemicals that damage the metal of head.... . it may work OK on long drives if the car doesn't heat upyou cannot repair a blown cylinder head this way - take it off and carefully sand both surfaces with medium paper and clean properly. if its a six cylinder or a diesel it will need skimming by a proffesional engine reconditioner. dont use gasket glue as this interferes with the gasket bondingHow long is a piece of string?. A leaking head gasket will lead to the water pouring out of your exhaust pipe while you are pouring it into the front on the nearest garage forecourt.. No joke for you but it will raise a smile which is rare these days.. . Buy a manual and do it yourself for a tenner and tighten the nuts in the right sequence and torque, which was probably the cause of it in the first place.. You don't need to repair or adjust anything.It's not very reliable at all. My mate bought a car that had it's head gasket done with the liqiud solution and it went afer less than a week of driving. Anyway, who told you the engine needed to be taken out to replace the head gasket? That is false as you can do it very easily with the engine in place. How do you think they did it in the first place??I wouldn't expect it to last very long.. I would expect it to get eaten away bit by bit until it blows again.. I guess the engine needs stripping so that it can be machined, but is it the cylinder head that is damaged or the cylinder block. They must have taken the head off to put in the sealer, so I guess it must be the block..  If its only the head, it shouldn't be too much of a job.I once had problems with a peugeot 405 deisel head gasket. The head was ever so slightly warped and I couldent afford to get the job done properly. I used some liquid sealer which worked for about a year. I cant remember the brand of the product I used but basically I flushed the coolant replaced with new coolant and added this solution and ran the engine to operating temperature. It was only temporary and failed after about a year.. . In short your solution is only temporary but it will give enough time to save up to do the job properly or if your really cant afford it then buy a Haynes manual and do the job yourself. If you do this though I would reccomend starting with some more simple jobs before hand as removing a cylinder head is quite tricky and labour intensive. First time it took me weeks to do it, now I can do the job in less than a weekend!!Depending on where the damage occurs makes a differance.  If you had oil leaking into the coolant system that will fix it for about 12months, if it was between pots (would mean misfiring when faulty) about 3 months.  If you used a good one like Block seal it can be almost as good as a new head though.  Best trick is as long as your car has decent waterways in the head just leave the stuff in there.  It takes about 10 years before the chemical reaction causes it to seal in water, and even longer in oil.  And this way if te repair becomes dis-lodged which can happen it will just re-seal itself.Although the manuals will tell you to fit a dry gasket if you have any doubts coat both sides of the gasket with 'Osotite' - Halfords again - just before you fit it. That makes a really good seal even if the head is slightly warped.. RoySIf it is not leaking compression,it will work. you can have a leak like oil to water and it will work.
Some people swear by those ozone generating / ionization devices. I bought a used car that has been smoked in and had one of these used on it. The car smells fine 95% of the time, unless a smoker gets in it or if I park in the summer sun for too long, then it seems to awaken a beast for a few days. I intend to sell it and not buy another vehicle that's been smoked in ever again.febreeze, trust meyou may never get it out stop buy a detail shop they may have some insightall those chemical sprays really just cover it up, they don't remove odours. . . try putting one of those de-ionizer machines in there and letting it run for a while...they use them in hotel rooms to get rid of the smoke smell. just make sure you're not around as it's not healthy when the machine is running. i think they sell things like that at places like sharper image, radio shack etc. . also, make sure you vacum all the fabrics in the car thoroughly several times, including the seats. if you have leather seats, try Leather In A Bottle conditioner by Zaino - it smells amazing.Tell him there is free pizza at Dominos and he will probably climb out on his own.charcoal helps. it absorbs the smell. after a week, the smell will be gone.  don't use air fresheners. it just masks the smell or makes it worse.having the interior steam/carbonically cleaned (as long as it's not leather) helps a lot. So does dumping baking soda all over everything and vacuuming it, but that is apt to leave an alkaline residue that is bad for the upholstery and will make dark spots when it gets wet.. . So will steam cleaning, for that matter, unless you/they go back over everything with plain water after using the cleaning agent, so pay up for that if you have to.yes take some fabulosa and water mix toghether in a bucket. and wash all of your floor mats,and place the floor mats back in the car,and get some black ice air freshner,all the items can. be bought at wa-martmake sure that nobody smokes in the car, eventually it will go away, but you can't get rid of the smell immediately (not for cheap anyways)the smoke is on everything... even in sponge that the seats are made of. Ur best bet is to not let smoke in Ur car and cover it up until it clears. oh and don't forget the headliner. it collects the smoke and keeps it locked in its own material this was the problem in my car, hopefully u wont have to replace it
i own a repair shop,and its been that way for ever on cars, the makers of the cars have always done this ,on any car the horn has a fuse for it ,and they don't consider it a thing that would be dangerous to have constant power on ,if the other stuff was like this it would more than likely run a lot of batteries down,but that horn doesn't take any power unless its activated ,as for the reason for this ,,who knows,they all make them this way,maybe they think we need to blow the horn ,even if the car wont run,its a s good of a reason as any,good luck i hope this help,s.You can't wear down your battery by accidentally leaving the horn on.To save your battery..Your lights should work without the ignition switch though.  As far as your wipers, unless you are driving, you don't need those to be on.. stereo could accidentally be left on, and kill your battery in a hurry.  Lights and horn can be on, as a safety feature.  If your car dies, you can still signal for help with the lights and the horn.Because a cars horn always needs to be operable - if a car won't start or is invisibly hidden in a ditch, you can signal for help with the horn.It's so you can blow it in case of an emergency, being mugged, heart attack, etcThe lamps can usually be turned on as well. Safety feature.The reason that is the way it is is because the components in your car, wipers, stereo ect. have nothing but the ignition switch to keep them from being hard wired into your battery. Were as your horn runs off a couple flat metal rods that when touched to the plate in the back of your steering wheel create a complete circut that causes your horn to sound.
If its at the end of your speedometer its probly the governing light. When you reached the (governed) top speed of your car and youve hit the red line that light will come on letting you know that youve reached the limit. I dunno about BMW but thats what theyre normally for so i assume thats it.kinda hard to say. can you describe what it says or what the pic of it looks like? you should be able to look real close or shine a flashlight on it to see the outline of it
because the oil drain plugs have wear and tear and some mechanic might ruin it by taking it off, and they just want preventive maintenanceJust a guess , but maybe so you will have to take it to the dealer for the frist service.they don't have temp oil drain plugs. The use a 17 mm headed bolt and crush washer
on-board engine computers, analog and digital clocks, radio memory, faulty/corroded connections on the battery, and any lights left on no matter how small. and just overall time  that the battery has been left without a charging source. just because you don't see a digital display lit up doesn't mean it isn't using power for memory settings.I used to have a car that didn't have a very good connection between the battery and the alternator.  When the connection went out, the car would run off the battery, but the alternator wouldn't recharge it.  This could be your problem.. . Also, sometimes batteries just don't work as well when they get old.Batteries work on energy released by ions in the solution betwen plates in the battery. Those ions create a chemical gradient (reaction) and will continue until the cells inside the battery no longer can provide juice (chemical energy) to supply power to your car's electrical needs.You need good tight battery connections with no corrusion - both ends of both battery cables - ground and starter. Your alternator needs to keep feeding the battery. There is an easy way to check if an alternator is working properly. With the car running and the hood up, place the end of a screwdriver at the middle of the alternator pulley. Place it at a 90 degree angle. Lay it flat on the center of the pulley. A good alternator will suck the screwdriver against the pulley. It doesn't suck real hard, but there is enough magnetism/ electricity to hold it there. With a bad alternator, the screwdriver will bounce around slightly on the center of the pulley. It's not a real big difference, but you should be able to tell after a couple of tries.what they all said is true but, all these items are not run by the battery its self... the alternator produces the amperage to run them. the battery is mostly used on intial start up, if you over crank your car starter the battery will drain prematurely. a main reason why the battery drains is that the batter produces hydrogen so in time the acid will not activate and the gas will take over the battery causing your battery to run out. i would check your battery for the replacment warrenty or if it's new how long it is so you can take it in.Not much info. here like what exactly is happening ?? If your battery is going dead like after a few hours or overnight and you know your alternator is working correctly. Try chatging the battery by running the engine and when it is charged disconnect either battery terninal and let it sit for several hours then reconnect and if it has discharged you have a bad battery. Replace it.SHORTS. NOT THE KIND YOU WEAR, BUT THE WIRES ARE SHORTING OUT SOMEWHERE.could be a lot of things maybe alternator or a wire shorting out when the car is running unhook the positive battery cable from the battery if the car quits it is most likely your alternatorseveral things.. A short circuit. A faulty fuse. obviously leaving your lights on. over jump starting a battery, they can only be charged so many times.battery drainage is caused by anything electical that is on, computers, radios, clocks, radar detectors, lights, etc... . i dont know if you were simply askinga question or you have a problem but heres a little more info. use a meter and check the battery voltage witht the car off, you should get 12.0-12.6v now turn the car on, if the voltage drops below 10.0 while cranking the battery may need replacement. after the car starts up you should get 13.0-14.5v if so you have a good alternator. slight variences are ok.another possibility is an under hood,trunk or glove box light that are not shutting off when the hood,deck lid,or glove box door are closed.  . could be that one of those switches have gone bad,or need adjusting
Great for a first car! Must be nice!!!! Its good in all weather and safe!Its a really nice car but not for a first car, all i'd say is be EXTRA careful but if your parents are paying for it...ITS NOT YOUR MONEY so id get the car.. .                      happy drivingI wish my parents would buy me one. Maybe yours could. My first car had holes rusted in the floor.That's awesome!!! You will love it. . Airbag save life, Quattro save airbag.. Quattro: When in doubt, gas it.It's okay for a first car.   You don't want anything slow.
Pretty much screwed up that transmission.  Must've lost the overdrive on it, and hence, like you stated could only drive in L gear.  Time for a rebuild, or replacement, tranny.  Good luck.you need a new transmission.Sounds like the transmission.Sounds like your transmission to me. If it was the timing belt the vehicle would not restart.. . You say you could only rev the engine up I assume you had it in drive and it didn't do anything. That tells me that the clutch pack was slipping. In L gear when you were doing 20mph was that 20 mph no matter how far you pushed the gas pedal?
turn the crank up on top dead center(0) and then turn the cam until you see the timing mark,it should have a guage hole(put something like a drill bit into the guage hole)to keep the cam from turning,then put the belt on and remove the bit.oh i forgot to tell you,you got to loosen the tensioner first.when you get the belt on,adjust the belt so you can twist the belt half way,then tighten the tensioner.   hope this helps you.Go to an auto parts store and buy a Chilton manual for your car.. . There's 2 ways that are usually used on timing marks. They either touch or are both at 12 O'clock.. . I searched for you but didn't find any info so the Chilton is the way to go. Since your doing your own repairs you'll need it again eventually so spend the $15 it's a good investment.
Nope, you need that slack to make it work right. Several reasons for this. First is that the chain will expand and contract as it warms or cools and if you had it "tight" then it would get too tight when cold, or still loosen up when warm.  Second is vibration as if the chain is very tight the one side that has the "pull" on it would cause the other side to  vibrate at a high velocity due to it's being in a bind, but not carrying the load either.  That slack in the chain lets the "slack" side basicall flow along with no real vibration, but some bounce.  That is where the chain guides come in on some bikes.  Third is that the swing arm often changes the tension angle on the chain and if you had it properly adjusted and then "sat on the bike" it would either get tighter, or looser depending on the design.  This allows the engineers to put the drive assemblies and control arm where they need to for handling and clearance, etc. and still drive the rear wheel easily.  That slack should be set according to the specs for your bike within a reasonable amount.  Also the chain needs to stay lubed and when it is off the bike and in your hands you should be able to bend it easily without any hard spots or kinks.  If it has any of those then the bushings in those links are worn and the chain is junk and needs replacement.His chain was obviously too loose.There should be 1/2" of play when it is adjusted properly.This slack keeps the bearings,chain,sprockets, and other related parts from wearing out too soon.The chain has to have at least one inch of play in it or it will stretch or break and also wear out the sprockets and chain sooner.  The bike you saw had too much play and needed to be tightened more or replaced if stretched.there needs to be some slack in the chain in order to not put too much tension on the sprockets and associated bearings and other parts.  Although you discribe 4" of play I'd say that's too much but it does need some slack....just like an alternator belt or water pump belt needs some slack in them in order not to put too much tension on the bearings causing premature wearing.Four inches of slack is way way to much, one inch at mid chain is lots. To tight is no good either, the sprockets will wear real fast and so will the chain rollers and links. Obviously this dude doesn,t believe in maintenance.Yeah, then it would wear out in about a week.First, as a chain wears, there's one certain spot (as the sprocket turns) where it is tightest.. When the swing arm is level to the point where the rear axle is level with the transmission sprocket, that will be the longest (tightest) spot of suspension travel.so the chain doesnt bind, pop, and break. it also needs that much "slop" to compensate for suspension travel.
You don't actually remove it, its programmed into your computer. Its there so you don't blow your engine. You'll need a programmer to disable it, or take it to a tuning shop.Yours cuts out at 108. I have a 1994 merc cougar with a 4.6L SOHC V8, and it cuts out at 97 mph. Do you think that's fair? To answer your ?, The governer can not be removed in any vehicle. You have to Buy a programmer and then change the settings. CAUTION. If you decide to go the distance, make sure you keep some kind of rev limiter on so that you don't destroy your tranny. I think the engine could take one hell of a beating though, so I wouldn't worry about that. The cost of these programmers aren't cheap. Around $400-$800. The product names are Hypertech, Hyperpac, Superchip etc...With a Super Chips Supertuner. It's pricey at about $400.00. But, you'll need this device to reprogram the PCM parameter. Don 't bother going to the dealer to attempt to have this done. They do not have that level of access with their diagnostic scan tool.it is programed by the factory so you cant out run the police.. some after market chips may bypass this or up it some,and you would be suprised by what the computer remembersI think it is built into the computer.. and the bad news is that it records and remembers every time you go over 100 so the dealer will know if you try to claim anything on service .. they can claim you abused it.. I would think one of the new Mustang 4.6-3 valve 300 hp engines could do 140+ without a governor.The car my not be safe
GM has been the largest car maker in the world for 70 or more years now and used to be able to sell anything no matter what it was.  Old saying used to be "How goes GM is how goes the U.S."  This was very true as when GM was doing good so was the rest of the country.  I think that the biggest problem now though is twofold.  First is that they have been using cheap parts and fittings to save cost because like Ford they are saddled with massive debt related to medical and retirement benefits that the foreign automakers don't have.  This adds around 1500 bucks to each of their cars in production costs.  Second is that now that they have realized that they are beating a dead horse with this tactic of building junk and hoping for the best, they are still tied up in massive inventory of crap parts that they have to use.  The funds are not there to simply ditch the junk and start over as GM and Ford are both just hovering away from Bankrupcy.  THey both seem to be making an effort to improve this, but seems to be going too slow for the buying public.  I know that while I drive Chevrolet vehicles and have been doing so mostly for some years, I would not buy a new one as for the same money would go with Honda, or some other company.  Exception to this is Saturn that seems to be a bit better than most of other GM in this regard.  Others might disagree with me on that though.  Regardless look for Chevy and the rest of GM to continue to have problems as Ford will as well for some time.  Both have also tied up so much investment into the huge SUV and trucks that they are way behind on what the public really needs, which is fuel efficient, dependable, and safe transportation.  The days of simply making a vehicle "Big" to make it safe are long over as the price of fuel doesn't give us that luxiry.  I have a Diesel Chevy truck for hauling and towing, and other stuff, but am using a Mitsubishi for everyday running around as 33 miles per gallon saves a lot of cash.Well,Personally you shoulden't care about what Chevorlet is doing.Its there company,and they can do whatever they damn well please!So if you want a Dodge,Get it!So in my point of view is if your not working for them,You shouldent even worry about what there making!As a Chev guy, i know what you mean the new Challenger is sweet too. If GM continues to ignor ehte buyers they will pay.Its about $$$$ . The auto makers are selling disposable cars . They dont want them to last long so you will buy a new one soon.I agree with you Chevy is junk. I will never buy one.Thats all Chevy has ever made....JUNK!!!!their g.m. they have been making junk for so long they just don't know how to stop, chrysler is even worse.Hey,you forgot ford,and dodge.If you want a Dodge--get it and drive it.  Why complain about what they're doing unless you have some advice to fix it?I think it is true, GM quality is starting to drop.  I have a 2000 Chevy Express 1500 van I bought new and at 42,000 miles, they had to replace the transmission and fix the air conditioning.  Fortunately GM picked up the cost of the transmission, but I had to pay $450 to get the air conditioning fixed.  I really wander if any of the US car makers are making a true quality car anymore.
I have pulled the fuses on several vehicles and I have had no problems with it, just don't sit in front of the airbag when you do, so if it does go off it won't hit you.pull the fuse.....In never heard this happening to anyone before, i'm glad it was the passenger side airbag and that your ok.. Hey you would just unplug the battery and if it has ABS which i am sure of just unplug the battery and pump the brake pedal from awhile to drain the electricity it has left. Or put the two battery post on each other and it will drain the electricty also. so then you will be sure it won't pop when you unplug it. And remember to pull the fuse out after too just to be sure.Buy a Toyota.
The older ones you turn the radio off, then push the seek or scan buttons. One for hours one for minutesI think there are 2 tiny buttons under the volume or tuning knob.  The left one is for hrs, the right one for minutes.John S is correct.
do you mean its comming out the exhaust? I hope its not comming out the cylinders. doesnt make sense to meanother idea is to remove spark-plugs and turn engine over several times to remove excess water then add small amount of rubbing alcohol to each cylinder.alcohol will mix with water and allow the water to burn.replace spark-plugs and start engine.cant happen..change head gaskets and girlfriend.water coming out of the cylinders?  . I hope you are mistaken...try lubing the ball shaft while tugging on your piston. This should fix the girlfriend problem.
the exhaust is for the rear heater, and they smoke when the heateris first turned on if it keeps doing it when it is warmed up get fords to look at it cos there is a problem in the heater.All vehicles have these, unless powered by electricity. Could be you are just now noticing due to cold weather. You will also on occasion see a bit of moisture dripping out. Perfectly normal.. --CJ "That Cheeky Lad!"its an additional muffler to silence the "booming" and probable contains fibres in the wall of the box - basicly its leaking and heating up the fibres - you dont need it really and a replacement is costlyexaust pipe... white smoke is water..blue smoke is oil. ..black smoke is running to richI would have thought that it is the exhaust from the engine!  If not you may have a crack or hole in the exhaust system!  It will start to smoke noticably more the engine is run.  Diesel emits black smoke with lots of soot in it because it does not burn well (it actually explodes under incredible perssure!).  It would not explode like petrol if you were to hold a match to it.  Please dont try this though as it is still flammable to an extent.  Turbo charged engines reuse exhaust gasses to drive the turbo at speeds of upto 30,000 rpm.  this will result in a higher amount of 'black smoke' coming from the exhaust.  Changing oil in diesel engines is very important to their running and reliablility.  Despite manufacturers recommendadions, I would do it every 6,000 miles.  Taking the car on a long run will help clear any carbon in the engine, as stop start journeys are not good for them constantly.Perhaps it is some sort of webasto heater. Heats the cabin up when it is cold outside, similar to something a truck has.You most likly have a faulty injector or a head gasket on the way out have it checkedi dont know the exact name of it but it burns diesel when the engines cold and helps warm up the interior quicker.
I had a 1966 Elcamino and had  to bolt a big steel plate in the back of the bed to keep the rear wheels from sliding and spinning.. . Like the first person answered. It's all in weight distribution.The reason for this might be weight distribution.  Car companies design car's weight to be distributed as evenly as possible, and usually they keep in mind the weight of a full tank of gas and base the distribution on that weight, thus giving it better handling with a full tank of gas.fuel pump in the tank. when your tank is full the pump and sending unit are cooled enough to allow proper operating temperature. when you run your tank to almost empty the unit starts to run hot causing what you have said - slow reaction,sluggishness,etc.  try keeping tank at quarter full at all times.Sounds like you might have water or something else in your talk. Remember water is lighter than gasoline, so it is always on TOP of the tank, and you won't notice it until all the gas at the bottom is used.. . Have it checked out, it could indicate a crack in the top of your tank (and water leaking in).because it holds more pressure when its full,and also when you go around curves the gas runs from 1 side to the other.If you are talking about mechanically running better when you have a full tank of gas ,you might want to check you gas cap on some cars if you have a leak at the gas cap it will also send a code to the on board computer.The reason for your car running better only when the tank is full is that the tank has a lot more pressure when full,as it goes down it looses pressure.Depending on where you live, it could be because of the new federally mandated use of E10, or ethanol based fuel. The alcohol can seperate from the gasoline and begin attracting water in as little as a couple of weeks. Some vehicles do not run as well on E10 as they did with the former additive, MTBE. You can use an octane booster to see if it helps.
about the same difference between cow crap and horse crap.Civics do not have v-tec engines. V-Tec engines have variable valve timing, meaning as the rpms go up, the engine changes when the valves open to allow better breathing. This is like a kick in the pants but only works at higher rpms.
Take the bolts loose from the governer and drop the clavical harness, loosen the patella brace and it should drop. Unhook the wires to the sending unit and drag out the tank! Easy as that!that year of tbird..i think requieres to pull the drive shaft out to remove the tank...i can't recall... its been a while...it shouldn't be too hard..
The relay is probably going bad. I work with a guy who has a '95 CIVIC who just had the same problem. Sometimes they worked, sometimes they didn't, and it turned out to be his flasher relay.Your signal switch may be going bad, or the flasher.make sure you change the fuse for the relay also if it has one.
It is not aluminium it is coated with zinc to help stop it from rustingDear Sabrine H you have posted alot of car questions on here tonight, are you at college learning motor mechanics, any way i think you will find it is not aluminium but zinc/galvanised metal to try and stop rust.Are you sure it's aluminum. It might be zinc.so it will not rust in stockTo Stop it rusting too quicklyThe term is "aluminized".  It is done to cut down on rust potential.As others have already pointed out the coating is a zinc oxide paint which is sprayed on during the manufacture of the exhaust.This is primarily to prevent rust during transportation and storage,after the exhaust is fitted if it is a section close to the engine the paint will burn off within minutes of the engine being started,but will last a lot longer on cooler parts of the system.Rust inhibitorIt acts as a sacrificial anode. It is eaten away rather than the steel.. It is the cooler bits of an exhaust system that rust or are eaten away by condensed exhaust gases. The bits that get really hot seem to last and last. Holes come in silencers first.. They used to fit blocks of zinc to ships to give the same effect.. RoySit sheds heat quicker and is rust proofing.
Highway is a main road with or without traffic lights.. Freeway has no traffic lights but it might have limited access points.. Expressway is like highway with higher speed limit.Functionally no real difference.... . Freeways are not used in the east coast because quite a few of them are not free hence expressways and highways and parkways.. . I guess the real difference is that freeways don't have toll boths.A highway has stop lights, . a freeway is faster and no stop lights, the.  expressway is usually a very high speed lane for cars with more than one person, and no trucksSpeedlimit, direction and the way they are named.Freeway has limited access, i.e. on and aff-ramps, with no grade-level intersections.. . Expressway is somewhat like a freeway in that it has on-and off-ramps, but also contains grade-level intersections, usually with 4-way stoplights. Speed-limit is generally a little higher than "normal" streets.. . A highway can encompass both of these, but is technically the most basic, just a stretch of road with a higher speed limit and mostly grade-level intersections where the folks on the highway have right of way and typically won't have to stop. There are few signals, those that exist are usually in towns. A highway can also be any designated route between two or more places.. . . Keep in mind that some of these definitions can vary from state to state.i have the same question and would like to get answerFreeways were so named as to indicate that there was no toll for driving on them.  However, in my State, ALL roadways regardless of name are considered a highway, even residential streets.
i own a repair shop and if I'm not mistaken this one is still under warranty ,and that's covered under the warranty on it,,id take it back to the dealer,and let them repair it,,my neighbor has one ,and they put an alternator on his at 60 thousand ,at no cost to him,,good luck,i hope this help,s.Dont even try it man!!! I just changed one recently in my shop. Over 4 hours labor. You have to remove the whole front end to get it out. Grill, bumper, radiator, its all gotta go. Trust me when I tell you its worth paying to have it done. I dont know that I would do another one and I get PAID to do it...haha. Sorry. Good Luck!!!oops, your car just totaled it's self, sorry. drive it to a bad part of town leave the key in it and walk away. maybe someone will steal it.
First you need to install a turbo there....turbo....well if you already figured out how to install a turbo and intercooler then this should be pretty easy right?...Like someone else stated..You need a turbo on there before putting on a blow off valve..you mean pop off valve ? for turbo boost or supercharger or the one for the A/C high side A/C line its in the back of the A/C compressure not sure what one your talking about ?
Because most are lazy and don't think any thing bad could happen to themI agree.  It is so disturbing to see parents not buckling their kids up!  The other day I saw a woman in a car in the passenger seat holding a newborn, feeding it a bottle.  It was upsetting to say the least.  Buckle those kids up!people do that because they are too lazy to make their kids sit in a car seat. Your right why would anyone risk their child's life but alot of people do. Sad.Oh that's because there are soooooo many people out there who have children and shouldn't! Of course I think parenthood should be a privilege grant to those whom are worthy of it. There should be some kind of test to pass or licensing.They do not start early enough so that he child knows it is expected that they use a seat belt and then it is too much trouble for the parents to force the issue when the child resists.. Also, some parents can not be bothered to take the time to fasten their kids in.. Times have changed and we now know it does save lives to buckle up, so perhaps the fines need to be stiffer for not.People are ignorant.Parents are usually running late for everything, so they omit the booster seat/ seat belts thing, so they can get somewhere in a hurry!  Its too much trouble to put on a seat belt, so they think!  And, will they hurry up their kids funeral, so they can go to the YMCA to swim, or exercise??.   I had a bull-headed friend, who said he wouldn't be caught dead in a car seat belt.  He wasn't!  Another car hit the left front corner of his car, an old Volare, rather rusty, on the left front corner.  His door popped open, he fell out between the cars, and was promptly crushed when the cars swung together!.   Well, he wasn't caught dead in his seat belt, was he? But, if he'd had it on, he might have survived the accident!Unfortunately, there are people out there who just CANNOT or WILL NOT force their little darlings to do ANYTHING the little brat doesn't want to do. It makes the child very UNhappy believe it or not, and makes everyone ELSE around them miserable.. . Children who are allowed to get their way all the time grow up to be very poorly adjusted adults, and MANY of them never grow up at all!People who do that are just plain stupid and don't care about there children.  I don't care how big of a rush someone is in, they should always take the time to make sure their children are safe.  It only takes one time and you can't bring them back.  Believe it or not there are some people who just don't give a damn.What is just amazing to me is when I stop someone for another traffic violation and as I walk up to the car the adults have seatbelts on and their kids dont. Well I guess if they get into a accident then they will live and the children have no chance!!!!!!i have never seen that before.  just britney with her child.My experince with this question is,  The mother is on drugs and disregards the safety of her children,  because of her addiction. only when thier sober do they realize the dangers or after a accident when the child is harm or killed.  meth addiction kills more then the addict.Because they are idiots and should have they're children removed from their custody, made sterile then sent of to an abandoned isle to live the rest of their stupid lives..
Take it to your local oil change place.drain it, clean filter and refill it  :). . but nowdays you take it to a service center and have them flush it and refill it  :)It's dang hard, you have to know for sure what you're doing. Look it up in your car's maintenance manual. And chances are you'll have to buy it because it won't be in your owner's manualThere is two ways, one remove drain plug, drain and refill with proper fluid to the proper level. The other is to remove the transmission oil pan. replace the filter and gasket and refill with the proper fluid and to the correct level. Very messy job.
dude, bottom line is what counts...See if you can give us the breakdown.  $1900 is way too much for tax, title, etc.Base rate doesn't include tax, title and license, which adds to your total cost.. . You should be able to do better than almost 10% interest though, unless you have poor credit.9.25 is high but you have tax title fee and lic plates smog fee and prep fee all are fee due when you buy a car from a dealerif you look at the numbers ,over the three yrs you will have paid 11200 dollars,you should ask them for a breakdown of the extra costs as they may have done work to meet safety and smog regs
1990 Toyota Tercel. She was horrible! Great on gas yes but, it only ran when it wanted too. We let it sit for a few months, I would start it up almost everyday, and one day it wouldn't start. The engine had flooded, the spark plugs had gone bad, the heater crapped out, and it sucked because this is when I needed to start driving it to work! Needless to say, I no longer have the car.A Renault Alliance.  Right after we bought it I was amazed at how quickly it warmed up, even in the middle of winter.  My dad said that 4 cyllinders were like that.  Turned out that it had a cracked head gasket.  Spent a grand fixing it and then got hit broadside going through a green light a couple of months later.  That was one bad luck car.Geo Metro. Underpowered piece of junk. Close second was a 1972 Ford PintoIzuzu amigo.... engine fell out while i was on a bridge1987 Chevy Celebrity. Underpowered, poorly crafted (squeaky and cheap). Drove iit 5000 miles and all the dashboard lights went on after a lurch and thump under the hood. The idler pulley had just self destructed and disconnected the air, alternator, cooling system. They argued about warranty, then a week later, GM posted a recall of a defective weld on the pulley. . . When I sold it at 50,000 miles, the compression waas going and I was never so happy to lose a car.Count your blessings, honey.. I once owned a 1981 Nissan Pulsar. I actually had to pull the wipers with a rope! And, the carberator was REALLY bad (stick shift), and I had to hold the hand brake while balancing the clutch and SMASHING the gas to keep it from stalling out at a light! Try turning a corner while doing those three!. . Then, my last car was a 1993 Chevy Berretta that was permantly hot-wired with a straight piece of coat hanger shoved through the dashboard. It was my step-father's invention, and it actually had notches for the accessories carved into the metal rod! The engine fan also had wiring problems, so he connected it to a lightswitch that I flipped on when I started the car!. . These are true stories, as I've said before, I'm from the south, and we are very special people!
i own a repair shop,and i have tried doing this also ,,its almost impossible ,,some people just don't get it and never  will but you,ll probably pull your hair out trying to get them to understand,i had one earlier tonight with a similar question,i finally gave up,,good luck on getting the message through.Hook the wiring for it up between the #1 cylinder's wire and spark plug.  Point the light at the spinning "drum" at the engine's front where there are markings for the timing.  It will flash like a strobe light and the indentation on the spinning drum will correspond to a point on the markings, like "0" (or top-dead-center; TDC), -2, -5, etc.  If it is -5, it is firing at 5 degrees before TDC.. . You must pull the vacuum hose off the distributor, if it there is such a connection, and plug the hose (with a finger is fine).  That could otherwise advance the timing.. . I hope I have that right...I haven't actually used a timing light in about 25 years, LOL!Depending on the car, well damn, it depends a lot on the car. Let's see, depending on what the timing marks are supposed to be at, according to the manufacturer specs, line up those marks either by putting the timing light at zero and making the timing mark on the crankshaft line up with the one on the timing cover. Or, line up the mark on the pulley to the mark on the cover with the timing light at whatever the timing specs are. . . Without basic knowledge I don't think you can explain it. Someone do better?Find the Front Big Pulley on the Bottom of the engine that have the belt(s) on it. Look around the outer edge for a mark/indention and use some White finger nail polish to mark it. Hook up the Timing light according to instructions. Black clamp to Negative. Red Clamp to Positive and the other thing go on the Number one Plug wire. Start the engine and hold the trigger in and point at the Big pulley looking for the Scale to show the Timing marks. May need to move around but from the top you will see the marks in the light as it flash. Numbers before the 0 are BTDC.. The link has a little bit of a picture showing the mark on the pulley and the scale, with the numbers. And has some instructions.I was going to give you an answer,but I remember it was you who asked the question,and it will be you who will receive the answer.
You're right, offer the 100.00 or explain to him, he can explain in court why he was illegally on the road. Make him take you to court. He will back off. You may need the officer as a witness, to say what damage he saw.Let him take you to court. Make sure you still have the policeman's details (which, please tell me, you took at the time) so he can be a witness.Regardless of that guy's license status, your son negligently caused damage to his car and you are responsible for reasonable repairs.  You should file a claim with your insurance company.  That is what you pay insurance for.  It is unlikely that your rates will go up for a single (small) claim.  They can advise you and act on your behalf to make sure the estimate for the damage is reasonable.beat him with a bricki aggree with Tony R - HIT THE TARD WITH A BRICK! (and then run like hell) worked for me :)Turn their claim into your insurance company telling them what you told us.  Insurance fraud is not taken lightly, and once your company tells them that, and reminds them the police are ready to testify the damage was under $50 I would bet the whole thing will suddenly go away.. . And no, turning in an accident of that small an amount will NOT increase your premium.His having expired plates will have no bearing, whatsoever, on the accident.  You need to call the officer who responded and tell him that you need a report filed. At the very least the officer should have filled out an Exchange of Information Report.  You also need to immediately put your insurance company on notice, most have restrictions that accidents, no mater how small be reported within a certain amount of time.  And let you company call him.  Let him see you are not going to be pushed around.  Let an adjuster go and look at the damage and laugh.  You pay for insurance and this is what they are for!  You rates are not going to be affected that much. . My son got his license and had a rear end accident with two different cars involved, his fault, my adjuster went to inspect the cars with check book in hand.  Money speaks loudly.  Both drivers and one passenger settled for a small amount in a matter of days.  My rates did not go up much at all.  Another time my son and another boy had a "run in" after school.  It totally looked to be the other boys fault but neither called the cops (ugh!) anyway the boys mother called and told us she was making a claim.  I laughed but called my company and they pretty much informed her that since it was HER son's fault that WE would also be making a claim.  There was so little damage on either car it was pitiful, but she back off immediately!well for one call and talk to the officer involved and explain what is happening. Because he shouldn't get nothing from you especially when he said it. It's a verbal agreement. If he wants take him t to take you to small claims court let him. Because what he doesn. 't realize is that the cops know what happened and they can be your witness. He doesn't have a leg to stand on. Also what kind of cops do you ahve there cause if they were doing there jobs they would have noticed the tags were expired.  Good LuckDo you have photos of the damage?. . My husband had an incident last year. It was his fault, but I happened to have my camera with me, so we took pictures of it.. The people kept calling saying it was $600. My husband told them to have it fixed and we will reimburse them for the bill. They wanted the money, and we refused. They never contacted us again. . . We were lucky, but we think they jacked it up thinking we would pay for the damage. The photos would have been good proof in court, because there just wan't much damage.Hmm.. interesting question. I would check with your insurance company first. Just be general about it, don't give them specifics. I would imagine that because there was no report filed or anything, this guy can't do jack all because there was no "proof" your son hit his car. In other words, because he never filed an accident report, he cannot prove that your son hit his car.. If he did file a report, he would have to pay for the damages because it would be proven that at the time of the accident, he had no insurance because his registration was overdue. If you ask me, he's just trying to gype you out of money. DO NOT pay him any more than what the officer suggested. Ask someone from the insurance company first how they would handle something like that.I think it is a scam.  Call your insurance company and tell them the story.  Did you son get the name of the policeman and his badge number?. . Do not let him get away with this.Please let your insurance company deal with this - that is what you pay them for, and they can put adequate pressure on them to get real or back off.
You can access a lot of ATM's without being in a car. It is kind of silly to have 2 completely different designs.Because they all use the same key board as the walk up Atm's This Way they save money by not having to purchase a specialized key board just for drive through ATM'sBecause the manufacturer or ATM machines made it standard to put braille on all its ATM machines.Because the panels that are used on ATMs are all made at a factory without ever knowing where the ATM will go. It would be more costly to develop special panels without the braille and try to determine which ATMs are going to be drive-up ATMs and then outfit them with the correct panel.I drive blind all the time just take a look at my car ....Because Ray Charles needs to know what the hell he's doing.  Even without the assistance of his driver.Because they made it originally instead of going into the bank when its closed, you can use the atm, outside of the bank on the side walk areaThe keypads are all made the same because it would not be cost efficient to make half with braille and half without. This way they can produce keypads without the need to retool. (Which can be quite costly).It is for the blind person in the back seat (sitting on the drivers side) that needs to use the atm.
Its a kind of big cat native to S America, I think it's the fastest land animal over short distances, and eats things that are slower..............'cos not enough people will post in there? . . Although i don't notice much else in some of the other sections either really............ . Jags are quite boring to drive, ok for bit of luxury yeh - but gutless!. . Rakesh........That would be something to do with Ford owning Jag!Jaguars are boring to drive ? . You obviously have never driven an E-Type !!. They still make heads turn, nearly 50 years after they were first made.Due to the fact they are Ford's now not Jaguar's so they (the  new Ford/Jaguar's) aren't good enough to get noticed or even classified as a car!Because it is a Ford.Jaguar is under loss, the company is for sale. You can post your under Ford.Because Jaguar no longer exsist`s ! They are now owned by Ford !Because it is owned by Ford maybe. . I love Jags until I owned one and discovered how similar they are to Ford Mondeos.  Even the keys are the same type.
For starters you need enough horsepower to do it.i dont know how to drift on an auto only a manual but its hella funnever seen anyone drift with an automatic but a burn out you have it in low and hold the gas and brake down at the same time then let off the brake. Make sure your idle is up but nto blowing the engine up.to burn out .is strait throttle to brake traction .for alota smoke you lightly hold the brake and press the gas till the tires brake loose .to drift is another storyto do  a burn out u have to hold the brake and gas down using both feet to get the wheels spinning slowly start to pump the brake pedal up and down bye this time the engine should be revin hard start to use less brake and and more gas there should be a hell of alot of smoke that how u do a static burn out . To drift an auto u have to aproach the corner at speed when u are close to the corner drop it back to first gear on the selecter now  hook the wheel the way u want to go then step on the gas u should now be sideways remember to counter stear and u should be fine practise make perfect so happy drifting
I see you are getting alot of advice. The only thing I have to say id please buy american.... The cavalier - The Saturn - The Cobalt - The Neon - The Focus all are small cars all are econimcal - The big thinis you are supporting americans......A Chevy cavalier is a pretty nice car. It gets great gas mileage,,The 2.2 engine is powerful for a 4 cyl and has folding rear seatsget a 7 series beamer bro. cos theyre dopehonda civic good resale,great mileage will run forever.and surfboard will fit.The Honda Jazz would be my choice as the smallest car. It has the best folding seat arrangement i have seen & i've tested & run dozens of different cars of all makes. I couldn't tell you if a surf board would fit (not being a surfer) but i'm sure if you took one to the dealership they would let you try it for size! On top of that the reliability of Honda is legendary.
Ducks fly down onto the road in the middle of the night and lick the road clean of rubber. That is where rubber ducks come frominto the holes being dug by all the roadworks companies :)Just like brake dust it falls first on the road and where ever you drive.  from there it is either swept up or more likely washed off by the rain.  Most of it just ends up on the side of the road as dust.. . Later that dust will be either buried or end up in open waters somewhere.  Streams, lakes, rivers, ponds, the ocean.Because other vehicles pick the rubber up an shed it on the road side.. . Look at a race track after a race meeting, there will be rubber "marbles" all round the corners in the hardest breaking areas.. . This is the excess rubber picked up by hot tyres.cos utility companies are constanly digging them up...Initially it would go onto the road, along with all the other car by-products (exhaust fumes etc) - but when it rains this will wash the road surface clean.It is heated by the pressure and heat of the friction and disappears....??? road get bigger how in height or thickerIt goes on the road alright, to make it slick in rain. It is not our rubber that goes on the road, but the oils that makes the tires.Because it rubs out into something resembling a powder and that is what contributes to the dirt in the roadsides.
i have a honda accord 06..there shouldn't be any "noise" in a new vehicle..bring it back to the dealership...should be under warranty...have them check it out...take it to a Honda dealeri own a repair shop,and on this one id take it back to the dealer ,and let them repair it,use the warranty while you can that's what its for,so use it all you can ,,some day you,ll be paying to get it repaired,,good luck i hope this help,s.take it back to dealer if you have warranty.you cant!! all Hondas do that...eventually..guess yours decided to start NOW!!drive that rice burning piece of dung into the nearest body of water! i bet it stops!!!!!!!!!!!!!!take it to the nearest honda dealer and let them check the door out. also try to use some wd-40 maybe that would help a lil.shoot it lol.  its probrably a loose screw or wire in the door. i am assuming you have power window and power locks etc. it could even be a door speaker that is loose.we dont see any of these problems more than likeley somehting has come loose or somone forgot something on the line take it to a dealer it will be warrantyAs others have stated, take it in to the dealer.. . Unusual noises are the most difficult problem to pinpoint and diagnose, and there is absolutely no way anyone could tell you what is wrong with it or how to fix it over the internet.
It attaches to both lower control arms ( A-Frames) and helps to stabilize the rocking motion of the car. If it's broke it can cause steering problems and unstabilized sway of the vehicle.. Master tech 40 yrs.It is a bar usually about 2inches around in Diameter. There are usually one located in the front connected to the lower A-Frame via sway arm bolt and bushings. Another one located in the rear.  The wholer purpose is for stability in corners and turns. Usually in faster turns. If broken or not attached there is a possibilty of breaking the suspension possibly wrecking into something. If you are unsure about what it is, i would suggest that you contact someone who knows how to service it correctly, or contact a mechanic! Good luck!when a car takes a corner, say a left turn, the right side  wheels gets most of the car's weight, the car leans away from the turn so the left side wheels come up a bit and loose traction. the car sways to the right. a sway bar connects the right side wheels to the left side wheels so when the car turns, it can transfer a little of the weight from the right side to the left in order to help keep the left side wheels more firmly on the ground
sounds like the inner splash panels(usually plastic) have been pulled away or possibly been removed.  Look all around the front tires and see if you see engine parts, should only see black.  Hope this helps.get belt dressing at pts store...Tighten the belt...if its glazed or cracked replace it.i had that same problem with my fan belts but i had it fixed about 20 times it stops for a week and then it starts again and it doesnt look cracked but i still dont no what is wrongIt sounds like it's just loose and needs to be tight... slipping.  But get a mechanic to check it out... not a big job.Has the belt ever been changed? Even though it looks in good cond. after a period of time the belt will stretch and the water is getting in between the belt and pulleys making it squeak.
I had the same problem,  battery wouldnt charge up properly ,car wouldnt start. Found out it was the boot light not switching off and running the battery flat ,Extended the push button now its ok .check your lightthe immobiliser wouldnt prevent the car from turning over, just stop it firing,. . Charge the battery long enough? if flat it needs at least 12 hours, have the battery tested, cells often fail when the battery goes flatneed more info does the remote work on your central locking as this is all part of your immobiliser if so make sure you get in the car shut the door press the lock button and then the unlock button then try to start car if there is fuel getting up to the fuel rail then it should start if not then either you have no spark or the fuel pump could be faulty if no fuel and no spark the probably immobiliser fault main dealer fix I'm afraid if it won't turn over at all and the battery has been changed the it;s probably the starter motor try bump starting if it goes then starter fault or if you can push start it try putting lights on and turning the key if it clicks but lights don't dim then definitely starter motor hope this helpsYou could try this method,as i recently found out with a Peugeot.. It will take 2 people to do it,firstly,disconnect the negative lead of the battery,keeping the positive in place.. Have someone turn the key all they way in the ignition and hold there,while you re-connect the negative lead.You will get sparks,but if your lucky enough,the immobiliser will be fooled into thinking every things OK,and the car should start.Once it's started,it will run as normal.
Go to your nearest book store buy a manual and do it yourself if it's still clicking just take it off and replace the plunger and contacts I don't think its the solenoid. Or you can take it to a shop and have them charge you for labor and parts. . I just had mines replaced its a civic but you can check where your tranny is there should be two bolts holding it in plus your power and other wires attached to it.Try taking it to your nearest Mitsubishi dealer, or to AutoZone.  They should be able to help you out, or at least instruct you on how it's done if you don't want to ask them to do it for you.
Search your area for cars like yours. The insurance company has to give you a fair market value, so do your homework.Why do people ask this question, and don't bother to state the MAKE, MODEL, AND YEAR?. . Are we supposed to look into a crystal ball and then tell you OH SURE, I SEE THE INSURANCE COMPANY IS TRYING TO SHAFT YOU.Insurance does not owe you for the price it cost to REPLACE your car- it owes you for the Actual Cash Value of the vehicle you insured.. . Normally, they determine the ACV through NADA (which you can check online and confirm you are getting the appropriate price.) DO NOT go by kelley blue book- those prices are inflated and not valid.. . The fact that your car was well-maintained and ran over 10 years has nothing to do with the actual cash value (the acv assumes your car was well-mainted or they would take additional money off for damage.). . ACV is just a fact.  And as for a lawyer- i can only laugh.  Would you like them to take 1/3 of your 500.00?The insurance company is supposed to pay you comparable to Kelley Blue Book Value for your car.  Unfortunately, if the KBBV is only $500 then that may be all you get unless you go to court and sue them.  Check around, get online at http://www.kbb.com and do some research.  If it appears that they are trying to short change you then call a lawyer and get their opinion on where you can go from there.. . Good luck!!$500.00 sounds pretty low -- even a basket case Ford Fairmont would probably go for a thousand if it runs. Actual cash value (ACV) or market value is all the insurance company is obligated to offer you. There is no such thing as replacement cost coverage for cars. Try doing research in your local newspapers and used car lots. List the price, location and contact numbers for every car that is like yours (as much as possible) and see if you can come up with a mean average. This is market value. If it is $500.00, then take the check. if it is $1,750.00, then present this to the claims adjuster and request this amount. If you absolutely run into a wall then request his/her manager. Keep this up until they can at least satisfy you with an answer or up the offer.. PS -- a lawyer is a complete waste of (your) money.Sorry. no matter how great your car is it goes by the blue book value. but I would not settle for 500.00.they also have to cover your car rental. but do not wait to long they could have a limit to how long you get to rent the car after they norified you it was totaled, . Was the guy arrested ? If so you may be able to go after him and as part of his probation he may have to make restitution to you. believe me your insurance comapny will go after him and they will get their money back from him through court.
The smaller diameter front wheels are less likely to hit the horses legs, they require less space to turn (arc) and are lower so they're easier to climb over on a front control carriage.. . The rear wheels are larger diameter so they roll easier over bumps because that is where most of the weight is usually carried.  They also ride somewhat smoother because they're less likely to catch in a hole.Only a guess but the front axle must turn to steer and if it is the same size as the large rear wheels, the buggy would have to be longer and larger. The wheels are as large as possible for smoother ride on rough terrain, able to 'bridge' holes and ruts and carry larger loads.. . Make sense?!
Shoulder Room is a horizontal measurement for ONE SEAT in the car.  Front row and rear row Shoulder Room is often different.  . . Its a great measurement to compare, because it will tell you how much room you are going to have in that seat.Shoulder room is measured per-seat and it's the area 12" to 14" from the headliner, depending on who's doing the survey.  Anything closer to the headliner is considered headroom.  It's generally measured from the window nearest the seat to the center of the car and given in cubic inches.
I would take the stated gas tank size and the stated gas milage  of the vechicle and comput it from the . i.e. 10 gal tank x 22 mpg=220 miles..  Now do your own homework!! LOL1. Fuel Consumption (if in the equation). 2. tire wear. 3. brake wear. 4. engine wear. 5. insurance costs. . Its about $0.50/mile to drive my 1995 Tahoe when you add, oil changes, gas, tires, brakes, inspections, washings, cleaning, etc etc. . its not cheap if you look at every penny...
Well, it's simple, you own a Ford.. . F ix. O r. R epair. D ailyYou have an Air Bag problem. Do not try to fix it yourself. They are dangerous. Only a qualified tech should attempt repairs on it.. Something as simple as a static spark can set it off.. Master tech 40 yrs.well somthing might be wrong with it.....you might want to get it checked out....you never know when you need itoooooh Ford huh...Found On the Road Dead.. . I owned a Ford Taurus years ago.  Mine was a 1995.  First, the radiator went out, then the engine, then the catalytic converter.  In my opinion, the Taurus is a terrible model.  If your Taurus is still running, trade it in while you can!Check the air bag relay. Remove the negative cable from the battery and swap a relay you know to be good into the air bag one and then reconnect the battery to see if the light still comes on. If it's not the relay then don't mess around with the airbags, they are literally explosive.
i dont knowIt is when a group of people who are going to the same place ride together to save on costs.people riding together to work or other activities in one car instead of using several cars with just one person occupying it  taking turns doing this with various cars saves gas money and being tired from driving everyday to work or leisure act iviesit's someone who owns a car that drives other people around. It's saves the environment and gas and money. It's like a designated driver, but for going to work, etc.a motorized brother of a WHIRLPOOLA carpool is when a group of people pick a driver and they all ride with that person to save on gas.i think its a swimming pool in the truck area of the of the car.  i could be wrong on this one?  hmmmmm??When there is 2 or more people riding in the same car together. For example, if a few people work together, and they decided to take one car, it's a carpool.Large parking lot filled with water.a group that takes turns picking up and dropping off children or in the case of adults, a group that rides to a certain location together, like workwhen people meet up and ride together to conserve gas. Who will drive is usually rotated.it is a pool where your car can go swimming.....now on a serious note it is where people that work together or near each other ride together and take turns driving to save gas
Do good work at a fair price.   Do most of the work yourself will keep the overhead down and by all means guarantee your work.   Don't replace anything without the customers approval and show parts removed.   Run a few ads in the local paper and then let word of mouth take over.   You will have to start turning business away or hire more help and enlarge the shop and then you will start to loose business since you will have to charge more with the added overhead.   Keep it small and personal and you will succeed.be fair to people and dont cheat or gouge them. only charge them for ligitamite repairs and do the very best you can. be honest and take pride in your work.#1 thing gotta have good techs -starting out a couple of comebacks will kill ya-be prepaired to live there for a couple of years anyway.takes money to make money but you dont buy anything you cant pay for in full in 90 days. lets just say if you want it bad enough it can happen just gotta take care of customers and watch the all mighty dollar. if your not good with taxes etc get a acountant from a long existing firm TAXES CAN KILL YA QUICKLY!!-dont lease equipment either  if it goes good in about 10years you should be enjoying life--but i would say a good trustwothy crew is #1BE a good honest mechanic, and make more than you spend! On the "good, - honest" part,- word will get aroiund fast enough, and you will have more than you can do!  If you "rook" people , - that will get around even fster!!with alot of hard work and some good techs, ill work for ya if you pay me good:) it takes alot to run a shop, i have thought about opening one but its so much stress i think ill stay a tech for now, you will need honest help and some good techs as well as maybe a assistant  who can show you the ropes, but good luck!  maybe try to get a franchise like Goodyear that's already established so you have the name and the rep.There is great demand for repair services and good mechanics are in short supply.Customers do not want to spend alot of money even though their car is rolling death so finding a way to get the job done without alot of overhead is necessary.That means cheap parts and labor off the books.Do not say you will call them if you do not intend to that leads to mistrust.Do not give a diagnosis without looking at the car it appears like you need a boat payment.Lift the hood and look for something stupid like a dead animal at least look like you are sober at 10am.. . Women are lied to all the time by men so being honest will make them happy then you can pad the bill.Serve lots of good coffee because lack of caffeine makes people cranky and builds resistance.It must be so good people stare inside the cup.If you can start near a Starbucks so you can outsource the employee and customer coffee that will reduce overhead.. . Start near a hospital because people there have more money than time.Do not advertise oil changes that brings in everybody focus on telephone appointments.Franchises are bad because they are slammed by people on the internet,a local shop is harder to investigate.Save your profits in a shell corporation and you can retire in Europe,do not display your wealth and act real cornpone.. . Try to attract hybrid cars because small problems cause it to freeze in hibernation requiring a tow.You reset the car and replace the lead/acid battery which is a slam dunk.Paint your building sienna it is a code color for social climber and will attract image cars that must be up to snuff to keep up appearances.. . Everyone should have decent teeth because it will attract simular people who have money.This is good return on investment,give them a day off and pay for the work in cash.I went to a shop for 10 years because it was family run so pay for relatives to learn repair.They had a female who could reach into tight spaces and assigned female customers which made the newspapers.. . Advertise in Catholic church bulletins because the return on investment is great.Society is becoming have and have not,the haves know they can choose where to chink their cash so acting like a gorilla will have you changing axles for tomato pickers-your destiny awaits Skywalker.
Backfiring is a quick way of telling through the carburetor.   Bring your timing mark to top dead center on the balance mark and check #1 wire to the disturber with the cap removed and check to see how the rotor lines up.  To reposition the distributer, remove the hold down bolt, pull the distribute part way up and rotate the rotor and shaft 180 degrees and dropped the distributer back in position, lock the retainer bolt down, secure the cap and go for a restart.  With the engine now running, check for correct settings.It'll backfire thru the carburator (a lot)It's not 180 out, and having owned 2 different 283-powerglide impalas, you'll be lucky to spin em' on wet laves.It wouldn't even attempt to run. The spark would be firing when the piston was at the bottom.it will run like crap.If your car is 180 degrees out it won't run period.  Your engine will spin over, but will never start.
leave the vehicle on the ground and have somebody else turn the wheel a few degrees back and forth while you are under the vehicle with your hand on the tie rod end. DO NOT LIFT THE VEHICLE while doing this.I have never heard of inner tie rods. There are inner tie rod ends which are attached to the outer tie rod ends by an adjusting sleeve. The inner tie rod ends are attached to a center link, also known as a drag link. If the outer rod ends are worn it is highly probable the inner ones are also. I don't know what this 9 and 3 thing is but worn tie rod ends will cause your vehicle to wander when driving.Yes.  You need to get the wheels off of the ground, turn the key back to lock the steering wheel.  Put pressure on 3 and 9, back and forth.  Look for play in the steering rack.  More than 1 inch is too much.  It is normal to have a little slack in it.  But you don't want it too sloppy.  But the slack could also be coming from the rack itsself.  If you feel that something is really wrong and you've got way too much slack, I would suggest getting another rack from a junkyard.  Good luck.you have to get under there and shake them with your hands, tie rods are cheap so if your questioning it replace them its very easy just make sure you mark the old ones so you will be close to normal when you put on the new ones
If you used gunk and then used WATER to clean it off, it could be possible you have moisture in the distributor cap ,so if your car has a distributor you must dry it . frist assuming you can remove the distributor cap ,inspect it for moisture,if it does have moisture try using a dry clean cloth to remove moisture,the blow dry with blow dryer ,also ckeck your igntion coil ,make sure it is moisture free.When you sprayed your engine down you might have got some in your distributer cap. I would look in your engine take off the cap and wipe it out with a dry clean cloth.  Also check your wires maybe some water is shorting it out.   Next time you do that...use dielectric grease on your spark plug wires (on both ends)and on the distributer cap. It will keep from water getting in. Its non conductive, and its a good sealant.If your car won't crank, it isn't because of moisture.  You have a discharged battery, bad connection, or a bad starter.  Charge battery first.  (or if it won't charge, replace it)  If that doesn't help, clean connections.  If that doesn't help replace the starter.Dude, cars will not crank because of bad starters, bad batteries, electrical problems.. . Now, if it turns over but no start,, spray wires cap plugs with WD-40, not grease
I had a problem like this once. If the smell gets worse when you turn on your A/C then it probably is coming from there. The quickest and easiest thing for starters, which i've tried was to get a cheap can air freshener (the stronger the better)  and put it in my glove box and switch the A/C system to draw the inside air. The intake for the A/C is right behind the glove box so the scent gets pulled in alot quicker. If this doesn't help the I agree with the others and you might want to see someone that specializes in vehicle A/C but don't let them talk you into recharging the system. That would only be needed if the system isn't cooling.I found that my AC smelled better if I turned the AC off about a mile from my destination.  Seemed to somehow dry the moisture up and the smell never happens now.Put a bag of onions in the back seat this will absorb all the odors.you can temporarily make it go away by turning on the heater for a little while before you turn off your car to kinda dry it out.>Probably a bit of road kill in the outside air intake.<aw, just pull the screen off the air intake under the hood and pull the dead rat outta there.  Not so funny.  I've done that!you will have to get the air conditioning system cleaned and recharged at a dealer or air conditioning specialist.This is a common problem.  You have a mildew growing in your air box.  The only way to get rid of the smell is to go by a kit that foams up in your airbox killing the bacteria.do you have freeon leaks? or burnt compressor? clean the a/c vent out. thanksi own a repair shop,and whats causing this is three's old leaves and debris gotten down in the bottom of the heater box ,and it causes this smell, my Nissan just did it ,and i took the heater box out and cleaned it all out real good and now it smells normal ,but even after cleaning everything it still smelled for a day or two.but you might try cleaning it out,this is what causes it to do that ,,good luck,i hope this help,s.and have a good thanks giving.You got a dead mouse up in there . use air freashner till it goes away .yuck.. did someone pee on that thing.....*runs*ok if there is a smell coming from the vent it is from mold growing in the vent.. Here is why. Go to the engine compartment and look at the fire wall. That is in the engine compartment just behind the dash. Now look on the left side of the fire wall for a small tube. It comes out of the fire wall and turns down. This is the ac drain for the condensation from the as. This little hose is plugged up and is not allowing the water to vent out of the tube. Get a pencil and shove it up this little tube. . . As the air works it makes water and there is a  small tray that channels the water out this vent. When it stops up it does not allow the water to drain and mold grows in this channel. Over time it smells up the car.. If you clean out this hose so the water will drain it will wash out the mold and the smell.Find a shop that specializes in a/c systems and tell them about your problem.I believe it's a form of bacteria that has built up in the ducting and they should have something that they spray into the ducting and it kills the bacteria and it's smell.I am not disagreeing with the other technician's answers but nobody has mentioned changing your filter/filters. That couldn't hurt and they are usually in stock at your Toyota dealership.
I just checked those codes in my motor manual.There is no such codes.632-OVERDRIVE CANCEL SWITCH CIRCUIT DOES NOT  CHANGEDURING KOEO TEST. (1990  ON).646-INCORRECT GEAR RATIO OBTAINED FOR 2ND GEAR.trans codes....get ready to pay... they go away when ya disconnect the battery.. but if the problem(s) persist it will come back on..Disconnect the battery for 10 minutes and see if the codes come back. You might have to go to a dealer to clear the codes. The dealer may charge you or try to sell you a repair. Some Autozone Stores will read codes and clear them for free.
If it's Fed-Ex Ground watch out!! They are horrible. The drivers own the trucks & routes. They just don't care.there is a time line for them to deliver...check your reciept...it shouldn't take more than 3 days under any circumstances.  I would call them.  To expedite means to complete...so call them...tell them you paid...and you want the item(s) delivered.one thing with low end expidited service is they will hold packages till there is enough going to fill the truck,but even with low end they still have a max for delivery time,call them
a stock mazda rotary engine will rev to about 5500 maybe 6k....I don't reconmend it!Rotary engines run at high speed, and the new RX8 engine develops peak horsepower at 8500 and can rev to 9000 rpm. . I am sure with some modifications you could get that motor up to 10000 rpm ... maybee more
Starter motor on a motorcycle, Jet aircraft, car, what?just crawl underneath and locate the starter. it will be very apparent how to do it .it's easy. remove the plus battery terminal before you start.The starter motor on what?Disconnect the negative battery terminal.  Label and remove wires (usually 2 or 3) from the starter.  Take out the bolts holding it in place.  Remove old starter.  Drive to parts store and get the new one, turning in the old one.  Installation is the reverse of removal.disconnect the battery.. disconnect wiring and starter bolts.
if you get a super small remote controll cari had this prob a couple of weeks ago. i dipped a sponge in the soapy water, rinced it so there was not too many suds, wiped the car with the wet sponge, then chamois it dry.. it worked for me.....make sure you keep dipping your chamois in the water to wash it out a little though or you'll end up with streakspray that it rainsvery carefullyjust wash the car...and fill the bucket with wateruse 20 gallon bucketwash YOUR car firstGet a big bucket, fill it with water & get loads of mates to help you carry it - & help you clean the cars.Keep filling it up.No tap and three cars to wash?  I'd say, drive the cars one by one to someplace that DOES have a tap and wash them there.
try usuing kero. this will bring it off. good for tar and bugs tooMayonaise works, some dealers use this trick to do it to the new cars that get messed up. Just rub it on and wash your car after, it should rub right offCheck your local auto parts dealer for tar and sap removal products. They generally work rather well with a bit of elbow grease.Try some WD 40 and when you get the sap off wash it and put a good coat of wax on it.
Hey there by the sounds of what your saying its your headgasket i had the same problem with my car i had oil in with my engine coolant so if your not mechanically inclined i'd take it to a garage and its not a cheap job either i'm guessing you will be looking at about $350 for a headgasket kit it comes with everything you need for a head job and labour and the shops hourly rate on top of it .but thats your problem its your headgasket you should have it fixed as soon as you can hope this was helpfull info for you and good luck..oh yeah also have your head plained too this will  make a good flat seal again with a new head gasket and you will need to flush your radiator and replace your thermostat as wellMr Muscle drain unblocker works a treat, fill with fresh water, run until warm add the unblocker, run for another couple of minutes, drain and flush with fresh warm water. No more mayonaise.That would be a cracked head and/or cracked block. Get it checked out.You need to what we call backflush or reverse the flow of the coolant in the system. as the engine gets hotter ther thermostat located usually near the top of the engine will open and allow coolant to flow to the radiator where it then falls through the channels and the mving air passing through the radiator cools it, so your coolant flows in this direction to remove impurities you have to reverse the flow.  Remove the thermostat and then force water the opposite way round the system including the radiator, you can add a flushing compound but the most important thing is to continue witth this until you get clear water, when finished refit the thermostat and new gasket/seal if it has one and then add the correct amount of antifreeze and top off with water til it reaches the level required, run vehicle with the heater on hot until normal operating temp is reached and then very very carefully using a rag gently remove the pressure cap to check the level, if it is low use warm water to top it up as this will avoid a coolant shock to any of the alloy components and gaskets in the engine.  It is a time consuming process taking on average 40 mins to complete successfullydrain it & flush itGO TO THE PARTS STORE ASK THEM THEY MAKE A SOLVENT,NOT A FLUSH FOR OIL ,JUST ADD TO TO YOUR RAD THIS WILL DO THE JOB,I WILL TRY TO FIND THE NAME AND LOG BACK ON FOR YOUBuy yourself a rad flush and follow instruction dont forget to cure the reason its there .First drain and flush the system, then and I think that they sell Dawn ultra dishwashing detergent there get a small bottle and use about half of it. run to operating temp and then flush it again this stuff works wonders and is not harmful to your engine or cooling system. Also works on blown transmission coolersDrain out about half and then add some detergent and let it circulate in the system by running it. Drain it all out and flush with clean water. Detergent does miracle for oil contamination.This would be a head gasket failure. You will need to disconnect and back wash the whole coolant system. Then get a new head gasket and replace the old one, if you are unsure how to consult a knownedgble friend or family friend or mechanic. Then refill coolant system according to manufacturers specs. Sorry about the luck. Check thermostat also making sure your coolant system isn't obstructed (heater core/ thermostat) also make sure you are getting flow from water pump.Use special detergent which breaks up oil then reverse flush with hose pipeI would check engine oil too, and change if it looks at all choco milky. Change, run a bit, then change again to be sure. Not doing could ruin you engine very fast.. Having a mechanic do a test to make sure it is not head gasket is cheap insurance too. Just in case.Fix the oil cooler, then drain and refill the coolant, of course.If as you say , the head gasket is ok, then try putting a couple of spoonfuls of baking soda into the cooling system. I know it  sounds crazy but it really works. This will clean any thing that shouldnt be in your cooling system. Run it for a couple of days, but no longer as it is quite sore on the system. The drawback is if there is any weakness in the system, this will highlight it, ie, weak hose, radiator core etc. Then flush the system out in both directions with the thermostat removed, refill and bleed it if necessary.
Your brake light will ALSO come on when the fluid level is wrong in your brake system, or it senses another problem.. . Perhaps air in the lines, perhaps a new master cylinder is needed.. . Please have your mechanic check it out.Your brakes are worn out, which caused your brake fluid in the master cylinder to drop, causing the warning light to come on.. . You need new brakes.. Don't just add brake fluid. Get your brake replaced.Have someone qualified check the pads for wear. If they're OK then have them bleed the system (get the air out of the system) If everything checks out it could be the rear brakes where the emergency brake is connected to is hanging up a little keeping the light on. Usually this isn't a problem at all, but have it checked out because it could be a much bigger problem. It doesn't sound like the master cylinder is bad, but it could be. Have a qualified brake tech check it out, but avoid the big brake shops unless you have unlimitted funds. Also, just check the fluid level period. It might need a little brake fluid. (Actually this is the first thing to check ) ;). It doesn't sound serious, but have it looked at by someone who knows what they're doing. Brakes aren't a real difficult job and usually any fool can replace pads, bleed air out, etc... Just don't have any fool do it. LOL. Lights on consols are called idiot lights for a reason...A lot of times they go on for no reason and I have had brake lights that never go out and everything works fine for years.. Good luck and have someone who knows about brakes check into it.air in the lines.. .  have some one place their on the brake and pump it 3 to 4 times and hold. then  you go to the left front wheel and on the inside you will see a nut that you turn /turn it until the brake pedal goes to the floor. then tighten. go th the next wheel the [right rear and do the same thing/.  then go to the right front then the left rear each wheel do the same thing and each time have your buddy press and hold the brake pedal. this is called getting all the air out of you brake lines [manually]..  tou might have to do this 2 or 3 times do completely get all the air out of the lines.check the stop light switch it maybe stuck up and does not open better replace your stop light switch. stop light switch is attached to your brake pedal. it maybe mechanical switchThat light is connected with your emergency brake. It's a spring (like spring inside your pen, but stronger) under the cover of the emergency brake or under the car connected to the cable that goes to the wheel. this spring will push the 2 connectors apart when you release the brake in order for the light to go off.check that.
Mums driving 4X4s don't KNOW the laws of the road!Its pretty much the same everywhere, because they're bullies!It's not just London I'm afraid.  Up their road tax is what I say!  Why do they need a great big thing like that - they can't even park it?!  Where are they going to go offroad?  They get on my nerves!Not just in the UK dear.  People all over do that! Most of the bone head ridiculous things I have seen on highways & even 2 lane road have been made by SUV drivers in the US.. It is amazing to watch & I just pray I am not in their way the next stupid move they make!the police cant be bothered to climb the ladder to talk to them.cause their english!!!!this is because nobody would dare mess with a mother in a 4x4 or they will get there arse kicked. and there stressed to high heaven with school runs and other mum crap.you ought to check out houston,tx usa 4x4 lady drivers....we call them "soccer moms" and you'd better watch out,they're much more important than drivers in small carstax them to buggery, lets face it buggery is probably all they're good for!Because all they do is spend all day shopping or "lunching", so they don't actually have any idea how to drive the car that "hubby darling" bought for them.  Their only practice is doing the school pick up, where they have to show off to the other 4x4 mum driver's, that they are actually skilled and in control of what they're doing.. . I'd like to confess that mum's driving MPV's in Hants are actually very skillful driver's, whatever the time of day.no brains,. cos  all they ever do is get their. brains f*cked out by hubby,. hence the need for a 4x4
Besides jamming the mechanism and causing damge if you try to use it nothing.  Best bet is take it in and have pro take care of it.  The cheap solution would be the take it out and shake method.  Most coins are not magnetic and I would not suggest you try that mehod cause it might mess up the heads.kevin has the best idea  i would try to use a telecoping magnet  if that does not work take the unitout and shake it till the coine falls out then put it back in...     good luck...nothing, but you will not be able to put your cassettes in there until you get someone to get that coin out
Get the VIN and contact law enforcement. Or do a carfax. Make sure the VIN matches the car, etcTake it for a test drive.. . Cut off the first policeman you find.. . Tell him you wanted his attention, to check the VIN.. . If it is he'll be glad to follow you back to the person trying to sell it to you.if the cops pull u over or shoot at u  its stolenif you have an insurtance company, call them and give them the VIN , i think they have access. if not your local PD or Sheriff Dept does to run a vin and check on whether its stolen or notJust contact the local police and ask.  They can't tell you who owns the vehicle, but they can tell you if it's in NCIC as stolen.
the dealer can reset it for youMany times this is a sensor that is disconnected or broken, or the service you got was not the problem the sensor was reporting.. . If this were happening to me I'd look for a loose wire under the hood, and look to see if it could be connected to a post or terminal.If you bring your car to Advance Auto Parts, they will hook up a diagnostic computer and tell you what the car is trying to tell you. They can then reset the light for you.. . If the problem still isn't resolved, the light will come right back on-like it's designed to do.probabely just a lose wire or something like thata. dont think its the service diode though. good luck and enjoy your car!!! i love the vovo S60:)
the mod valve or throttle diaphram valve is a vacuum opperated valve that allows the trans to shift into appropriate gear depending on speed.  the ford basic part# is  7a377. . it is used on auto trans only)MODULATER VALVE WORKS ON VACUUM AND ASSISTS TRANS UPSHIFT."vacuum modulator" controls main line pressure and  the modulator valve that controls boost pressure.. . It's calibrated to sense engine vacuum,,,. which is in turn an "interpretation" of engine torque.. . High Vacuum=small throttle opening=LOW torque/Low RPM. Low Vac= Large Throttle opening = Hi Torque/HI RPM. . The BOOST valve controls apply/release Pressures on Clutches,Bands,etc. . By sensing Engine Vacuum,,the Vac Modulator tells the trans' hydraulic control whether the TRANS is under Heavy Load or Light Load.. . An apparatus called a "Governor" is another hydraulic valve which senses Shaft Speeds and controls pressures accordingly.. . Interaction of Boost Pressures and Governor pressures control Shift points by  applying/releasing  appropriate clutch/band setups which control the planetary gear system.. . a '66 C4 auto was a common box in mustangs.. They have the old-style Push-In Vac Modulators.. . Fault symptoms are simple.. If Vacuum source is a problem,,ie broken hose,,or even a "slipped" engine camshaft timing chain>.dropping vacuum severely,,,. The symptoms are LATE,Hard Shifts,,,due to BOOST PRESSURE being inactive.. The Shift Point is left entirely to Governor RPM regulated Pressures. . Low/Vacuum,,,Broken hose,,,,the Trans "Thinks" the Throttle is Wide Open cuz of No Vacuum.. So it "fails" to FULL THROTTLE/MAX RPM Upshift.. LATE/HARD shifts,,with FULL apply pressure on bands/clutchs.. . Second symptom and rather common one  is a ruptured Diaphragm in the vacuum modulator.. You get "all the above" symptoms ,,for same reasons.. Late ,Hard,Shifts due to No Boost Pressure cuz Vac Modulator is "broken".. . But You ALSO get,,SMOKE.. LOTS of Blue/Gray Smoke from engine exhaust.. The Engine Vacuum sucks Trans Fluid straight out of the trans,,,thru the ruptured diaphragm and into the engine to be burned along with it's normal fuel/air charge. . .................................. Some modulators are "Adjustable".. There is a screw which adjusts the Pre-Load on the Spring which the Diaphragm acts against.. The adjustment Raises/Lowers the Vacuum required ON the Diaphragm to Overcome the spring pressure. . Altering the Required Vaccum to move the Modulator>Boost Valve to a given position,,,,. Makes the TRANS "think" the engine is at a Different RPM/LOAD mode than it actually IS according to shaft speeds.. . The effect of that on the Boost Valve/Governor pressure balance ratio is that it Changes Shift Points. . GOVERNOR controls Shift Points.. Boost Valve  buffers the Governor and alters it's FIXED SETTING Shift points.. Vac Modulator controls Boost Valve to control Shift Quality and Timing.. . Anything that affects Engine Vacuum will affect trans shift points & quality.. Bad Valves,Bad Spark Plugs,Low Compression,collapsed exhaust,,Ignition Timing..,,Valve/Cam timing....Anything. . ................ Later model cars no longer use Vacuum Modulators,,,. they use electro-mechanical devices controlled by the car's computer system. . When "all was well" with a "OLD CAR",,the vac modulated controls worked very well---basically as good as "Latest Greatest" electronic controls for average,everyday use.. . Biggest gains from Electronic Controls came from SEPARATING Trans functions  Totally from Engine/Car/Atmospheric Conditions.. . A Trashed Engine running on 1/2 it's cylinders NOWDAYS will have it's Transmission function Correctly from sea-level to Highest Altitudes.. . Before electronics,,,An engine fault would  Directly affect Trans operation.. . . . More or less,,something along those lines,,in general terms. . Hope any of that helpstells trany when to shift.That is what tell you tranny to shift gears.Bonsi is on the ball with this one.MickTHE  MODULATOR ON YOUR C4 TRANSMISSION IS USED TO UPSHIFT YOUR TRANSMISSION USING  VACUUM  THAT THE ENGINE CREATES .
a better place to post this qn would be a forum that's dedicated for cars. . . Like: www.team-bhp.com . . It's a gr8 place for all this!! trust me! You'll love it there that you'll ccome back and vote this the best answer! ;)Ride : excellent, with the new suspension. Probably the best thing about the vehicle. the 2.6litre engine has a lot of pep too though it is an old pushrod technology. The vehicle is amazingly nimble for its 2+ tonnes. . . cabin space: is great but is appointed very badly. Plastics are cheap and the design looks like it belongs to a bachchu colouring book. No character.. . mileage: 10kmpl. 12 if you are lucky. . service costs: on an average - it is as cheap as can be in this class of vehiclesThe vehicle is good looking.. . The vehicle has less stability in high speeds,lot's of body rolling,cheap interiors,engine is not that good.Scorpio is the only decent SUV that you can get at the lower side of 10lacs. It looks fabulous, has good milage and a great engine as well. Pitfalls are its ride stability at high speeds and middle row space. The suspension is a lot better after it was reworked by Lotus labs and so is the steering. This steering is however great at low speed stop-n-go traffic of the city. The middle row space has been taken care of in the new scorpio by having a sliding middle row which enhances leg space. The vehicle is pretty reliable and build quality is pretty decent as well. Millage too is great. The Safari can match it for price after the recent price cuts but the Safari has a aging design and very unreliable too. Plus the DICOR engine is not match for the Scorp.Mahindra Scorpio. Ride Quality:  7/10. Cabin Space: 8/10. Mileage in City: 9.5/10. Service cost: 7/10 (Service costs are high). . Overall M&M Scorpio's new diesel unit is a great SUVI dont like it at all. Hyundai Travera or even Toyota Qualis is a better option.
heard this about 1000 times try searching in the web next time and dont waste your usefull pointsbars dont care there just tryna make moneyThats a dumb question. You have to have a way to GET THERE! and ppl usually take taxis or have designated drivers to take them home and pick up there cars in the morning.WHY DO PEOPLE SELL DRUG ? WHY DO GUN STORES SELL GUNS ?WELL TO ANSWER YOU ,YOU CAN DRIVE TO THE BAR, HAVE ONE OR TWO DRINKS  AND DRIVE HOME YOU DO NOT HAVE TO GET DRUNK DO YOU,ALSO THE PARKING LOT IS FOR YOU TO LEAVE YOUR CAR IF YOU HAD TO MUCH TO DRINK,,I HOPE I HELPWhere else are drunks going to vomit, piss, hold fights etc.I agree. it's a double-standard. Yes, we can have designated drivers, but not everyone has someone to do that. I've often thought of opening a bar that has a pick-up/take-home service for all of it's patrons with no DD. You'd have to charge a cover/pick-up fee, but it's better than getting a DUI and going to jail, isn't that right Mr. Gibson?  lol. Would you go to a bar like that? It seems the only other alternative, but a possibly profitable one.FOR ALL THE SMART PEOPLE !!!!So you have somewhere to sleep after the bar closes...So you have a place to park and a backseat "just incase" you find a girl drunk enough to go there with you.. . . Seriously, what a dumb question though... Here's another one.... Why do they have public schools if people like you are just going to end up this stupid?Because you are not supposed to drink above a certain limit.  But, if you do, you are supposed to have a "designated driver".Designated drivers, taxis, and bartenders.so someone can drive youso people who arn't drunk can go there. DA DA DA DA DA DA DA DA DA DA DA DAbring a person who doesn't drink so he can drive.For parking TAXIu can drink and drive . u cannot be drunk and driveit's legal to drink and then drive just not to drive while INTOXICATEDFor the benefit of the designated driver, the taxi when it comes, or to make it easier on the tow truck when they come to tow it away after you leave it there.4 the staff who work therebecause maybe there is at least one person with enough sense to be the designated driver.Driving drunk is illegal. Some people use their heads and drink a little bit not enough to get drunk or buzzed they just have a little bit. Those who know they are going to get drunk call a taxi or have a person with them who is not drinking to drive them home.you have to have a place for the DD to park.Car Parks are at pubs to encourage people to go to them because by and the large the average person is too lazy to walk or cant be bothered to use public transport.....what is against the law is getting off your head then driving your car...so anyone that goes to the pub that has a car park can leave it there safely.. . But were you aware that it is actually wrong to keep your keys on you for your car even if you have no intention of driving it once you have had a drink.. . You can still be done for being in charge of a vehicle...so the best thing to do is hand your keys to the landlord till the following day.. . . God thats boring........Not everyone who patrons a bar gets drunk; some actually have good food.  Employees and designated drivers need somewhere to park, too.You are you so honest. That is a good question. Queen America, girl, why is everything so messed up here?Good question! I wanna know to, but I think it is because if people are smart enough they wouldn't take a bottle and drive with it!Thats a good question um i think because there could be other stores around or whatnot and they also might just want you to get in trouble also it might be for people who dont actually drink and drive their loved ones to the bar oh and do you really like john cena.....? DEDEDE!!!!!!!! signing out!!!
Hey,. .   YOu can get it from underneath.  Look up towards the latch and you will see the cable stop at an eyelet at the latch.  Thats the anchor point of the cable and just on the other side is the bare cable  that touches the fulcrum to release the latch.  if you push with a long screwdriver towards the back of the car the eyelet will release from the latch mechanism and you can pull the vinyl sheath right off.  Hopefully there is cable left there and you can just pull on whats left.  If the cable broke right on the latch you can remove the latch stryker fro the upper rad support by removing the 10m or 13mm bolts.  By doing that you can just raise the hood and work on the latch with the stryker hanging off of it.If the handle has broken off, but the knob on the cable is still visible, many times you can get a hold of it with pliers or Vice-Grips and pull it to open the hood.. If the cable is actually broken, you may have to separate the cable housing past the break and pull the cable to undo the latch.. Then replace the cable.CROWBAR!!!!!!!!Remove the kick panel and you should be able see the cable(if it's broke there) if it's broken under the hood you may be able to reach through the grill with a coat hanger. Good luck.Look under the front bumper.  You should be able to reach your arm up behind the grille area and pull the lever that the cable was originally attached to and release the hood.If you are careful and can see where the cable operates from you might be able to jimmy it with a screwdriver.Stick your arm up under the hood and pull the cableChainsaw time.
put charcoal or baking soda or vinegar (or all three) in small plastic tubs and place the tubs near the car when it's parked.  those three things help absorb odors.. . also, park it in a place with good ventilation.Ah the sweet smell of bondo and paint.  Working for several dealerships I've found the only way to get rid of it is to shampoo the carpets and seats.  Yep it's tiresome but those scented particles are all over the cloth and carpet.
to many accidents this is true dont belive the bs other people putmalleability of the aluminum was too brittle (time had taken it toll on the flexibility) and most were to old to up date and would need to replace all of them in order to offer air safety to both the passengers and the people underneath them that were open to having them drop out of the sky if they were to break up.if you are talking about the automobile, they didn't sell enough.  If you are talking about the SST, it costs too much to maintain.Too expensive to build, maintain & flyFuel effeciency and noise abatement laws.too costly to maintain and fly,too pricey for ticket as wellthats not an acura vehicle
The only info I can find on the subject is this...... AVG(American Volunteer Group) fighter planes were painted with a large shark-face on the front of the plane. This was done after pilots saw a photograph of RAF 112 Squadron in North Africa, which in turn had adopted the shark motif from German pilots in Crete. About the same time, the AVG was dubbed "Flying Tigers" by their Washington support group, called China Defense Supplies.They painted the teeth on them to scare the Japenese. The Japanese were very superstisous about such things as dragons and they thought they were just thatTo put fear and intimidation into the enemy. It was also a thing of the time to put nose art on planes. To include B-52 and F-17.This was done for morale and propaganda purposes.Because sharks are considered scary and mean. Probably the same reason they painted the bombs before they dropped them. To strike fear for those who see them.The nose of a plane looks somewhat like the nose of a shark.  Plus, It looks really cool!intimidation. . The Flying Tigers did a lot of ground support interdiction, and the Japanese troops could easily see them. General Chenault was big on first impressions.
You would have to take your dashboard apart. Not a easy task if you do not know what you are doing. Did you check the fuse? Get a small flashlight to keep in your center console.just pop the clock out using a small screw driver. then look for a small round black button on the back. side of clock you should see marks that look like. a slot for a screwdriver on the button just turn that . button until it comes loose you should see a small bulb. connected to the button, go to  the honda place and. purchase a new one.then follow the the directions in reverse. your clock will glow like new. let me know.. leroy.
Most likly a blown head gasket, hace you checked your head for water, or get a head pressure check done, if there is white smoke coming from your exaust then its deffinately a head gasket. and it could also be a water pump are you losing any water.There are several things you should check, first and most basic is your coolant level, is it empty or low? If so then add the nesicarry amount. Is your car leaking at all? Check your radiator and hoses to see if there is any obvious damage. Other parts that could be at fault is the thermostat or the fan clutch or the water pump. You may also want to do a pressure test to see if it something really serious like a blown head gasket. DO NOT KEEP DRIVING YOUR CAR IF ITS OVERHEATING. If it overheats bad enough serious engine damage will occur like warping the cylender head.radiator fan on when temp is high?. could have bad thermostat . could have bad fan temp sensor(if fan is not turning on). when you accelerate you are pushing more air thru radiator which cools the water temp-also when you turn on the heater it takes away heat from the engine coolant(it acts as a miini-radiator)When was the last time you flushed your radiator?  You should do this every 5 years at the minimum.. You probably have some blockage in the radiator.  Usually you will accumulate 10% blockage per year.  If you haven't had it done yet, then your radiator is only working at 30% efficiency.. When you accelerate, you are drawing more air into the engine and your water pump is working harder so the cooling system will work temporarily.. When you turn on your heater, you are allowing the coolant to flow through the heater core which is a mini radiator.  The blower pushes the hot air from the heater core into your cab.  This will also lower the temperature of the coolant since you're releiving some of the work for your radiator and giving it to the heater core.. . You might just have low coolant.  But get a flush anyway.  While you're at it, replace your upper and lower radiator hoses.. . Just a note on some of the other answers:. It is definately not wise to drive if your car is overheating.  I believe that car has aluminum heads.  If you overheat them, you will warp them and need a whole new head or get yours straightened which is not cheap.. . I saw the answer about your head gasket.  It's a good possibility this could be your problem.  But, you didn't mention any white smoke, so I didn't think of it.  Check your oil.  If it has a milky appeareance, then your head gasket is bad.  Open your radiator cap and start your car.  If you see oil on the top of the coolant, you could have a bad head gasket.  (sometimes you will have a small amount of oil there which is not necessairly an indicator of a bad head gasket).  The dead giveaway is a smoking exhaust and milky oil.. Also if you open your radiator cap and start your engine, you might see it puff like a train smoke stack.  That is also an indicator of a bad head gasket.Not a mechanic,but I'd check the thermostat in the radiator cap first,it might be sticking..  You could talk the dealer where you bought the car,the service dept. should be able to tell you.Check to make sure the radiator fan is turning on and pulling air through the radiator.  The radiator could be partialy pluged up and need to be cored or replaced.  Make sure you have enough coolent.
Driving in Jamaica is scary as hell so don't rent a car unless you're up for a challenge. As John W says you can catch minibuses. Or hire a driver.  Hiring a driver will cost about the same as renting a car.  There are no trains in Jamaica.  If you want to go from one end of the island to the other quickly a flight is the way to go -- but that's assuming there's an airport nearby and an airport at your destination.Lots of private reasonable Taxi cabs and all drivers have a nickname, roads are bad, don't recommend renting a car as some locals will let you crash into them, buses are hot and crowded but dependable, charting a small plane is also reasonable if compared to the states. Recommend Negril and Ochos Rio where Mick Jagger has a home.
the only way is to either hot wire it, connect the ignition wires or if u really dont care, and they already took out the key insert of the ignition then a screw driver will work just like a keyNo, no-that only works in the movies.if you see where they put the screwdriver in, do the same, just turn the screwdriver the same as you would the keyDo it by trial and error momentarily joining the various cables 'till you hear the engine fire. Dont be affraid of the sparks, it's normal.hook up a push button(like a horn button)and run 1 wire from the battery side of the starter and 1 wirs from the igition side of the starter,then the other ends of the wires hook up to the button,then just turn on the switch and push the button to start it.thats all a ignition switch does,the same way.better get a new ignition switch  :(Inside the steering column there should be a round piece of plastic with a slot in it where the key switch turns the ignition switch. Put the screw driver, pop-cycle, spoon or what ever in their and turn it like a key. Vroom vroom and away you go, but make sure the steering wheel is not in the locked position,you wont be able to steer if that is the case.
The first number is the width (in mm I think), the second number is the percentage of the width that the tire is tall.  Example,  If your tire was a 200-50-15,  the tire would be 200 mm wide, 100 mm tall, and fit a 15 inch rim.  The 31.5-50-16 is an unusual size.  I have heard of 31-10.5 or 30.5-9.5, both large tires.  When the sizes get that big, it means that the tire is 31 inches wide, half that tall, and on a 16 inch rim.The way I remember it is.... . The 245 is the width of the tire, while the 70 means that the sidewall is 70% of the width of the tire.. . It really doesn't matter whether it's millimeters or whatever, - just know that a 250 / 50 is a wider 'slicker' tire, - with more handling ability. But with less rubber sidewall between the you (the rim) and road, -means it's gonna be a 'harder' ride.
what are they doingneed more information what happens when you try to use themmore information please...you need to say what they are or are not doing.need more info when you turn signal on did light on but is not flashing or it doesn't work at all? if it not flashing replace flasher it located around your fuses box (it look like black square box) or take it to Auto Zone they will check it for you for free of charge.UP TO MAKE A RIGHT TURN- DOWN TO MAKE A LEFT TURN WE gots lots of yuppies in this state that don't know how to push on the brake yet alone make a turn signal work
I know an EMT who has something like "2D RESQ" (To the rescue).if you have a nice sports car! 4U2NV  (For you to envy)1sexewm=  1 sexey womeni saw one that said luni2n (looney tune).ISOA222pretty lady i a porsche...."justa7".  looked more like a 9 to me.OU812,,,oh you ate one two?GR8D8B8 = Great Date Bait (on a Porshe 911 Carrera)The best one I ever saw just said Blond. But it was put on the car upside down.an older lady i know that is french and moved to the us when she was 17 from france has the tag "a la mode" meaning for us here is ice cream but the meaning was explained to her was....... when a la mode was used by itself without the word icecream it meant  "on top of" in a sexual way!!! shes a freak!!!!
Yes. You should get 13 to 15 volts on the charging circuit.They haven't had generators on vehicles since the 50's, so I assume you really mean alternator.  . . Put a volt meter on the battery with the vehicle running.  If it reads below 12 volts you have a faulty alternator, if it's reading around 14 it's probably okay.
It will be leaking in from the seal in the rear window. My fathers mondeo was exactly the same.Stop parking in it in the river.Yeah, it was dripping onto my head from the top right hand corner of the boot!YOUR DOG IS PISSING! Kick it!rain...?yeah ive heard of that happening. i think its called rain or something like that and it happens very frequently in the uk ie today + tomorrowcheck out gas in take side behind the cover  or from one of the rear wheel wells.Probably the boot lid seal, or the rear screen seal. Make sure there are no bungs missing from the boot floor, or standing water can splash into the boot as you drive along, and sit there.I had a leek once where the shaft for the rear wiper goes through the boot lid.  A ring of bitumen tape soon fixed it.
take it to the dealer if you're still under warranty. if not, go to a local audio installer and have them make sure all the connections are still there. don't think the cds are stuck, it's just not reading that they're there cuz the connection is bad.Is it a factory CD player? A lot depends on what is wrong with it. it may save you time and money to just pull the player out. Disassemble it, get the CD's and replace the whole unit. other wise you may need to find a stereo repair shop and have them repair it. not sure what the cost is.You can take the unit to the dealer order an exchange unit.  When you send in your old unit they will return the CDs.  If it has a CD error they are not going to come out unless the unit is dismantled.post more info
Those are your only two options.... . With the inverter, just start the vehicle every now and then and let it run for 5-10 minutes each time.Unfortunately those are your two options unless there is another source of AC power nearby.  A smaller television would not drain the car battery as quickly.  Some generators such as the smaller Honda models are very quiet and would not be nearly as bothersome.
lemon law only applies to new cars and also not due to accidents. but it is against the law to mislead and not report major repairs to the consumer. take the car back to the dealer with documentation from body shop and with your lawyers phone number and see if that gets any results.I am going through the same thing only I have a new car (2005) and dealer has worded all repair invoices to say something a little different so I can't sue.  However, there is something called the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act.  See if any of the qualifications apply to you &  your situiation.Lemon law only applies to brand new vehicles. Used vehicles are either sold "As-is" or with a warranty. If it was sold "as is" then there is nothing you can do. The dealer has no obligation to help you.If the vehicle had been in a wreck the dealer should have disclosed that to you. It is a huge liability if you get in an         . Threaten to contact the BBB or an attorney and see if the dealer will trade you out of the car and put you into another one. It is a gray area depending on which state you live in. Good luck
It actually means, "Heritage High Roof", no B.S. It is chev's new small SUV, or I think it is classified as a Wagon.His & Her RideChevrolet's knock off of a P.T. CruiserThe ugliest vehicle known to man.A Car.. . "The Chevrolet HHR (for Heritage High Roof) is a retro-look compact crossover SUV ... The HHR is assembled in Ramos Arizpe, Mexico and is available for sale ..."A Consumer REports recommended wagon, HHR stands for "Heritage High Roof"It may be chevys version of the PT Cruiser but alot faster with the small block in it.a car /van/suv all in one made by chevy. They are the ugliest things. JUst like the new dodge caliberIts chevy's version of the PT cruiserChevy's version of the PT Cruiser.
+ A boat is a submarine. A ship is all other vessels onto which a boat can fit and be launched from.A submarine is a boat.  A ship is the thing with the cross hairs on it.  Also known as a floater, skimmer, or target.didnt know there was a difference.http://www.straightdope.com/classics/a3_256.html. . http://www.sarahsmiley.com/Boat_or_ship.htm. . U BOAT German = unterseeboot (under sea boat) u boatA ship can carry a boat (like a life boat or launch).. . Dingys and inflatable vessles do not count.length?The definition according to maritime academy I was in, is if a boat can fit on a ship and still maneuver safely and not lose major buoyancy, it is still a boat. You can't put a ship on a ship.
sounds like a defective o-ring to me..There are O-rings at the injector and fuel rail joint that may be leaking, but more likely the injector body itself is the problem. This is fairly common on older Chrysler products and a very dangerous situation. . I normally recommend replaceing all of them at the same time, but at least replace all the O-rings if you only replace one injector.o rings i just did one a  week a go your looking at $87 if you due it yourself..good luckChryslers are garbage, in general.
A Dog clutch, Is an in and out, Like an outboard motor.. It has a slide Called a clutch dog no slippage Its either in gear or out... A soft clutch is a disc that slips smoothly into gear similar to a car, old Chrysler I/Os had a soft clutch..that's the only One I ever known of..a dog clutch you have 2 push 2 the floor ---- s10. a soft clutch you can tap and go----civici dont know where it got the name but a dog clutch has "teeth " cut in the drive part that have corresponding "slots" cut in the driven part. these cannot be engaged silently when rotating so make for a poor choice for automotive applications. a soft or disc clutch has 2 plates, the flywheel and the pressure plate with the disc in the middle, the pressure plate has a spring to engage and disengage giving soft engagement , hope this helpsGood question.  Don't know the answer, but outboard moters have a dog clutch and I do not think it has anything to do with pedal travel.As mentioned, a dog clutch is commonly used in marine outdrive applications, most commonly in smaller (under 300 HP) applications. Some larger units use a cone clutch rather than a dog clutch. It is still pretty harsh, but it is softer than dogs. A true soft clutch is usually either some sort of friction disc or hydraulic like a torque converter in an automatic trans (not used in marine applications)
i have one too and there is no way to turn them off they have a sensor in the dash and that's what makes them turn on. all i can say is to tell the guards that you will start turning your inside cab light on and then they can see you in the cab and if you let them know that's how you will signal them it might not make them nervous.Disconet The Wire That Turns Them On . Only The One That Turns Them On In DaylightThe headlights are built to stay on while the engine is running.   Its a safety upgrade and its on most all late model cars and trucks.. . As for the armed guards at the gate, I suspect they would get ready to shoot any vehicle approaching them with no lights on.   They might think its a terrorist attack and shoot you.. . What you need to do is dim the headlights or use the parking lights when approaching the guard gate.. . Ask the guards at the gate how they would like you to handle it.your supposed to turn the headlights to the parking light switch.  DRL are not bright enough to effect the guards if that is what your referring toMount a toggle switch into the power wire going to the head light switch. Have fun dayare they headlights or daytime running lights?. . DRLs don't turn off...Look at your fuse panel..there should be a fuse marked DRL.. remove it ..that should disable your daytime light sensor everything else should work... but check to be sure...your owners manual will give you the location of your fuse panel.You should contact the manufacturer.  I know a lot of cars are now set up for headlights to be on all the time, as a safety feature.  GMC should be able to answer this question the best.  good luckwell then ur only option is not to drive that car they are refered to as running lights and as ling as the engine is on then the lights are going to be on ...ur only option is to get out ur owners manual and look for the fuse box placement chart it willl tell you which fusae is for the running lights and headlight and u could just pull the fuse during the daylight hoursi don t think u can turning them off day time lights will still be on not as bright i beliveTo temporarily disable your daytime running lights, push your dome lights button 4 times fairly quickly. You should hear a chime on the fourth push, now your DRL system is diabled untill you turn off the car. You can now use headlight switch as you normally would when approaching the gates. Easy, cheap and safe.
with the e-brake. there no safe way to do it find a big parking lot and practicethats bad driving.people like that is why insurance high.i dont know what your asking and i wouldnt tell you even if i knew.That's bad driving practice and if I knew how I wouldn't tell you!something with the e-brake, and applying gas or breaking at the right time
Check the ACC for power with the engine running. This may be the problem. You can always put in a swich as well for parental control.Try asking the mech to connect the wire that should on ur hand brake to a normal gnd wire.
Buy one that will fit you!size of the bike and you. price. dependability. insurance costsIf you are located in the Philippines then go with a Kymco 50cc scooter. they are cheap there, reliable and available.get a Yamahondukitake a bus or walk. a motorcycle will kill youYour experience is the biggist and most important factor. Dont buy something too powerful for your experience level.. Thats how people get killedMate if your  in the Phillipines I got to assume your not looking at the larger bikes.You know your traffic conditions better than I do take a good look at whats on the road most of the smaller japanese bikes are reliable because of years of refinement.I assume your after reliable economical transport first and foremost.Look at the single cylinder models available and buy the one in the best condition you can afford a four stroke is the better option in the long run but if the two strokes are in better condition go with that.A twin cylinder would be a little smoother but once again it depends on which of the bikes available is in the best condition.If its the first motorcycle you have owned take a friend or someone who knows something about motorcycles.. Good Luck.Hope this helps.new or used?..  cruiser or street/racing type.  Engine size is a big deal.  Remember that a 600cc bike is small in comparison but can still through you off the second you pull that throttle!  So be careful.  If you are a first time rider, I'd suggest starting with a smaller bike (600cc is good).  Maybe even look into buying a used 600cc or around that size.  Then move up to a 750cc later on.  You also want to try and get a good feel for your bike just sitting on it.  Does it feel comfortable.  Depending on how often and for how long each time you are planning on riding.. ie. how long is your ride to work?  Make sure you'll be comfortable for the whole ride.  Also weather in your area is a big factor.  Are you prepared to ride to work when it's pooring rain out? Or do you have a backup plan??   Good Luck and Happy Riding!! =)  Oh yeah!..  and remember that bikes are huge targets for theft so keep it insured or locked away out of sight in a garage or something.
It is most likely the belts, or the pulleys but conceivably an air conditioner or alternator problem.. . Either the belts are the wrong ones or have insufficient tension; or a pulley is loose, misalligned, or is the wrong one OR one of the pieces of belt-driven equipment has problems causing excessive resistance --- e.g. alternator bearings or possibly an air conditioner compressor fault.Belts may look good but sound like one of them need adjusted or tightened. check with local shop or a friend that can helpsounds like a belt or pulley but maybe you have a bearing going out in something.....Yes check all belts and pulleys, they need to be tightened or replaced.Same symtoms on mine. Turned out to be an idler pully bearing.
Wow..  all kinds of different answers here. The easiest by far is call your local police department and ask them to come to where the car is and do a vin check. Dealerships by law can't disclose any information about the individual that purchased the car, and carfax, although a good source of info, doesn't get it right all of the time. Just call your local boys in blue...  they've done it a million times.duh!!! how do you think???check with the cops...Double duh!!!You need to see the title and make sure their license matches up with it. If it doesn't or if they don't have a title, there is an issue. The person on the title is the only one that can sell the car.well you can read the vin #'s and see which plant it was made at, then contact the dealership it went to and find out who purchased it,and whether it's a 1 owner car or not.  But then again you can always try a carfax reportTake the VIN number to the DMV or to a police station to see if it's been reported.  Although it is easy to take that off and put a new one on there.  Check theCar info and also make sure when you talk to the "owner" ask for a look at the title.  No title = no legal registration.  Oh just in case the VIN number is the long number that is usually found on any of the windows.  Usually on the bottom right corner.have the VIN number run through carfax or get a police officer to do it
Using a pressure washer to clean the engine compartmentIt usually refers to an electric or gasoline engine driven pump that kicks the standard city water (from 50 to 80psi) up to 1800psi, or 2300psia, or even higher. This blasts dirt and grime from engines, transmissions and other components including engine compartments. If you do this, however, be careful not to blast the seals and bearings as it will drive water, grime, and other stuff you don't want in the moving parts.
well their is more to it than that i have blown up 2 gear boxes and never fucked a clutch so its not the clutch you may have to worrie about its the diff and gear box so price up a good clutch that wont slip then you will have no problems their and price up a second hand gear box drive shaft and diff and buy so when you blow it up you can bolt a new one back in the other thing to do is buy good high temputure and pressure oil put that in the gear box and diff this will make the oil work better under high pressures eg burn outs and the other thing is to replace after every 5 good burn outs because after that the oil will be fucked hope that helps. . i do burn outs all the time and its cool the smell of tyres burning is so niceIt has to take at least 1/3 of its life it I bet if you do that regularly. Buy those heavy duty racing clutch or something.Well, Speed Racer,.          You didn't say what kind of car,  you're doing this to.  The cars I drove back in the 60's and 70's were pretty tuff, guess that's one of the reasons they were called "Muscle Cars".  What you describe is harder on the power train/ drive train then the clutch itself, slipping the clutch causes more wear.. .                    Ps. It's     " Dumping the clutch" not dropping.dropping the clutch shortens the lifespan by about half,but also it is not good for your drive shaft or rear end gears
Great stuff and YES, it is a great alternative. Not affected by daily temps in a car like the glue on black tape is. Go for ityes you can but be careful not to heat it too much you can melt the shrink tube easilyShrink tubing is a much better way to insulate wiring . Just be sure that the wires are not going to rub on anything when your all finished .Tie the wire up and out of the way hooking it to other wiring works lots of the time.  If possible you should run the wire through plastic conduit for added protection.You sure can, and SO much less messy than electrical tape.Ideally soldering then heat shrink wires is the best. It makes the wire a lot harder to pull apart.. . Crimped wires with butt connectors is also good as well.Heat shrink tubing is actually the preferred method.. Tape is unreliable as when the glue dries out, it can come off.yes, its the better chose
i use them in dense fog or extremely wet weather!but the button/ switch is located in a awkward place in my van and i have accidently switched it on whilst getting into the van by clicking it on with my knee unwittingly!Hi.   I live in Las Vegas and we had fog here for maybe 2 hours about 6 years ago,but people love to turn on those fog lights. It is mostly younger drivers and I think it's to show that they are cool or maybe they just like to blind people in the other lanes. It could be People Look At My New Used Car. Who knowsgo to Daniel Stern lighting........it will tell you all you ll ever want to know....and things you didn't about lighting.....i use it religiously!yeah i know, crazy eh ? fog lights should be amber and mounted as low as legally possible ( 10 inches or so off the road is perfect , but legal ? ) i would love to have some fog cutters now that it's winter, makes it handy for counting fools in the ditch :) , nothing more annoying than some "hero " with a plow on his pickup nailing you with them when your on the highway. thanks for the " rant & rave space "I hear you. Sometimes the fog around here is like a wool curtain but people will only drive around with their high beams blazing away and their fog lamps off (unless it's a sunny day, then they turn them ON (?))yup.. i agree with u... there are too many people using them even with no fog  for god damn reasons they they oni noe..... . Hmm.. could it be that the fog lights are linked with the headlights such that it autos switch on when the head lights are on? InterestingOk lets try this Most people haveing fog lights have them set to high and they are mostly clear , the real fog light is yellow which allows the light to penatrate the fog or rain by setting them right ,first set the beam of the for light to hit the pavement no more than six feet from the sorce not straight out this will allow the light to show under the fog and allow you a little better vision at the same time not blinding the driver comeing toward youYou are correct use them for your purpose. On the other hand I live in an area where drivers are crazy. So many people use the the fog lights even when there is no fog just as an extra measure to keep visible to other drivers.I live in NB Canada, and people here use their fog lights NON-STOP! I can't stand it! Sure, fine, use them for fog, but for goodness sakes, turn them off when there's none! They are blinding on the road coming at you! Especially when you're driving a car, and there's a lifted half-ton coming at you with their fog lights on...why not just high beam me???
I think they are shrink fit.  get some alcohol some dry ice,  and put down the bluntYou just MUST give more information than that. What year, make model, size of engine are you talking about?
Probably not as much as you would notice.Actually it is better than it was before. It has forced upgrades to antiquated systems in shipping yards and forced foreign ports to send the lists of container contents to US shipyards before they ever leave the foreign port. This has emabled new efficiencies and lower costs in shipping and shipyard operations.. . I saw this was on a Discovery Channel show a week or two ago.
Use oil dry and grind it in with your shoes, the sweep it will grind in the concrete and remove the stain. Don't use kitty litter use the oil dry.Concrete is porous.  Sometimes, if oil is allowed to set into the concrete, you get a permenent stain.  SorryThere is a "Kitty litter" absorbent compound that has citric acid in it, -- also a liquid cleaner for concrete,- I think you can buy both at auto supply store,- or any of the better "building supplies" places! The citric acid (or orange oil), - eats the oil to some extent and emulsifies the rest, so that it can be washed down (with water hose), -- or picked up with the oil absorbent "kitty litter"!! Either will work independently, but they will work together even better!. . If you don't see anything, ask and they will find the stuff (if they stock it).Try sand or cat litter.try using an industrial degreaser not the kind you get at Autozone or anything like that we have this stuff at work that will strip paint, oil, grease, etc. I am not sure what its called but can find out.Use gasoline and scrub like h--L. also is you have a pressure washer it can get the stain out. I have also used muradic acid to get stains off concrete.
If you are replacing a 1996-2000 Minivan Strut Tower due to corrosion, instead consider using strut tower cap 05080008AA (right/passenger side) or 05080009AA (left/driver side) along with cap repair package 05086513AB and adhesive 05083855AA. You will need an adhesive dispenser for the repair - available under p/n 05016570AA. The I-Sheet for the repair is included in the cap package. See also TSB 23-044-02 for labor ops and other equipment required.try contacting chrysler at 800 992 1997 and explain the rust problem,they may cover it under an extended warranty that is not published,7 yrs old should not be that bad even with high road salt.. as mentioned above the only proper repair would be to replace the inner fenders and that is a major bodyshop jobi own a repair shop,and you may have to cut that section of metal out,and replace it if its that bad rusted,i don't see how it could be that bad on a 99 model though,,but if it is you may have to replace it so you can secure the strut good luck i hope this help,s.Its a known problem that DCX has a repair for. It costs about $300 and can be fixed at the dealer. They weld in a new support for the shock absorbers. I dont believe this is covered under any warranty but you may want to check.Go down to the parts store order the part and while you are there pick up the chiltons manuel for that year and make vehicle. It will have explanations it it and pictures to help you.Wd-40 and a crow bar
Check the brake fluid level first add "new" clean DOT #3 brake fluid just enough to the minium line see if the ligh gos out. Antilock brake light on that model sometimes a rear axle sensor or Antilock brake Valve. Get that checked at Ford for best diagnosis and repair.Red brake light might be the emergency brake is part way on.Fords are quite known for this problem, i have a 1998 windstar and my ABS and brake lights are on 24/7 even though i just had new brakes and such put on they still are stuck on there. for some reason ford has issues with their sensors. If you have had your brakes done recently then i wouldnt worry about it but if you still have original brakes on, i would get them checked out just in case. some places check for freeYour need to fully release your park break.Red brake light could be low on fluid or parking brake on.. Yellow aintilock light is probably a wheel speed sensor open circuit [bad sensor].That means your CAB (Controller Anti-lock Breaks) pump is bad... and it is usually a computer problem.red light low brake fluid, yellow abs is in inoperable till you add fluid then see if light goes off, if not see the dealerIf your parking brake is not fully released it will disable the antilock system. Could be a stuck brake cable. Get the brake system checked ASAP.Your anti lock system has failed.  Get it in NOW.  Yellow lights are warnings, green lights are only information  Red lights are critical.  Safety is at stake.I believe you need to electric grease on the light bulbs your running low on grease. When you have to much friction they can light up. Fill the resivor up with grease check your brake cable bearings too while your at it.the van has some kind of problem with the anti-lock brake system. take to the dealer and have them check it out.. . . . of course you could always put a piece of black tape over the light so you don't have to see it all of the time
It runs off the same signal as the speedometer. If the speedo works, the odometer is just bad.More info .  what is it doing?if it is a nisan or infinity most likley the wire connected to the meter got melted and the connection is bad. if there is movment sometimes the wire went bad, just fllow it and replace it. should tak about 30-45 min. bet lucktoday the most common cause of odometer error is tire size.
OEM = original equipment manufacturer parts designed to fit your vehicle as they would at the factory, up to factory specs.  Not selling to masses a "part that is close to orignial"  You generally get better quality from OEM.Original equipment manufacture.It's a long boat ride."OEM" is Original Equipment Manufacturer.  They are so expensive because they meet 100% of Honda's specification.  However, that does not necessarily mean they are the best parts. Technology and engineering advance rapidly. A non-oem manufacturer may have a better part.  Researching your options is the only answer to which part will serve you better.it means original equipment manufacturer and these parts are straight from the factory"OEM" is pretty wel covered by others befroe me, - however the reason the parts are so expensive, is because there is a very high "duty charge" upon entry in the USA, - then there is the expense to get them to US, and expense to get them to your dealer (agency,-garage, -parts house)!  I don't know the exact charge at this time. bit a few years ago, I saw an article on expense between manufacturer, and user, - and it is  as much as 200% of what their origional part costs, - plus sometimes an aditional 40% for dealer or machanic "shop markup"! The duty is to "protect" US manufacturers.  The "markups" happen so everybody that handles them makes a living, and shipping and freight pepole make a living doing this too!. . This is why your "$35 head gasket set" costs $180.   Now some "after market" manufacture-ers make parts here (and in Mexico mostly), so freight and duty is a whole lot less, and the parts "aren't OEM" - however they may be as good or possibly better in some instances!  You pay a little extra to have "HONDA" printed on the boxes! They are all made in the same places as the parts on the car (good or bad!!)   . . Yes I have had "bad parts" from "OEM", and "aftermarket" manufactureres! Right out of box, - right out of "distributers stock".  So nothing is perfect!!
The Badge problem is actually an image problem. There is nothing wrong with the cars , its just they have a stigma attached to them that they are crap.. . Nowadays the Skoda cars are really good and reliable.. . Don't worry about what people say...make your own mind up!The idea was that VW Audi should take-over Skoda, and build them to VW Audi standards. Unfortunately, it went the other way, and VW Audi are now a complete load of sh*it like Skodas.It's the bit you've still got when the rest of the car has disintregated.the badge is situated at the centre of the bonnet, it reads 'tosser'.should go to a car dealer, a friend of mine got a ford KA (an OK car, will run for a long time) for £1000, not bad, i have seen it, it is very good, you will get the one chance from time to time, just have your money ready and keep looking.. . good luck. . will talk about it laterIt goes back years ago when skodas were first imported here, they were absolute crap cars!. Now they have a Volkswagen engine and have improved enormously with reliability and style.What?! Are you talking about the actual badge with the logo on it - displayed on the front and back of the car?!the badge is the thing with the swan picture or whatever it is supposed to me you will find one one the front grill and one on the boot. the badge stigma is not s bad these days same as the vw badge it used to get pinch and worn a a meddelianis it some kind of viking ship?
get a new car :)this is going to sound stuipid, but sometimes the easiest things are overlooked.  that comment about turning off the key while its running makes me think it sounds like its running out of gas, or somehow a short.  as far as the gas goes, have you replaced the fuel filter?  or maybe checked the fuel pump?I think you might have a short going from the steering column to the engine,or possibly a loose connection.......Check that the choke is completly off (open) when Hot. Fuel filter , the fuel psi regulator, fuel pump.. Timing, Vaccum leak. I would check accelerator pump on carb as well. Have fun today.replace the distibutor and pick up. its not the chainWhat this sounds like is that you have a problem with your electrical system.  Sounds like there might be an issue with your cars computer.  Have you gotten your fuel injection cleaned?  Perhaps some impurities from the gasoline have made their way into the fuel injection and subsequently damaged a sensor.  That would explain it.  Just make sure that you take it in to a qualified place and not just some cheap garage.have your ignition module and capacitor.I'm not sure sounds like everything is kinda new,my advise is call your local Chevrolet dealer and ask them,probably would guid you better than the answers you've recieved here.Sounds to me that there is a fuel shortage feeding the engine.
I believe those may have one wedge shaped pin on each end of the caliper.  (or possibly one with a metal slider held in place by one bolt) They look like 2 small pieces of metal bent in a 90 degree angle with rubber between them. If you drive them out, the caliper will lift off.. Take a large C clamp & press the caliper piston back with the old brake pad in place to protect the piston from being damaged by the C clamp.Remove the bolt, then take a scewdriver and a hammer and tap out the pin at the bottom of the capiliperwith great difficulty probably!!!2 bolts hold the caliper on. They're on the back of the caliper. Remove those it may take some liquid wrench and maybe even heat... Heat will probably mean rebuilding or replacing the caliper though because you'll melt the boot and O-ring on the piston.. . When you get the caliper off take a C clamp place the C clamp between the [OLD]inside pad and the back of the caliper and compress the piston so that the new pads will clear the rotor. This should also eliminate the bleeding process of replacing brake pads.
If you are in California that is the provisional registration/smog inspection sticker.  Those people have one month's time to finish their registration process.  That involves having their cars smogged.  The tags are red with white numbers so that the CHP's can spot them easily from the highway and pull them over.they are called periods...DUH!!!Well I do not know where you are but it sounds like an inspection sticker which some states require to have your car on the road usually the color would indicate the year and the number the month.
Try this, G M recommends that you clean your windshield with Bon Ami. use a soft cloth and clean it good, then rinse and dry it. Then clean with regular window cleaner. The Bon Ami removes road film that window cleaner won't touch. I follow this with a coat of Rain X windshield wax.  I only have to use the Bon Ami about twice a year and the wax lasts about six weeks in the winter. Do not use any other cleansers (Ajax Comet etc. they scratch glass, Bon Ami doesn't) Also wipe your blades with window cleaner.All of the other answers do apply.  You can also try treating the rubber with an alcohol swap.  This is tired and proven, and an alcohol swap used to come with a new set of Bosch Blades.  It does help.OK, before you go throwing countless dollars away on the rain-x and hi-dollar wiper ideas, think about this, and I'm not trying talk down, but sometimes we forget the obvious.  Your wipers are rubber, and the windshield is glass...the problem is, the wipers are hardening a bit and actually 'grabbing' the windshield when they pass.  The easiest fix is to a) treat the wipers with some household glass cleaner, the ammonia will soften the rubber, or b) run 'delayed' wipers in accordance with the rainfall, eg. don't run them full blast in a light drizzle.Clean the outside of the windshield with Ban Ami or something similiar. Chatter is often caused by wax from car wash water. Many car washes filter and reuse water, the wax gets thru the filters.Try triple edge wipers. Not only are they covered by a lifetime warranty but they are impregnated with a silicone that acts like rain x  and sheds water and prevents the chattering your talking about...... Haven't seen one set of these chatter yetTry some rain repellent like RAIN-X. this should smooth out  the surface of the windshield.sounds like the wiper arm (the long extensions from the pivot point to the wipers) has lost its tension - try putting a bit more bend in it or replace thembasically, one of the reasons for chatting is a dirty windshield or your windshield has an rain acid. If not, bend the arms of your wiper a little bit to have a pressure on the windshield & wont chat.Treat your windshield (by following directions) with Rain X brand or like brand product from your local auto parts store!
Fuses are numbered differently for different cars. If you have the make, model, and year of the car if you google around you can sometimes find the wiring diagrams for that car. Also, the inside or the outside of the fusebox cover usually has a table of what each fuse does.make an explosionActually, it's the effect.... . Is this an aftermarket unit?. . What else is the fuse used for?. . Are you connecting to the hot or output side of the fuse?
i would get a chilton manual...also, its recomended that you replace all 6 but dont have to.  you might have to take off the intake plentum if the injector is on the rear bank..is it front wheel drive?  take the fuse out of the socket for the fuel pump...crank over engine till pressure is releived..remove fuel rail.  pull out old injector...lube up new and put in...install same as removal....a $15 manual would really help though...especially if you plan on fixing more on an 88.Bleed the pressure from the fuel rail first. Then just swap the injector. It should be a piece of cake.
Truthfully you should probably replace the rugs.  But baking soda works wonders at removing odors.  Just spread it on thick and let it sit there for a few hours, them vac it out.this is a big job,you have to pull the carpet completely out of the vehicle,pressure wash the carpet with a 5 percent bleach solution,throw away and replace the jute(the carpet padding).dry thouroughly and re-assembleStart by taking your nasty  floor mats out of  the car. Then you should take it to a professional auto detail shop, they can shampoo it. That might do the trick. good luckBefore you replace the carpets as last resort.................. Try febreeze (for automotive carpets), 500ml spray bottle for 2.99$. most likely your carpets need a wash again with detergent /baking soda. the smell part is usually due to growth of fungus ,mildew etc.which is not good for you coz they release spores in air.. clean it thoroughly, dry it with some vaccum and try febreeze on carpets and mats...it kills odour causing  germs.Febrezze helps with funky smells!DO YOU MEAN THE CARPET OR THE FLOORMATS? IF IT IS THE FLOOR MATS TRY WASHING THEM WITH A DETERGENT BAKING SODA MIX. WE HAD SOME MUSTY TOWELS THAT GOT LEFT WET AND THE BAKING SODA WORKED ON THOSE. IF IT IS THE CARPET, TAKE IT TO A DETAIL SHOP, MAYBE THEY HAVE SOME TRICKS.First remove the mats and let your car sit in the sun with windows open until the rugs are bone dry. Cover the carpets with a thick coating of baking powder a let sit for a day or 2. Then vacuum the baking powder.If it is dry I would sprinklr baking soda on it (real heavy) then let it set then vacuum it then take it in and have it shampoed.  If it is possible leave the windows openjust buy new floor mats..or if its the interior carpeting take it to a detailer and have them steam clean the carpets
The best idea would be to heat up your key with a bic lighter some what to get it warm/hot and then stick it into the lock slowly melting the ice. Once you get home, spray WD40 to prevent the moisture from formng to start with. Good luckYou can go to Car Quest, NAPA, WalMart or any place with an automotive department & purchase a small bottle of "Lock Deicer". Inexpensive & easy to use. Or; if you have a hair dryer, set it on medium heat (you don't want to damage the paint) & it will have the same effect but will not usually remove the moisture & will likely freeze again. Which ever solution you use when the locks are unfrozen use WD40 to spray into the lock to disperse the the moisture. Use the little tube extension that comes with it to get all the way into the inner lock mechanism. Then you should be good to go.My daughters car did this last week..I warmed the key with a lighter.  After a couple trys at doing this the car door unlocked....turn carefully though...not to bend your key.Take a Hair Dryer To them.Avoid freezing in them by covering the car with somethingAny hardware store has a small aerosol just for this purpose - just don't keep it in the glovebox, if you get my drift...You could burn the doors offUse a blowtorch and hold it nearby (not close enough to blister the paint though!). . You can also get chemicals that do it, I think WD40 might help.Hair Dryer.. . A nice one would melt away the ice.. . Next time, cover you car with a car cover.
It's a neck injury caused by the sudden jerking motion of the head as a result of a collision. Where the body moves at a different speed to the head (typically where the body is restrained by the seatbelt), the momentum of the head flexes the neck in one direction (ie: forwards in a front on collision, or backwards in a rear end shunt), only to be snapped back when it can't move in that direction anymore. The motion is much like the way the end of a whip snaps back, hence the name.. . The risk of whiplash injuries can be reduced by using a headrest that is properly adjusted to suit the sitting height of the occupant.Whiplash is the common name for a hyper extension/flexion injury to the cervical, thoracic or lumbar spines. The injury is referred to as "whiplash" due to the neck or back being thrown forwards and/or backwards at a rapid speed. This causes the fibres of the neck muscles to tear, resulting in pain and often a decreased range of movement.. . Whiplash is a commonly associated with motor vehicle accidents, usually when the vehicle has been hit in the rear, however the injury can be sustained in many other ways.. . Cause. A whiplash injury can be the result of impulsive stretching of the spine, as the head snaps forward and then back again causing a whiplash injury. The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety defines whiplash as: "a range of neck injuries that are related to sudden distortions of the neck. It takes about 100 milliseconds for an occupant's body to catch up to the car when it is hit, and it is during this time that the damage occurs.. . Whiplash can be caused by any motion similar to a rear-end collision in a motor vehicle, such as may take place on a roller coaster or other rides at an amusement park, sports injuries such as skiing accidents, other modes of transportation such as airplane travel or from being hit or shaken. Shaken baby syndrome can result in a whiplash injury.. . Wikipedia,Whiplash is a soft tissue injury to the neck-is also called neck sprain or neck strain. It is characterized by a collection of symptoms that occur following damage to the neck, usually because of sudden extension and flexion. The disorder commonly occurs as the result of a car accident and may include injury to intervertebral joints, discs, and ligaments, cervical muscles, and nerve roots. Symptoms such as neck pain may be present directly after the injury or may be delayed for several days. In addition to neck pain, other symptoms may include neck stiffness, injuries to the muscles and ligaments (myofascial injuries), headache, dizziness, abnormal sensations such as burning or prickling (paresthesias), or shoulder or back pain. In addition, some people experience cognitive, somatic, or psychological conditions such as memory loss, concentration impairment, nervousness/irritability, sleep disturbances, fatigue, or depression.It's when a visit to your local S&M dungeon goes wrong.it's when your head flies off into a certain direction then suddenly stops...the muscles that rotate and keep your head up become damaged by the strain of the movement and this causes trauma, pain and discomfort in the neck..  It's treated by rest and neck support. Eventually if the pain hasn't disapeared after 4-6 weeks some sort of physiotherapy is recommended.when your neck gets jerked forward and backward in a quick motion, usually from car accident.It's something I'm suffering with at the moment since a car crash last september!  It's a soft tissue injury to the neck or shoulder area as a result of an intense jolt by the impact of the crash.  The surrounding muscles go into spasm to protect the soft tissue and this is what causes the pain.  Very often, as a result of holding your head and neck a certain way with the tension of it, your spinal cord goes out of alignment and then the area doesn't get the support it needs from the spine.  I found that my osteopath worked wonders for me, but most people see a physiotherapist (as I did in the early stages) and some see a chiropractor.Im not a doctor but i might have this right. Whiplash is a couple of things. First if you were in an accident and your head was thrown forward, you can have a concussion, even if you didnt hit your head. Its caused by your brain moving too fast inside your skull. You are also very likely to feel sore the day after the injury even if you didnt feel that bad at the time of the accident. Im also pretty sure you can have whiplash without a car accident because I took a big spill down a set of stairs and felt the same symtoms. Hope this helps!A neck or back injury usually as a result of a car accident. The injury is often faked by chavs to claim money from insurance companies.its when you jerk your neck like c1 to c8  disc  when you have a crash it might feel OK  but the next day diffident story disc can come fused together  nerve damage can be very unpleasant and a long time healingIts caused by stress on the spine from something like the impact of a car crash. Its painful but hasnt actually caused lasting damage to the spine xx
take it to an alignment shop, tire shop or your dealership.. . the vehicle is placed on floating pads and hooked up to a computer to measure the angle of the tires to ensure they are proper.. . no one can do this at home or without an "alignment rack".the first thing is to pull the vehicle on an alignment rack. then set up and zero the sensors. then perform a sweep and finally check toe.. then make the necessary adjustments.. thats assuming all front end components have already been inspected as ok. if not new parts are needed before wasting time on an alignment rack.at a reputable shop....you cant do it yourselfyou do a 4 wheel alignmentDon't do it on your own man alignments are critical take it to a shop
check the dipstick. new oil is not black and dirty like used oil.The lights are not automatically reset. When the technician changes the oil they manually reset the light. Yes, sometimes they forget to do this. If you dont believe they changed it check your oil color. If its a light brown to clear color it has been recently changed. If it appears dark you will want to have them change it.The oil change indicator light has to be manually reset, it sounds as if the mechanic forgot to reset your unit after the oil change. the only way to make sure if the oil was changed is to check the oil level your self. The oil on the dipstick will be darker than new oil, check it before you drop off the car. Put a dab of oil in a white piece of paper before the oil change and then another drop of oil after the change their should a significant difference in color, if not then question the oil change.ask the  oilOkay... A maintenance required light needs to be reset, as a separate function of the oil change being done... you can do either without doing the other.. . Most dealerships operate in good faith, and the work was probabaly done, but the mechanic forgot to reset the light.. The best way to tell if the oil was changed is:  check the dipstick prior to handing the keys over - the oil needing a change will not look new - after the oil change, the oil clinging to the dipstick will be lighter, almost "golden clear" in color... prior to the change the oil can range from dirty black to just a medium or light brown - depending on the length between the last change.No, it needs to be reset manually.  You probably got the oil changed just fine. You'll probably even see a little oil under your car after it sits for awhile, from oil that got spilled while draining.You have to turn the light off manually, so they could have forgot to do it after the oil change.one way to check-what i have done is put a mark on the oil filter before you get your oil changed again. Maybe your initials or something. Then when you get the car back if its got the same oil filter on it you will know. Same for your air filter. . I would say if they drove it in the bay where they changed the oil they probably did it. But it is a good thing to keep an eye on places.No, the light is reset manually. The oil when it gets dirty will look darker brown to black on your dipstick before the oil change. After, the oil will have a golden to light brown color. Checking this is the best way to tell if you didn't see them doing the change.the light does not go out automatically it has to be reset. if the first guy who changed it did not reset the light then i would have to be reset!
Hit it near the edge and it will pivot in the hole so you can yank it out with pliers. Clean up the hole and coat the inside with locktite Then drive the new plug in with a socket that just fits into the plug.same way you would on any other engine block...  its a PITA to do tho....  remove remains of old one, and tap the new one into placePop them out with a screw driver . Dont  hammer into the edges. go right into the middle of it and pop it out . then just tap the new ones in .
It will make commuting very difficult.We will need to ban together and start a new oil company.  Like a farm Coop.Though I dont live in India, but I am sure its gonna fuck all those who are fuel consumers !!What fuel strike?any excuse to jack it up.It is going 2 affect us heavily.fuel strike is a big hazard in every commutrs life, hope so d govt. is efficient and capable to supply us with the neccisities without any restrictions.
to check the wheel speed sensor you simply conduct a continuity check on them with a multimeter. if you get more than .3 ohms of resistance then its bad but check all of them to be sure. the .3 ohms is Chevy standards. Used to be the electrical tech. here in Alaska.When you first turn the key on your lights come on to show that they work it is a test.If the light comes on when you are driving it is letting you know that the system is shut off the Blazer will still stop .You may only be low on brake fluid as your brakes wear down your fluid level goes down adding a little may fix it.But more than luckily one of your speed sensors are bad it is a common problem . I just fixed one this week . the person was lucky the wires were broken i just had to fix them.If you can get a scanner that works with abs systems you should get a code to tell you witch one to look at . if you need more info e mail me
You can't. The stuff in a can doesn't really do much. All decent name brand gasoline's have had better cleaners in them than you get from pep Boys for ten years now. The best thing is to stay away from generic gas. To clean really dirty injectors they have to be removed and put on a machine that keeps them open while sending cleaner through at high pressure.that depends on wether the injector is from a diesel or a gasoline engine if it is from a gas engine you can probaly run down to your local parts store and they will have an addative in a little botttle that you pour into yopur gas and it will clean the injectors as you drive.(if you ask for injector cleaner the store can probaly help you find it)PUT SOME FUEL INJECTOR CLEANER IN WITH THE GAS
They are built in the bottle.  Check out the link belowThe actual process is dependent on the builder's own particular techniques and how the model is designed and built. However, basically one either has to build the model so that it can be taken apart into separate pieces that are small enough to insert through the neck of the bottle, or one has to design and buiild the models so that the masts, spars and sails can be collapsed or folded down to make the model small enough to fit through the neck of the bottle. In actual practice, it takes a combination of these two methods for most sailing ship in bottle type models.They build it inside the bottle from the outside.use a long pair of tweezers or something like that and put each piece inside the bottle individually.. So they build the ship inside the bottle, not outside.Hello!. . It takes a lot of skill and patience to build a ship in a bottle through the bottle's neck.. . I have also seen manufacturers use another method as well: some cut a bottle on half lengthwise down the middle and place the ship in the bottle. Then, they simply fuse the top half of the bottle back onto the bottom half and it gives the illusion that the ship was built into the bottle the conventional way.. . You can tell if this new method was used by looking for a very thin line along the length of the bottle that shows where the glass halves were fused together.Special collapsible rubberised ships...The ship in a bottle is a traditional type of impossible bottle. Other common objects used include matchboxes, decks of cards, tennis balls, racketballs, Rubik's cubes, padlocks, knots and scissors.. . In nearly every impossible bottle, the object inside has been carefully disassembled and reassembled inside the bottle. For example, to get a deck of cards inside a bottle, the empty box is first rolled up and inserted, followed by each card one at a time. Using some long forceps and other tools, everything can be put back together again and the result is something that looks impossible without knowing the secret.. . However, contrary to popular belief, a "ship in a bottle" is ussually, first assembled outside of the bottle, then placed inside. This then seems impossible, without knowing the secret of the ship.. . Some ships are assembled whole with the masts hinged and lying flat against the deck. The ship is placed inside the bottle and then the masts are pulled up. Other times, especially with broader beamed ships like motor boats, the ship is reassembled in the bottle. This of course requires specialized long-handled tools, a keen eye, good coordination, and lots of patience.Commercially, they just cut the bottom of the bottle, slip in the ship, and "glue" the bottom of the bottle.. . Very seldom now do you find a ship that was actually built inside the bottle.... . Too bad, as it is quite a feat.
Why would you want to?  I t would look like crap and cost you a bundle of money.  Are you using it for off roading?  85 Cutlass is a classic, why screw it up?Its an 85 cutlass not an 05 yukonget a ford u idiot they are. First. On. Race. Dayair shocks , we did it all the time when I had my speed shop in new yorkwell you can get lift spindles for an s-10 2wd pickup and the rear you can just get longer coil springs. and don't forget to extend your brake linesair bag the car fool ...dont put air shocks .thats lame ..
they doo have more environmentally friendly cars all the known car fuel types are, hydrogen genorators: use of water mixed with a speacial chemical that seperates hydrogen and oxygen molicules however leaving you riding on liquid oxygen wich is extremely flammable, solar power: the fuel type that requires a person to ride on alot of batteries and undre solar pannels wich get very hot in the day while charging your batteries, base electric cars: runs entirely on electric however yould you like youre electricity bill ater all the car charging that month so tell me what you think now.If it's so easy, you do it.There are vehicles that have been made to run off of different oils and water. However the different oils that have been tested are very corrosive and so parts coming into contact with the oil have to be replaced periodically. With cars that run off of water, they are very combustible. The hydrogen and oxygen must be separated until the last minute or an explosion is very possible.There has, the problem is cost effective mass production.  Also if they are too complex, who would repair them.Somebody did make a solar powered vehicle, I heard about it in grade school.  I believe one of the big car companies bought the rights and since quashed the whole idea.  I don't remember why that happened.ethanol (E-85), propane, water, electricity, bio diesel, yeah i think there are some other options out there, just not very popular that's allDo some searching on the internet.  We have electric cars, cars that run on water, cars that run on veggie oil etc...You mean something like a vehicle that would run on ethanol, (alcohol made from corn) for example, or maybe one that runs off battery power?  Gee, I don't know.they have...propane, electricy and watermanufacturers have other problems to worry about, such as how many cup holders the vehicle needs, and what fabric pattern to use on the interior.they have, there are vehicles that run on electricity, propane, solar power, and they even have fuels made out of grains like canolla, etc...
You have the 8.8 inch rearend.  Your gears are 3.55.  If you look closer to the bolt the tag is attached with, you will see the "3" in front of the 55 88 0F2T, if there is an "L" between the 3 and the 55, such as 3 L 55 88 0F2T you have the limited slip rearend, no "L" is a conventional.call the dealer and give him the vin # he can tell you   or jack up the truck and spin one rear wheel one rev and count the # of times the driveshaft turn,if its goes 4times (driveshaft) you have 4.00  if its goes 3and a half times you have 3.55 and so on  good luckIf you jack up one wheel and spin it around, you have to double it.  It won't work if you have posi.. . another way is to mark the driveshaft and the ground at the rear tire, then roll the truck forward till the wheel makes one revolution, and count the times the driveshaft turns, like 3:1, it's not exact but will git you close, the exact way is to pull the cover and  count the teeth :)look in The glove box it mite have the tag in it. i would say you have got a 3.55 maybe a 3.73. The tire rotation trick works the best to find out.
Go to www.carfax.com they'll have your truck historyGlad you asked... turns out a friend of mine bought it and three weeks later he ran into the back of a manure truck and totaled the thing. Fortunately he was OK, but he has this huge aversion to shyst. The truck was then sold to a farmer and the part used to fix his truck and the rest of the part were turned into gopher traps.The best part for the farmer is that everywhere he used the parts his crops grow extra fast from all the shyst that was all over it. The farmer is as happy as a pig in shyst.
It's the entire front section ("clip" is just an expression of the trade) of a car, that is cut from a similar car at a wrecking yard and then attached to the damaged vehicle by a body shop.replacing a front clip should not involve any welding.  It is the bumper and front fenders and the hood if needed.  All those items bolt on and off therefore not sure why every one is mentioning the welding issue.the front clip its the front of the car from the a pillar to the bumper , the a pillar is where the windshield isThere is an extreme amount of clips on vehicles...  Could it be another word for something else?the front clip is the whole front of another car welded on to the smashed car. its usually from the windshield posts down to  the ffront.i work at an autobody shop, contrary to what the others are saying about "welding"  the front of a car onto another car, that is called a "front half job", a front clip consists of, left and right fenders, bumper, bumper support, core supprt (this part IS welded), and sometimes hood. there are a few other small parts in a front clip, but it would take to long to list them all.you want to find a similar car that has been wrecked in the rear as you need the whole front end replaced, I would go to a junk yard!just ask the mechanic to show you what piece needs to be replaced.  That may help you the best.. . Good Luck
Fuckin KIASeriously?!. . This has to be a joke, but okay, here goes.. . The answer is, all cars starting with the Ford Model T.  Henry Ford's creation of the assembly line made all automobiles from the Model T to the latest models coming off the line affordable to manufacture and thusly affordable to purchase.Model T. . Now that we have that established. Anyone with a computer "which apparently you have" can access this information within 10 minutes. . . For the benefit of the readers in this section, I will mention that a Model T Ford could be had in any color the customer wanted. Just as long as that color was black. (black paint dries faster than any other color, this sped up the production line)
You may have disconnected the mass air flow meter which will make the car do all those things, if you're lucky enough to get it running at all. Make sure you double check everything you disconnected, and everything in the general area that you were working on, you may have accidentally disconnected some electrical connector, or knocked off a vacuum line, you might have even knoked off a spark plug wire from the engine or a coil.mOST PEOPLE DONT UNDERSTAND THAT WHEN YOU PUT ON THAT TYPE OF AIR FILTER WHAT YOU HAVE DONE IS CHANGE THE FUEL AIR MIXTURE. YOU HAVE SUPPLYED MOR AIR AND THUS STARVE IT FOR FUEL. THAT IS SHY IT STALLS, IT IS NEEDING MORE FUEL NOT MORE AIR.. DID YOU READ THE INSTRUCTIONS ON WHAT TO DO ABOUT THIS?. IN SOME CASES IT TELLS YOU TO CHANGE THE CONTROLL CHIP THAT CONTROLLS THE FUEL, SO IT WILL SUPPLY MORE FUEL LONGER.CHECK VACUM HOSES . CHECK YOUR INSTALLATION OF INTAKE COULD BE LEAKING AIRSounds like a vacuum leak.  Is it idling high/ rough; if so that's the culprit.
The Battery is under the left or right side panel Didconnect terminals and remove. Have fun dayUnder your butt, just raise the seat and look.The battery is under the seat.. To remove the seat - remove the 2 allen head bolts holding the F seat.. The bolts are on the L&R sides of the F seat, near the rear.. Lift up the rear of the seat and pull it towards the rear of the bike.it should be located under the seat
If it is designed to be recharged (i.e Lead-acid, ni-cad, li-ion etc) then it can be recharged. Use a 6V charger.. . Good LuckYes with a compatible charger but make sure you put the positive and negative clips of the same side as each other!With a 6 volt dc charger.Do you mean recharged? or replaced w&#92; 12 v system. A 6v trikle charger is cheap.If the battery is labeled as rechargeable, then it can be recharged.  The easiest way is to ask the hardware store clerk for help to buy a charger.
I never heard of that company, but it is surprising that the Star of Life is not on them.  Every ambulance I have ever seen has one."Star of Life" isn't a requirement for an ambulance.
Try cream of mushroomGo here : http://www.z-spec.com/catalog.htm. . and click on 'Grand-Am' and then 'Performance' .. about 2/3 the way down the page you'll see a supercharger kit. Will work on your 3.4L motor, but is pricey ($4000). . . As far as cheaper speed, intake/exhaust is the only decent option. Combine it with improved plugs, better motor oil (full synthetic), and you'll see a decent if not amazing upgrade in smoothness and performance. Watch out for excessive noise from your exhaust mods, some people like it, others don't. . . If you're really crazy, and don't mind shortening the life of your engine somewhat, have a local tuner drop you a 50 shot of nitrous... . If I were you, I would look for another vehicle if performance is what you're after :)The car is not a race car what you got is all you got.Putting on a cold air intake is a lot of money for very little.If you wanted a car that has more motor why did you buy a v/6 I know why for gas mileage.Every thing you do to increase horse power you loose gas mileage,the old saying is if you make horses you got to feed them.If you change the exhaust,muffler a v/6 sounds bad and that is not good cold air intake cost what 300.00or so to get 10to15 HP,not worth the problem or cost you got what you got need to leave it along the motor want last very long trying to make a race car out of a 3.4 v/6 not meant to beIn addition to the cold air intake, you can bolt on a high performance exhaust.. . By controlling the exhaust flow, you can keep the internal exhaust resistance to a minimum which increases torque.. . While you're at it, consider a firmer suspension.if it all black just put 24s on it lol!isn't it supe up as in super, anyways, you could get a turbo or twin turbos, or NOSRemove radiator cap, have someone move car very far out of the way, then have another person pull under the radiator cap with a 68 Camaro with a 400 small block in it and reinstall radiator cap ----. . . LOL --- Good Luck.Don't do a "cold air intake" This wont give your car or any other car for that mater any more Horse Power. The reason is that your car has a stock engine with a stock computer programme. Every thing in a car today is made to work together. If you change one thing on it then you will up set every thing else.. Did you ever wonder why a Honda civic with just a big muffler and a cold air intake just makes a lot of nose and doesn't go any where and some times blows out black smoke from the exhaust? This is because the car running rich which means that is getting to much fuel and their for is accelerating slower and wasting more gas. Your car will do the same thing shore it will sound better but it will be slower and you might even get a rotten egg smell. That smell is excess fuel in side the catalytic converter that is slowly burning off. So if you really want to make your car go faster than you will have to get your cars computer reprogrammed this alone will give you an extra 20 horse power. then next you can go for a larger throttle body and a cat back exhaust.if your an impala fan like me i would say, Go find some body with mid 60's to even early 70's impala trade with them.  get a new carb, dual exhaust. that set me back about $900. and i saw massive improvements.nope, try weight reduction. performance is not cheap.Find an online forum that's dedicated to that model of car, or one with the same engine, and get tips from the people there.502 cu.in. Big Block or put a performance chip in the computerTrade it for an LS or SS
You have a compressor, Condenser, Evaporator, the hoses, the gas that is in it. Not sure what you want here. as far as maintenance take it to a shop where they have the correct equipment to repair and recharge the system. Do not do it yourself unless y ou have the correct equipmentparts...compressor...drier, condensor..depending on the car either orifice tube or "H" block.  Maintenance is normally just checking for freon...if your compressor is bad then it's a whole different story.. . anyhow...that's the basics.
sounds like timing is out or you may need a servising and filter changeit could be the plugs,or you timings outITS COLDIT SHUDDERS TO THINK ABOUT THE WAY YOU DRIVE!!you might have a lose engine mountsounds like its got a miss fire, its common for coil packs to fail on these cars, get it checked!give the car a good service change plugs leads oil an air filter plus put some good oil inCheck the engine stabiliser, favourite for going on these cars.. It's located at the back of the engine at the bottom and looks kinda like a figure 8, two bolt to change it and should cost about £50 maximum from a local motor factors.WELL, GET A TUNE UP, CHECK TIMING AND PLUGS, AND GOOD LUCK.give it a good service.. all filters & plugs, put some injection cleaner in the fuel tank. if that dont work then it needs to go to renault & pluged in to the computer
There is something drawing electricity from the battery other than the alarm.  You need to take your vehicle to a shop and let them find the problem.the electrical system on your car is charging properly.  The alternator is not recharging your battery enough to have enough power in reserve to power alarm activation and start the car.  . . That is if your alarm is not going off all night.
if the light is on and means it has set a code, and also means that the ABS portion of the brake system is inoperable, you now have conventional system, when the light is on the anti lock system will not work, with the light on OK, need to be check by the dealer of someone who is certified in ABS repair its the lawABS is your anti lock brake system. Take it in, too hard to fix yourself.Sounds like a dirty speed sensor.  The speed sensors are located on every wheel hub assembly.  They are a little bullet with wires attached that pick up when they see the teeth on the spider ring-looking thing behind your brake rotor.  They get metal on them from the semi-metallic brake residue and tend to "stick".  Clean the residue off of all pickups and your problem should clear up.  Good luck.You have a problem with the braking system. Take it to a qualified tech and get the codes extracted. That will lead you to the problem.. Master tech 40 yrs.take it to a autozone and they will run it with the computer they got, and it will tell you. if no autozone then something like it. stay away from dealerships cause you will have to pay out of your butt
A quality rubbing compound will work if they are not to deep or wide. Good luckif the scratches only go through the clear coat then you need only wax the surface of the vehicle but if the scratch is into the paint then you'll need to purchase some rubbing compound and use round buffing strokes to smooth out the scratch. follow up by a good waxing after your done you want to let it cure, wash and towel dry. check out your work and repeat if necessarydepends on how deep irt is scratchedThis is a two stage process, with lots of elbow grease, uless you have a buffer.  You'll need rubbing compound, and polishing compound.  Any brand will do.  Just follow intructions and have lots of time to do it, and take your time.A mild rubbing compound and a buffer will do the job.
Sorry, sounds like a lot of drama but you were driving without a license or insurance.  Not to mention, from what you described, if I'm understanding correctly, you were at fault.. . I am sorry for all the drama, but in the future, just wait for the truck to clear so you can see safely in all directions.  And don't drive unless insured and licensed.. . In the meantime, look at the bigger picture.  There are people around the world and in your own town that are a worse off than you are.no license...no insurance...let that be a lesson to you....you are lucky you are alive...pay the fines...fix the other persons car...and don't ever do that again.. . I'm sorry if this sounds rude...but what you did was totally irresponsible.  You can afford a computer and the internet...but you can't get a license or have insurance...sorry but you messed up and you have to pay the price...just praise the lord no one was seriously hurt.SORRY TO HEAR THIS  BUT YOU SHOULD NOT HAVE BEEN DRIVING AS YOU SAID YOU DO NOT HAVE A LICENSE AND TO MAKE IT WORSE YOUR LITTLE BROTHER WAS IN THE CAR, I GUESS I SOUND LIKE A DAD ,MY FRIEND SON AND 3FRIENDS WERE KILLED THIS JULY BY AN 19 YEAR OLD WHO HAD NO LICENSE 5 FAMILYS LIVES HAS BEEN CHANGE FOREVERIf you don't have a license, why were you driving in the first place?  So let me see if I have this right.  You were driving without insurance, you failed to yield and caused an accident, and then you left the scene of the accident expecting someone to follow you to talk about the accident, and are somehow surprised that you got tickets for the illegal acts your performed.  Do I have it right so far?  Now what will happen?  You will either go to court when it's scheduled, or they will issue a warrant for your arrest.  You will have fines to pay, and will probably have to get the very expensive SR22 insurance for at least 3 years after you are allowed to get a license.  I'd suggest you look for a job and start saving your money to buy mom a car to make up for wrecking hers, and to pay the fines that are coming.I think the first thing you need to do is take a deep breath and be glad you are ok. Now call your Mom. . . I am assuming that you have already talked to the police, since you said you received multiple tickets?call 1800 die now1, lol dont do that , become a ghost dissapear from the world till you are back to normalI'm not sure where you're located, and laws vary by where you live. Most accidents are reported by the police as being 60% of one person's fault and 40% of the other person's fault. That said it's possible (but rare) that one person would get 100% of the blame. You said that you got multiple tickets so I'm guessing the police came... the good news is that with a lawyer (which can be provided by the state/province with no cost) you should be able to have the tickets reduced or eliminated all together. The fact that you were driving without a license and insurance is brutal...don't know what to tell ya there. I'm not sure how old you are...but definately try getting a job and pitching in with the finances for this so that your conscience is eased a bit. There are many social services available so that you and your family can have thanksgiving. Forsure do your best to exhaust all resources before thinking that life as you know it is pretty much over. There are a TON of places around to help people out...you just have to seek them out. Don't worry..as long as you are physically fine from the accident remember that it could have been much worse and resulted in hospital bills as well. This may take a couple months to get through...but you will get through.Make sure your not hurt or anything.  Most times in car acidents you can screw up your back.  Seek consiling and go to a church or something.whats the ? so u had an accident....they will build more cars. did you learn anything  .50 years from now no one will give a crap.find out what kind of insurance your mom has. if she has full coverage. it looks like you are not on the insurance policy as an insured driver (since you dont have a license)... the only thing you can do is... say your mom was driving it and got into that accident.. someone cut her off and did a hit and run....which it sounds like to me happened... this will only work if your mom has full coverage.. if she only has liability... sorry... you are out of luck... things happen.. breathe....Thats sucks thaT happened to me and i got triple tickets my mom called a loyer and we didnt have to go to court we didnt have insurance either i think but its ok i was frecking out to i thought i was going to never drive a car again now i am really careful with how i drive but you will get over it.Maybe your family can donate money to you so that you can not be introuble i payed with my moms money and i felt really bad.But its what you have to do if youur in that passition so take my edvience and dont worry about it cause it will pass.Your lucky that the guy didnt follow you mind did and he called the police and everythingthose things just seen to happen. i dunno, thnx for the points!!!!I have always been one to start the day as if the day before no longer existed.  "What can I do today to leave a legacy"?  If someone is riding you for your actions - relax, in time they will get over it.  As far as your mom is concerned - If she brings the car issue up simply apologize and then make her proud.  The one thing that parents hold dearest to their children is the ability to raise a child that they can be proud of.  As far as the monetary value - you have learned a valuable lesson (if turning one way is not safe, take the long way) and if you have an accident take responsibility for your actions.  The lesson cost you and your family financially, the trust of your brother (can she drive safe?), and a bit of anxiety.. . Remember to look foreword into the future.  You can waist time dwelling on the past or you can invest time in your future.  Serve those that you love and the rewards will follow.  Keep an eye on your brother, it may have affected him more than your self.. . Make your mom and brother proud to have you as their own.  Face what's coming your way and before you know it you'll pass this little bump in the road.  . . Best of Luck,. BirdDogwant to die? I was in a car crash, I had a severe concussion, I still can't walk, I don't remember a thing about myself.... . and you want to die because your car was hit? . . talk to your mom, there's a way out of any situationFrom the sound of it, if you only totalled the side of the car, and were still able to drive it, so your car wasn't totalled.  It was damaged.. . The cops gave you those tickets for a reason, you broke the law.  Grow up, accept responsibility, and be mature.  Fight the tickets that are unjust (like the B.S. one of failure to avoid an accident) and pay the ones you deserved, failure to yeild, driving w/o a license, and failure to remain at the scene of an accident.. . If you're old enough to pretend you know how to drive, then you're old enough to get a job in most states, do that and help your family.. . PXgo see the doctor and call the insurance company, you do have insurance..........right???????go fight the tickets and contact a lawyeri am so sorry about ur car accident!! :(Wow, you are lucky you werent killed.  I guess you don't want the lecture about how you should not have been driving without insurance OR a licence!! My GOD kid what were you thinking?  And you had your little brother with you too?. . You know, bad as this is, take it as a BIG, BIG lesson in life, because you made a very BIG, BIG mistake.. . Now you must pay for your actions.  You are the one that made the error in judgement, a HUGE error.  . . Now everyone has to suffer for that.  . . This is why they have rules, and laws, and why children should not drive until they safely pass a driver's exam.  Having or not having money is no excuse for anything.  Now you have no car too.. . You will just have to live with your actions.  They are horrifying but think how much worse it could have been.  Your mom could have come home to two corpses.. . You should be giving major thanks and blessings to have your life this thanksgiving. . . I hope you learned a valuable lesson because I would hate to think you would do this again.  What a bad example you set for your little brother and what does your mom have to say about all this?  I certain hope she didn't condone you driving but somehow I get a suspicion she knows...or is it habit for you to steal the car and take your little brother?  I hope you are a minor because you could be charged with a lot of things and you face never being able to afford insurance now for this stunt.hang on there . you shouldn't have driven without license but all's been done . just be calm and everything will turn out fine . takes time. don't rush things .
its behind your glove box. you have to take your glove box out.You have to remove the entire instrument panel, and it is no easy task, a bucket load of screws.  It is a 7 hour job with a professional mechanic working on it, I would not recommend it be done at home unless you know what you are doing.its a chore and if i remember correctly you have to discharge the a.c. system. go to the library and check it out. some of those fords are worth paying someone else to do it, trust me
...ask a dumb question on Yahoo?Tell us more and we'll tell you what to do!Well when it happened to me I just yelled at the woman because I was late for work.  In retrospect I should have sued for a couple of grand.hit it back : ))
windexPlain household white vinegar, in warm water, will cut through that effortlessly.  Also cheaper than commercial cleaners.Stop Smoking, use windex or something to remove hazeIf you own a fairly new car, the material they use for the dashboard emits an emmissions that cling to the glass. It is very difficult to keep this glass clean and clear for long periods of time. Maybe ust a few weeks or so. Use a spray on foam glass cleaner wth ammonia and a clean newspaper for the best results. You may have to do them more than once.. good luck.............windex for carsammonia and water mixed together and wiped on or sprayed on and then wipe off with paper towels then a clean rag, should do a good job.
You are in motorcycles.  The hysterical rumor and conspiracy dept. is two doors down.The Japanese never built a nuke. They had plans too, which is how Russia built theirs because they found the plans. Thats how the cold war started. And Japan surrendered after the U.S. threatened them with another bomb.And this fact has never been reported for what reason?I'd love to see your source for this.  And don't think for a minute the Japanese wouldn't have used it if they had a delivery system.This may really be true! There are reports that the Japanese did detonate a small atomic device Aug. 12 on an island off Hungnam three days before they surrendered. And just like he is saying if it wasn't for the B-29 raid they would have had a bomb three months earlier... If they would have succeeded we would all probably be speaking in Japanese right now and still be at work...No one seems to know that the Japanese never built a nuclear weapon.Where did you get your information from? Any links?
Training, Other Qualifications, and Advancement [About this section]  Back to Top . . Most railroad transportation workers begin as yard laborers; later they may have the opportunity to train for engineer or conductor jobs. Railroads require that applicants have a minimum of a high school diploma or its equivalent. Applicants must have good hearing, eyesight, and color vision, as well as good hand-eye coordination, manual dexterity, and mechanical aptitude. Physical stamina is required for entry-level jobs. Employers require railroad transportation job applicants to pass a physical examination, drug and alcohol screening, and a criminal background check. Federal regulation requires that the driving record of anybody applying for a job operating an engine be checked for evidence of drug or alcohol problems. Similarly, under Federal regulation, all persons licensed to operate engines are subject to random drug and alcohol testing while on duty.. . Applicants for locomotive engineer jobs must be at least 21 years old. Employers almost always fill engineer positions with workers who have experience in other railroad-operating occupations. Federal regulations require beginning engineers to complete a formal engineer training program, including classroom, simulator, and hands-on instruction in locomotive operation. The instruction usually is administered by the rail company in programs approved by the Federal Railroad Administration. At the end of the training period, engineers must pass a hearing and visual acuity test, a safety conduct background check, a railroad operation knowledge test, and a skills performance test. The company issues the engineer a license after the applicant passes the examinations. Other conditions and rules may apply to entry-level engineers and usually vary with the employer.. . To maintain certification, railroad companies must monitor their engineers. In addition, engineers must periodically pass an operational rules efficiency test. The test is an unannounced event requiring engineers to take active or responsive action in certain situations, such as maintaining a particular speed through a curve or yard.. . Engineers undergo periodic physical examinations and drug and alcohol testing to determine their fitness to operate locomotives. In some cases, engineers who fail to meet these physical and conduct standards are restricted to yard service; in other instances, they may be disciplined, trained to perform other work, or discharged.. . Conductor jobs generally are filled from the ranks of experienced rail transportation workers who have passed tests covering signals, timetables, operating rules, and related subjects. Seniority usually is the main factor in determining promotion to conductor. Entry-level conductors generally must be at least 21 years of age and are either trained by their employers or required to complete a formal conductor training program through a community college.. . Newly trained engineers and conductors are placed on the “extra board” until permanent positions become available. Workers on the extras-board receive assignments only when the railroad needs substitutes for regular workers who are absent because of vacation, illness, or other reasons. Seniority rules may allow workers with greater seniority to select their type of assignment. For example, an engineer may move from an initial, regular assignment in yard service to road service.. . For brake and signal operator jobs, railroad firms will train applicants either in a company program or—especially with smaller railroads—at an outside training facility. Typical training programs combine classroom and on-site training and last between 4 and 6 weeks for signal operators and between 10 and 18 weeks for brake operators.. . For subway and streetcar operator jobs, subway transit systems prefer applicants with a high school education. Most transit systems that operate subways and streetcars also operate buses. In these sysThe railroad industry is one you do not hear much about. I have done some research about becoming a railroad engineer myself. And you cannot just become an engineer. The railroad it looks still does thing the old school way. Starting at the bottom and working your way up from there. .      Now I am sure you can probably test out of some positions.. Here is a great website that will answer all your questions about the industry.. http://www.bnsf.com/careers/faqs.html.    If memory serves me correctly, I think there are only two schools that offer training..    Here is another good website to help you. It is the Association of American Railroads.. http://www.aar.org/.     Hope this helps. I wanted to become a railroad engineer myself. I am getting too old now, I think..      Good Luck.Buy a black and white stripy hat and a set of blue dungerees. . 2 points   Kaaaaching!I don't know, but you could probably google or froogle is and find out.Check out a website of a major railroad like Norfolk Southern or BNSF. Look under career opportunities and you can find out all you need to know. Everything from pay scale to everything involved in training.At the UPRR here in North Platte they'll force you out of Switchman class to engine service on the third district. So yes its easy to become one. Secondly they have engineers that are 19 and 20 so the age restriction is a lie. Thirdly I hired with a gentlemen that is 47  and he and I became engineers this last year. They are not in anyway concerned about your age as much as your health, ability to see color, and criminal record.That's what I always wanted to be when I grew up!. . I'd talk to the human resources people at Norfolk Southern & CSX & Amtrak and see what information they can provide you.  Small shortline railroads are coming back into play a lot more these days and I would think the supply of locomotive engineers is probably dwindling over time, so it might be a good potential career field.  I would think it'd probably be easier to "break in" with a big company and then move to a smaller one later.Pay depends on who you work for and what runs your seniority can hold.  . . For Union Pacific western lines, the avg pay is 65-80k for pool jobs, and if you stay marked up 100+ for extra board jobs.. . For UP, you must start off as a brakeman/conductor and when your seniority allows, you can transfer into a engine class.All the above and one other thing.. . Luck.. . These are coveted jobs and the competition for them is considerable.they do the locomotionUnion Pacific has a huge website about working for their railroad company.  I forget what it's URL is, but they usually have brochures all over at colleges, high schools, and libraries within about 500 miles of their railyards.  There's one around Rialto CA.. . FYI, the website has lots of job descriptions, all of which include some of the least pleasant sounding job descriptions around, such as "Applicant must be able to lift and operate heavy machinery, and will be required to work indoors and outdoors in all kinds of heat and weather around dangerous moving machinery...". . I guess that would be true, seeing as how locomotives are dangerous moving machinery, but still...
Depends on which model you're driving.  Look at the owners manual.15 gallons, about 400 miles to  a tank!Owner's Manual.. Or web search.19.5 gallons for the 2004 model. 20.5 gallons for the 2006 model
if it is off the track you'll have to take it apart to reseat it.  check for debris or broken parts that caused it to derail.  With winter coming it's likely to get rainy or snowy and a hole in your roof can cause more serious problems, you may just have to take it to the repair guy.Something else is wrong that caused it to come out the rail. a broken or a loose part. If it came off the track once it will do it again. You can break the glass if you just force it. . . The best way to fix it is dissembling the unit from the rails and reinstall it after inspection.how do you know it's off the track? there is a cable that opens and closes the sunroof that runs off the motor, the cable could be busted.
They just wear out.  The filaments turn to gas when they're hot, and then back to solid when they're off.  The tungsten, halogen, or whatever material the filaments are manufactured with, tend to return to the "wire" form, but they form unevenly, causing weak spots that eventually wear out and break, causing the "burned-out bulb" condition.  Just replace them and be safe.What a vague question. But I did learn two things.... . I didn't know OLDS autos had rear fog lights.. . I also didn't know that filaments turned to a gas, then back to a solid in the same previous shape.
Your system is not bad 'per se'.Those who downshift when slowing down take advantage of the traction to slow down faster and it makes it easier to accelerate again smoothly but all these take their toll on the engine and clutch while your method tends to use the brakes more. Driving schools generally tend to advise drivers to use your system. Just endeavour to execute your slow downs safely and try not to get distractedthat's a gas saving move. you don't want to downshift because this unnecessarily wears down the clutch prematurely.I do the same, put it in neutral and break.  Clutches are more valuable than break pads so, you should definitely try to minimize clutch/flywheel friction/heat/grinding.Hi I am not a mechanic, but my husband is.. It doesn't hurt it, it just slows you down faster. A good thing to remember when roads are wet!. I  once was glad to be driving a stick shift in very wet conditions! The road were flooded and I was coming down a hill into a Hugh pool of water, and began to slide when I hit the breaks. If I had not recalled my husband telling me to down shift, I would have slide into a big traffic jam.It wears your brakes down faster. I don't know about in a car, But it is against the LAW to do that in a tractor-trailer. That is coasting!! You can only have in neutral position when you are in between shifts and when sitting still.it's not bad, it will work your brakes more.  shifting down uses the clutch, tranny, and engine
Remove any set screws or E-clips and pull it off.  Some don't come off which means you will have to buy a new one.if it doesn't have a set screw, it's pressed on and you'll have to use a puller :(if it is pressed on hit the shaft with a hammer,then use a phillips screwdriver an hit that to push the cage off.good luck. ase techHave one person Hold plastic cage hit rod in center on old motor with hammer takes a few hit. Watch your toesif it doesnt have a an E clip throw it in the garbage and buy a new one you cant use a puller on a plastic fan it will def break
Sounds like your car's throttle cable needs to be lubricated... I had similar problem in my car...Its not the linkage, its the throttle blade sticking in the bore. Clean it with carb cleaner.Depends on vehicle.  Had a Dodge pickup that I had to replace the throttle cable every year...Just rusted.  Tried to lubricate, but did not work.  Luckily, not too expensive and easy to change.You have looked down there to see if a mat is in the way I take it.. Maybe spray some WD40 on the moving parts down there.. Have your boyfriend get down there and investigate. . Then if all else fails, take to a mechanic.The linkage needs to be lubricated.Email me for detailsI have know IDEA.... . but your answer about republicans should be represented by a moth was really funny! lol...thought I'd let you know, gave me a chuckle!If it's a ford, there is a recall for sticking throttle bodies.
That wire would have to hook to a starting relay,a smaller relay that can handle the starting amperage.Yes, that wire needs battery + voltage to turn the starter. Read what gdrnch40 wrote if you want to install a starter button. Otherwise, just touch that wire to battery + (be careful of sparks and the wire is going to get hot).
Well, since no specs were given and that model of sub doesn't seem to exist (I couldn't find it). I can't help you much other than having you go here:. . http://spkrbox1.spaces.live.comIf you mean the Pioneer TS-W3004SPL (closest thing I could find), then you want to run the + from both voice coils to the + on the amp, and the - from both voice coils to the - on the amp. This will give you a 2ohm load and that amp should get all its power at 2ohms.  Hope this helps.
There is a few agencies for this like Cars on film etc, but I have heard many bad reports of cars being damaged. Nobody loves the car like you do, and the people using them are not enthusiasts - they just want a quick shot and thats it. I've heard of some peoples rare cars being destroyed too.. I certainly would not consider letting any of mine being used, regardless of how much they pay.I do not know the answer to your question, but it is a good one. We havae a 1959 Mercedes 220S. I would like to know the answer to your question for the Eastern Shore area of MD. We traveled to Maine once when they were filming "Man Without  a Face", Mel Gibson. That day they were only allowing cars in town that were of the right vintage for the story, so we could not go in to catch our boat for a schooner cruise. They cruise people met us out of town, where we parked and we were allowed to walk through town and eat at the extras tent. They had advertised in the local papers for people who had cars of the right vintage. They have recently made 2 pictures on the Eastern Shore, but I saw no advertisement.They did have a cattle call for extras.ok im guessing but first take some photos of it and make it a CV up age model colours etc, then send copies of it's CV to theatrical agencies and modelling agencies saying your willing for them to use it
because the dog is driving and the blind person picks the order from the back seat.it's because the atm's are used inside too if you were blind would you want somone to know your pin and all i dont think soDrive thrus have braile for the simple reason that the company that makes the machines puts brail on them all. They are mass produced and not specifically inteded for a drive through.They could be in the passenger seat.  It's easier to read braille than to have the driver read the whole menu to you.Usually its easier to take your blind partner or friend or whatever through the drive through.  Some blind people are embarrassed to eat in a restaurant because of the fact that human nature makes it impossible to be comfortable doing anything with people whispering about you in the background when you get food all over the place.It is for people that a blind.
Honda has a problem with this.  The hotter it is, the more HP the A/C compressor will take.  Combine this with rotten engine valves and you have a recipe for stalling engines.Sounds like an electical power drain, the A/C is drawing more power than the car can provide, It could be that your Genarator is not working as it should, or the A/C is faulty. Check both.Sounds as if the car might be idling too low.  I have had this happen before.  My truck was idling really low and when I would turn on the a/c, which has a compressor, the truck would die.  The compressor does take up some power.idle is tooo low when ac compressor comes on engine should rev up higher to keep it from stalling.  if its not revving up then it could be that the switch on the compressor is messed up and isn't uping the idle when its turned on.  its just putting too much load on the motor
u may have to take it to the dealer or call the dealer ship and ask them it cost nothing to ask.take the fuse outWas this an alarm that was added to the car after it was new? If it is, there should be a valet switch under the dash board( Driver side) near the fire wall. Its a small toggle switch that lets you disarm the alarm but allows the locks to still function. If you have one, turn the ignition to "on" but don't start the car. Move the toggle switch to the opposite position, your disarm light should light. up at this time. If you have two buttons on your remote,turn the ignition to "on" but don't start the car, keep the drivers door open,.  press and hold the #1 button for 3 seconds, release it and press and hold the #2 button for 3 seconds and release it,  finally press and hold the # 1 button again for another 3 seconds and release it. That should cause the red disarm light to stay lit. Do the same to re-arm the alarm . That was the basic instruction for both my car alarms from two different manufactures.. . Good luck...turn key to on posion and wait for light to go out it comes on by its selfThe pass key system if not made to be turned on and off. It is always on.
Corolla is an older design. Newer cars are designed better and use better materials therefore making them lighter. Try looking at the weight of the old Civic. Perhaps the Corolla was lighter than that.The Corolla still gets better gas mileage than the Civic thanks to Engine gearing.. . Also, the Civic is marketed more to "boy and girl racers" while the Corolla is a family vehicle.Honda and Mazda are both sportier models, and maybe uses lighter materials.  Both are good reliability though.  My wife has a 2006 Corolla, seems a bit taller longer and just bigger than others.The Corolla body is an old design.  Honda and Mazda have developed bodies using stronger materials and are therefore lighter.Also keep in mind that while the engine size is one part of the size of a vehicle, the body is the major part of the weight of the vehicle.  The corolla is taller and many of the components are a bit larger(seats as one example).  It is true that the vehicle is an older design, but the overall size of the vehicle and the composition of the components that go into it are much more of a factor.. . wnyken
An RCA pre out is the RCA jacks that come out of a head unit that you plug in to an amplifier to power speakers. No you would not plug an mp3 in to these, you must have a head unit with RCA input to plug in an mp3 player. Or in an ALPINE head unit you would connect through the Ai interface.That depends on what mp3 player and what car radio. Some car radios come with connections for an ipod. But those won't work with non-ipod players.. . Otherwise, you're looking for AUX input on the radio, which it may or may not have. You may need a special cable to connect to the AUX input--one that is specific to your manufacturer. Check the manual. Typically the AUX cable plugs into the back of the radio and has two RCA jacks (ie, the kind of plugs on the back of your home stereo, VCR, etc). Then you attach an RCA to miniplug cable to that, and plug that into the headphone jack or AV out plug on your player, whichever you have.no u can buy something 2 the apple store verry ez. or use a line in rcaRCA pre-out are for amplifier connections.. . You can get an FM transmitter that broadcasts your MP3 to your radio. Just tune to the right frequency and your there. Get the kind that uses the cigarette lighter plug for power, otherwise you'll be buying batteries every 3 days.
You need the replacement panel, a mig welder and a fair bit of know-how. Please don't be offended, but if you need to ask, you probably haven't the necessary skill.cut and weld it. carefully, the metal warps easilyCut out old wield in new dont think they are available from RR .
You need to own a garage or tow company to achieve a mechanic's lien. Why don't you just get your son to fax you a bill of sale and go from there.You can get a mechanic lien against a vehicle if you are a repair shop that has worked on it and they didn't pay or pick it up, or if you are a tow service that did a police tow and the vehicle was unclaimed.  . . Since it's your son's car, just get in touch with him, have him sign the title over to you if he no longer wants the car, or give you his power of attorney to act on his behalf if it wants to keep it, and then you can take care of the legalities and drive it.Have your son give you power of attorney and then you can get it registered  and taged.
If you go to the best Cadillac dealer near you  and talk real nice the service manager will know that you won't do any thing bad to the rep. and he will  probably set-up a time that you can see that rep.    YOU must tell the service mgr. what  car you drive and what problem you have and be honest----- if you get mad at the serv. mgr. you  have just screwed yourself........take the time to organize your complaint and be nice ---- You get more with honey than vinegar........these people want to have good customer relations and if you want solution ____ be nice.Go through the dealer
please do not ask such a question as u dont have the tools or the knowledge to complete such a swap i am not trying to be mean but am trying to be realistic as i own my shop and kids come to me all the time with 4 banger cars like urs asking the same question what would u charge and can it be done. the swap can be done but not by u only someone who has been building and customizing and modifing cars for years could pull off such a swap. dont bother. if u want to go fast go to ebay. type the word drag car in the search box and buy one already done save u alot of time and trouble please consider my words as i have a son that wants what u want and i have told him time and time again its a wasteit costs a lot more when you get into fuel injection.absolutely
cut the wire.press the button on the keychain remote.. . seriously, there's probably a series of button presses required to deactivate it.. . look in the handbook.well lets see now... either you own the car and cant read the instructions.. or your a car theif and you want to steel one...either way i wouldnt have a clue but my personal preference of tackleing probs sush as yours is hit it with somthing really hard eg a shotgun. sorry i cant help but i couldnt resist poking s hit at ya..ha ha ha ha um..gotta go now.
What safe filter?Ya gotta give us more than that. What in the world are you talking about??
the easiest way is to take it to a dealership and have it done.  nissans are a pain in the butt to do yourself1.      Close and lock all doors with the driver’s side power lock/unlock switch.. .  2.      Insert key into ignition and remove it from the ignition key cylinder at least six times within 10 seconds. Your Hazard Lamps will flash if you have performed this step successfully.  ( Withdraw key completely from ignition cylinder each time ) . If this procedure is performed too fast, system will not enter programming mode.. .  3.      Insert key into the ignition cylinder and turn to the ACC position.. .  4.      Within 5 seconds, push ANY button on the keyless remote. Your Hazard Lamps should flash. ( Do not press the button more than one time in the above step). If the button is pressed more than one time, the programming procedure will not be successful.. .  5.      If there are any remaining remotes (including the old ones), unlock then lock all doors using the driver’s side power lock/unlock switch and within 5 seconds, push ANY button on the next remote. Your Hazard Lamps should flash. Repeat this step for each keyless remote (including any existing keyless remotes).. .  6.      Turn the key to the OFF position, remove keys from the ignition, unlock doors using the driver’s side power lock/unlock switch and open the driver side door.Instructions here:. . http://www.nissanhelp.com/Ownership/Common/reprogram_key_fob.htmi own a repair shop,and on most of them if you,ll look in the owners manual it tells exactly how to do it for your vehicle,some use a code,and if yours does it will be written in the manual somewhere,but this is the only way i know of to do it,,good luck,i hope this help,s.
Yes. Build a low profile mount for the new speakers and center them over the existing holes. This will prevent you from having to make the existing hole any larger and allow you to re install the old speakers if/when you decide to sell the car.make the hole bigger...otherwise you'd be trying to put a square peg in a round hole!
The chief pilot who flies  a commercial flight is known as the commander of the flight.  As the names suggests, he is in charge of the plane as long as it is in flight and he is solely responsible for everything that happens during the flight.  All other crew members including the first officer (2nd pilot) report to him. He is also responsbile for the safety of the passengers and the aircraft.  Commander is who commands the aircraft and his word is final.  . Air Force pilots are not authorised to fly commercial flights as longs as they do not hold commercial pilot licence.  They are flying military aircrfts such as fighter planes.  There are many Air Force pilots who fly passenger aircrafts of the military.  . If an Air Force pilots wants to fly a commercial aircraft he has to first join the Commercial Airline and get the necessary endorsement to fly the commercial aircraft which he wants to fly.  This is given after completing the necessary class room training and flying training.  For example, a pilot who is flying an Airbus aircraft can not fly a Boeing aircraft unless he holds licence to fly both these aircrafts as method of flying and cockpit are different for each aircraft.The Pay!Role of a pilot is to fly a plain.. . Pilots fly different kind of plains.. . Air force or other pilots all have to be certified to fly a particular plain. Some may be certified to fly more then one plain.. . Each certification requires training on the the plain and on simulator and the test by a qualified examiner.. . Some plains in Air force are identical to commercial plain.Role of a pilot is to ensure the safe and secure flight right from source to destination. Objective for different pilots are different.  Flying conditions are also varying for commercial and Air force pilots. One drawback which commercial pilots have is they can’t do emergency exit in case of crash landings....... Air force pilots are on a mission ............... whereas civil pilots are on a regular civil flight ..............The main difference between commercial and military pilots is, if you're a former Soviet pilot, you can shoot down a commercial airplane, but not the other way around.pilot IS A Person who flies Aircraft or Helicopters.. People who join the Air Force of a particular country are trained to fly Fighter Aircraft and trained for WARFARE and given training in combat and their mental agility is fine tuned to the nuances of peace and war.. the Commercial pilot instead flies CIVILIAN Aircraft for various Comercial airlines, chartered planes and helicopters.Commercial pilot fly planes that transport people from 1 place to another. You have alot of people life on ur joystick. If u screw up, u better perished as well.. . Fight pilot fly planes to destroy things and kill people. If u screw up, eject, wait for rescue, fly another plane and get the people that  made u float down to earth and shortening ur spineCommercial pilots are civilians and work as pilots for money. They generally don't drop bombs on and/or kill people. That is what air force pilots do.A pilot flies aircraft. Airforce (and other military) pilots do their job for a military objective. Commercial pilots get paid to fly aircraft in a non-military capacity.Airforce pilots are military...commercial pilots are civilianThe FAA regulates the licensing of civilian commercial pilots in the US, they do not regulate the Military pilots. Military pilots that transition from military aircraft to civilian must pass the FAA requirements and testing. However their flight training and hours as pilots due count, and make the transition far easier that a civilian.The role of a pilot is to fly the aircraft safely.. The difference is Tax payers pay for AF pilots and not for commercial self funded ones.some commercial pilots may have gone to flight school,   most air force heavy equipment pilots ( C130 cargo planes) go on to do commercial aircraft,. . most fighter pilots do notThe airforce has a duty to fullfil. The airforce pilot gets info from the carrier or base at NT ot NR175, and further notices if they are going on a anti or a subcopic mission.The role of a pilot is to operate an aircraft. There are many different types of operations. . . Examples: . Instructor Pilot - Teaches flying at various levels. Private Pilot - Personal transportation for business or pleasure. Commercial Pilot - Flys for hire.      e.g. Scheduled airlines, cargo, charter. AG Pilot - Crop duster. Fire Fighting Pilot - Fights forest fires. Corporate Pilot - Flys company executives. Military Pilot - Air defense missions . News Reporter Pilot - Aerial observation of news and traffic. Sight-seeing Pilot - Air tours of scenery. Aerobatic Pilot - Performs stunt flying. . The general idea is to operate the aircraft for the intended mission in the safest manner. The pilot has many concerns, including airworthiness of the aircraft, planning the flight and weight distribution.
THE ZR2 IS LIKE THE Z71 IN FULL SIZE PICKUPS, 4 WHEEL DRIVE, BIGGER RIMS AND OFF ROAD SUSPENSION.He is right but they also get a upgraded sway bars and four wheel disk brakes I believe. The zr2 is also taller and has fender flares.In fact, expanding on previous posts, the ZR2 designation has to do with the off-road package, including usally bigger wheels and tires, fender flares, skid plates, and general off-road additions. Although the s-10 pickup came with a ZR2 option group, so did the s-10 blazer, so the basic answer is an s-10 is a truck, and ZR2 is an option package.springs shocks wheels and tires. All larger on Zr2S-10 is the model of the vehicle, ZR2 is the RPO code that specifies the options, which look to have been covered in the first couple responses.
There's several ways to lower it, but one is just perfect for when you want to lower a truck and want to make no changes to the springs. That would be to get a set of drop spindles. These replace the section of the suspension where the wheels attach and relocate that point so that the truck sits lower. They're available for most trucks and should be just about perfect for what you are looking to do.add more metal to the front(like at minimum 200 lbs) weld additions to the frame, suspension, add a brush guard and you could always put a snow plow assembly on, that should bring it down some.Can try them cheapo spring compressors, but isn't good for the springs.  Good luck.have you tried the torsion bars? try heating the springs with a torch that will drop it but it is not the right way"Buy shorter springs" is the best answer as that will lower the vehicle and keep the suspension normaized.  Be careful though as your shocks may go bad if you use springs that are too short for their tolerance.
It's not the safest job in the world, and if it's like other states the hours can be like 12 hours a day.Here is a link to a real New York Cab Drivers Blog Page.  Very informative.. http://newyorkhack.blogspot.com/. . . . . . --------------------------------------------------------------------------------. . To see more posts, click on the monthly links. . in the "Archives" section of the sidebar.U can make prety good money in cab $200.00 to $500.00 a day. but risk if u get robbed. sence ur in the arm u dont have to wory about it.
Trackerrr.. is correct that newer cars are timed via computer controls.. . Older cars. (Mid 1990s and before). 1. Warm up car, then turn off.. 2. Pull vacuum lines from distributor and plug them.. 3. Connect timing light to #1 wire. 4. Start engine. 5. Shine timing light down towards timing marks on harmonic balance by crank shaft. . 6. Set timing by loosening distributor and turning it a tad. There should be a sticker on the hood to let you know how many degrees BTDC you need to set the timing.. 7. Tighten distributor.. 8. Recheck timing.Most cars with coil packs have an ECU which sets the timing automatically.
Push down on the corner of the car multiple times. Basically, you're bouncing the corner of the car. Let go. If the car smooths out within 1 cycle (up and down), then the shock/strut on that corner is good. However, if it continues to "modulate" after you stopped "bouncing" it, then the shock/strut is mostly likely worn.Struts are on front, get BIG friend to push down on both corners at fender or bumper area. If they immediately rebound, probably struts are weak. If they rebound slowly, they are still working.. DO NOT attempt to change! Requires special equipment.the quick way is to push down on the fender above the wheel if the car gives down a lot or easily its bad. if it does not give at all its bad also. if the car has been in a wreck there is a chance that the strut could be bent and its hard to detect wothout pulling the strut and checking if off the car.Easiest way is to look and see if any of them are leaking oil. A bad strut usually leaks oil from the top and will run down the sides. If they appear to be dry bounce the front or rear of the car and see if it bounces more than three times before it stabilizes. Good luck.
it is a night mare!! i ended up putting a band aid over the damn thingYou'll have to take it to a shop that has the computer technology to turn it off.Easy !!. . Jump into the car hold down the trip button on the dashboard switch the ignition on continuing to hold the button down the screen will show a value counting from 10 to 0 then as soon as the value is at zero there will be a symbol showing =   thats when to remove your finger off the button then switch ignition off then on then thats the job done !!Perhaps try disconnecting the battery for a few hours.Take it to your local peugot dealer to have the service done.
First answer is good. he didn't explain where exactly. It is easy. Follow the top hose on your radiator to the engine block. There should be an elbow shaped fitting with two bolts. The thermostat is about $5-$15, the gasket is $2. If the car was warm enough last winter get the thermostat in the same temp rating.. . Make the surface of the block and the elbow fitting clean. Don't gouge the metal with a screwdriver. Ask the parts house if you need sealant.. . BE SURE and note how the old thermostat sat in the hole. Some shade tree mechanics put the thermostat in upside down. Make sure the elbow is totally flat on the gasket -- no metal or screws holding it off the block before you finger tighten and then wrench it down. Modern cars can have aluminum parts. Not overtight.I don't have experience with your particular car but most thermostat replacements are relatively easy.  They are usually right up front on top.  Usually just remove two bolts. and remove the housing and thermostat.  Then you MUST. clean the mating surfaces on both the engine and housing.  Then just drop in the new thermostat and apply sealant (RTV) to the housing and reinstall.There are several different engines in that car. The most common is the 3.0L single cam. Labor time is 1.1 hours.. http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y22/tech30528/62444280.gif. . This is the 3.0L twin cam, 1.3 hours.. http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y22/tech30528/62444281.gif. . And the SHO 3.4L, 1.8 hours.. http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y22/tech30528/62444282.gifCost about $5. With the engine cold, follow the top radiator hose over to the engine. Where it connects is the Thermostat. Disconnect the hose and remove the two bolts. The new Thermostat come with a gasket.You need to find where the waterneck is on the manifold of your Taurus. The thermostat should be sitting right there under the hose where it connects on the manifold. Cost for the part should be about $5-$10. Saving your knuckles from getting busted up and using a professional to install will run you about another $85. Should be about a half hour job.If it's equipped with the 3.0L OHV, follow the upper rad hose to the thermostat housing, directly under the throttle body. There are three 8mm bolts that secure the housing to the intake manifold. Install the new thermostat with the bleed hole UP (the 12 o'clock position). Hope this helps.
goose neck has a ball on the truck bed and the 5th wheel is like a semi with a pin that slides into a plate and locks inThe hitch, the way they connect to the towing vehicle.. . Goose neck is like a trailer ball, while a 5th wheel is a plate like the semi trucks use.a goose neck has the ball in the bed           a fifth wheel has a plate in the bed,i like fifth wheel betterthe neck of a goose neck trailer is narrower than a fifth wheel one mainly because of turning radiusthe goose neck trailer has a long arm that the hitch is on and the hitch plate is almost flush in most applications( and will clear a tailgate ). . the fifth wheel hitch is mounted directly to the trailer and the hitch is on a platform ( this requires a special tailgate or no tailgate )
The top two answers are correct. But, as I already answered in your other two posts, YOUR VEHICLE DOES NOT HAVE A PICK-UP COIL.You must be blond huh?The pick up coil sends the spark from the distributor to the cylinder head.The pickup coil is actually a sensor that converts magnetic force into a voltage signal that the computer uses to keep track of the engine's rotation. Hope that helps.. -Jeff
It was his brother,.Maybe they were using a bus lane or was driving in a lay byWhats a traffic warden got to do with someone going down a street the wrong way?  Thats why they let him off because its nothing to do with them its a police offence not a parking one!This is a police matter not a traffic warden matter. Until the car is parked the traffic warden has no right to prosecute.The traffic warden was in the taxi so they didnt mind. IS that the answer?He was walking!Because he was walking. Now give me my ten points for best answer.shut up stupid niggaIt was outside the savoy hotel where the road system is reversed you drive on the right instead of on the left
Are you talking about the BMW Isetta from the 50's. It was actually Italian from what I read and produced by BMW and also the British under license agreements.  Was one of the most dangerous cars on the road at the time, though very cheap and economical.  Had only the front opening door with the steering column mounted on it.  Two small wheels side by side in the back and the two wider ones in the front made for some "strange" handling as well.  I can't remember who actually designed it, but thought that it was one of the Italian scooter companies trying to get into the car market.  Went by several different names depending on where produced and the BMW Isetta was the one sold in the U.S. for a short time.It ended up a BMW !!!!! and never got any better...LOL!!!cute, economical car, but totally unsafe and not suited for driving in the USA, still a few around for collectors, you could look into the Auto Trader or Ebay, not worth a lot of money unless you desperately want one and the seller knows that.  They went the same way as the Messerschmidt, no sales, no service facilities, equals no production.It never evolved the mini over took it .
It circulates the cooling water round the engine to stop over heating. If it takes the water from the river or sea there will be a filter to prevent weed being sucked in, you will need to clean this or it could block the circulation. Follow the inlet pipe and see if you can see anything. It'll vary from boat to boat.motorboats use a scavenger pump to cool the engine..they donty have radiators like a car. . . you clean it with a wire brush...A cooling pump is what it says, a pump which takes in water from the river/lake,sea, and circulates around the engine, and then ejected. Where the pump tube joins the engine, there will probably be a filter.Undo the bolts from the fitting to the engine, draw it off, there you will probably find the filter. Did on mine, anyway, although I am sure there are many variations on this. To clean it, just give it a good rinse, wash and brush up, and return it to its housing. You may need a new gasket, but that can be made quite easily from some fibre material, or even  cardboard.
Actually, they put those stickers on dump trucks in areas that are structurally weak or not strong enough to be used to push the truck. Sometimes, if a dump truck is stuck for example, they can be pushed - if they are pushed on the areas with those stickers, the truck body is not strong enough to handle being pushed.You don't want to anger a dump truck!!that sign is for me, im kinda strongHaha I've never noticed thatActually it is on there since the frame is not designed to take the load of being pushed. Or there may not be anyplace safe for a dozer or a loader to push on without damaging the electrical, hydrualic or airbrake system.okthe bodies are made of aluminum, if you push on the container section they will crumple like a soda can, atime consuming and expensive fixI don't think Dump truck drivers are necessarily the sharpest knives in the drawer, so I think this is to remind them a loaded dump truck is REALLY heavy.. If the engine quit and someone tried to push one with another Dump truck, no doubt significant damage would occur to the dump bed and the tail gate which would cost the owner a lot of money to repair and take the truck out of service until it was repaired.Because pushing a dump truck puts unnecessary strain on the hydraulic system of the dump part, and it's expensive to fix.  It's there to remind the drivers of other heavy equipment to not push them out of the way, but to actually drive them out of the way.If it's stuck in the mud Don't push it out with a tractor.  You'll have to pull it out.
It could be the oxygen sensor. But I recommend to take it a qualified mechanic, if possible to the importer of Volvos in your country, and make a computer check. With the computer checked one can tell exactly which sensor needs to be replaced becuase they have a computer and attach it to your ECU and with the codes that the computer will give the mechanic, the latter can say what is the problem more specifically than any other person.Check engine light comes on when there is something not right with the computer and or emission system.well when you disconnected the battery,you reprogrammed the computer.check the oxygen sensor first,also go to auto zone and they will hook up an analizer machine to it .Get it serviced, if you drive it that little it may just need that. If your fluids are good and you have ok filters then it might just be an emmisions sensor. As long as your levels are good you arent going to hurt the engine, I could even be electrical.well it could be a number of things. but nothing to bad. its probably a sensor thats went out or its time to get your car serviced. when you disconnected the battery you cleared the error codes in the computer which is why your light went out but as long as you keep the car serviced and the fluid levels in operating conditions then your fine. but just because the light comes on doesnt mean you need to empty your wallet at a shop to have them clear your error codes especialy if its a sensor. hope this helps alittleCould be the oxygen sensor.  They're not that expensive.Before you spend any money, check that your gas cap is tight.  Turn it until it clicks several timesIt's not the "check engine" light going on, it's the "pay money" light turnign on.  The "pay money" light is connected to an elabrote system of sensitive electrical sensors.  This system is put in place by the manufactures to scare the cinsumer into bring the auto to the dealership where you will be savagely swindled by their repair department.  Solution:  Wait for the light to come back on and then take the vehicle to Auto Zone or Advanced Auto to have them check it.  Just tell them your "check engine" light is on and they will check it for free.  If the light is not on then they won't get a reading if they check it.  Also whatever they tell you is wrong with it, ask them how to fix it and then do it yourself or pay through the nose.  Good LuckCertain types and grades of fuel have been known to make the check engine light come on. The same could happen if a seal or hose is loose. Recommend a certified mechanic with a diagnostic machine take a look.get a obd2 and plug it in to yor car it will tail to what you need
you say,fix my wipers to the service tech at you local garage...or you could try to fizx it yourself but buy some weinies for the fire you may have while you are learningWiper motor burnt up or the switch is going bad! good luckSounds like wiper motor is about to go out completely. Usually starts with one speed, then when you start using other speeds because the others have gone out, you eventually loose them all.Wiper motor near burnt out by the sound of it. Have to replace it.
June, I used to have a tree in front of my house that would spray sap all over my freshly painted red corvette, I used vinegar and warm water and it worked every time without too much effort. I hope it works for you.generally hot water will melt the sap away without damaging the car's paint.. it may or may not remove the wax depending on the wax's melting point. hot water will NOT remove the car's clearcoat.just use cold water with a soft rag/kitchen roll but dont scrub hard. I had the same problem back home(uk). Parking under trees.I don't know if this will work for your car or not, but someone on one of my other forums suggested mayonaise to remove sap from one's hands.. . Good luck!Not sure what to use, but one thing I know for sure. Get it off A.S.A.P.!!!  . . I left some on my car for a few months, and it ate through to the primer, RUINING my paint job!This may sound weird but it removed tar from my truck without leaving damage........ It is an Avon product called skin so soft. The stuff it can be used for makes me wonder what it actually does to your skin.spray it with wd 40 - let it sit a few minutes - it won't hurt the paint - blot off with a clean cotton clothJune, this is a great question and I'm hoping that someone anwers it with a surefire remedy. I have the same problem with pine tress outside my house. My car is constantly covered with drops of sap. If you do not get the sap off in a reasonable amount of time, it becomes almost like cement.. . I had my car detailed a few years ago and the auto place charged me an extra $30 because of the sap. I paid it and asked them what they used to remove the sap. The guy told me he used a product called "Sap Off". He sold me a bottle of it for $10, but it was in a plain unmarked container. He probably bought the stuff in a 55-gallon drum and just poured me off a bit. It is a reddish liquid that's slightly thicker than water. I have never been able to find the stuff on the market. It worked better than anything I had ever tried, but it required multiple applications and a little elbow grease. The fresh sap was easiest to deal with. Some of the the older hardened stuff had almost adhered itself to my paint. Very frustrating.. . Some people have suggested butter/margarine, gasoline, Avon's "Skin So Soft", Wiindex, and Turtle Wax Bug and Tar remover. I have not tried these methods but the Turtle Wax product looks promising. Check out this link and good luck with the problem.. . http://www99.epinions.com/content_22183775876. . Fish
this refers to large trucks equipped with a jake brake which utilizes engine compression to help slow down....im sure you have heard trucks make this LOUD,obnoxious noise,which is why their use is restricted in certian areasLarge diesel trucks have what is called a "Jake/ Engine Brake" when it is used it makes the exhaust noise louder.engine braking is a term used with big diesel engines. this is a system on the big trucks which uses an extra pedal and when depressed it releases the compression from the engine.  It's also called a jake brake.  It makes a very loud noise..like a constant fart and some communitites find the noise offensive therfore the "no engine braking" signs.when a tractor trailer downshifts, an engine break cuts the rpm's of the engine to slow down the truck. engine breaks are more commonly know as jake brakes or jacobs brakes(a brand). anyway, it is the sound you hear when a truck is going downhill that sounds like a LOUD vibration from the engine.. . it doesn't use an extra pedal as the previous answer said. it is actually a switch on the dash. all trucks have three pedals: accel, brake, and clutch:. . The Jake Brake is a particular brand of engine brake manufactured and sold by Jacobs Vehicle Systems, Inc. While the term Jake Brake technically only describes Jake Brake brand engine brakes, it has become a genericized trademark and is often used to refer to engine brakes or compression release engine brakes in general, especially on large vehicles or heavy equipment.. . An engine brake is a braking system used primarily on semi-trucks or other large vehicles that modifies engine valve operation to use engine compression to slow the vehicle. They are also known as compression release engine brakes.. . When the accelerator is released on a truck its forward momentum continues to turn the crankshaft and compress air inside the engine's cylinders. When the crankshaft passes the top-dead-center position the compressed air in the cylinder acts as a spring and pushes the piston back down the cylinder, returning the energy to the crankshaft and pushing the truck forward. Little of the energy absorbed by compressing the air is lost, so the engine does not effectively aid in slowing the truck. In a gasoline engine, some engine braking is provided during closed-throttle operation due to the work required to maintain intake manifold vacuum. Diesel engines, however, are unthrottled and hence do not provide engine braking from throttling losses. A compression release engine brake uses a solenoid to open the exhaust valve at the top of the compression stroke. This releases the compressed air in the cylinder preventing it from returning its energy back to the piston and accordingly, the vehicle.. . The driver controls consist of an on/off switch and, sometimes, a multi-position switch that controls the number of cylinders which the brake is active on. When the compression release engine brake is turned on, it will activate when the driver releases the accelerator. There is also a switch on the clutch pedal that will deactivate the compression brake when the clutch is disengaged.. . Compression release engine brakes may make a loud chattering or machine gun noise while being used, which has led many communities to ban them. There are signs on the side of some freeway offramps, or at municipal boundaries, that will say "No jake braking", "Engine brakes restricted", etc. These signs are referring to compression release engine brakes. This has led to special mufflers on trucks that also muffle the sound of the compression release engine brake.It's mainly for trucks...if they downshift many times, it causes problems with the road.It's a popular new dance that is banned in many states because it is vulgar and causes brain damage.Trucks downshift and use there engine to slow down. It's noisey so sometimes there are signs up so they don't do it.on most big trucks they have an engine brake or a jake brake i guess this is what they are talking about it slows down the engine
Before beginning the job of removing the battery, the wheels should be. pointed to the far right.. . Re: the air filter box:, Loosen the air hose clamp and pull the hose off. the box. Move the hose enough that the box can clear the hose .. . Next using gentle but firm force, lift straight up on the box, on the side. nearest the engine (driver's side of the box). Rubber receivers will allow. the box to come up when enough pressure is applied. Next move the box away. from the passenger side sidewall. Again, rubber receivers and posts hold. the box, with enough force they will separate. The air cleaner box can. then be lifted up and away. Good idea to check the air filter and turn the. box upside down to get rid of the crap that accumulates in the bottom. I. like to wash my box twice a year or so and replace the filter as. necessary.. . There is a panel inside the wheel well that needs to be removed, it uses. either a socket wrench or a screw driver. Some recommend removing the. wheel, the book says this is not necessary. Remove the battery. tiedown(s). (If you have a battery heater option, this should be unclipped. and removed too.) The battery should be able to be slid back into the. wheel well and then straight up and out via the air cleaner box's space.W M is correct there is a small "door" in the left front wheel well once you take off the tire and open the door it is pretty simple. Good Luck.take old one out and put new one in poof it's replacedthrough the wheel well.  Easier if you take off the tire. Then there is a plastic wheel well cover that comes off tthen it should be easy to do.  Napa's battery book says its a 30-45 minute job.Easiest to jack the car up, and remove the left front wheel.  Otherwise it is nearly impossible to change it!bring it to GoodYear
The residue is collected off public roads by McDonald's.  It's what gives their special sauce its texture.Some is left on the road and most of it is blown off in the grass beside the road.    I like your thinking and IF it was true, a road would rebuild itself, over and over,  and NEVER have to be refinished again.  PopsThe residue is collected off public roads by McDonald's. It's what gives their special sauce its texture.it just sort of wears away on the road ways,and you don't really notice it being there,but actually if it stayed in plain site,there would be a lot of it,but its one of those things that just get washed away every time it rains,good luck,i hope this help,s.the dust is on the highway its blown off and washed offthe thin layer of tread is washed away by rain and blown by wind.  Ever see those colossall pieces that are on the highway - a truck lost a piece of tread.  Your assumption is correct - it IS on the roads, but gets blown and washed away.. OR maybe elves gather it up at night and make their shoes out of it.It gets powdered away and between getting washed down or blown off, disappears
Inside the bed, on either side of the tailgate, you'll find a couple of Torx screws on each side.. Remove them, and the tail light assembly will come out, then you can remove the bulb socket from the back and r&r the bulb.Open the tailgate and remove the screws holding the tail light assy in place.  Should be 2 torx head screws.  Remove the assembly and remove the wiring going to the assy.  On the top and bottom of the assy there should be 2 small bolts.  Remove these and the socket assembly will come free of the lens assy.  Pull the bulb straight out of the socket.. . CHECK TO MAKE SURE THAT THE SOCKET ASSY IS WORKING PROPERLY WITH A NEW BULB BEFORE ASSEMBLY AS THESE ARE OFTEN TIMES DEFECTIVE.  IF IT WORKS, GOOD, IF NOT, THE SOCKET ASSY NEEDS TO BE REPLACED. . . You can get a new assy from Dorman available from most after market suppliers.
Radiator fan is screwed to it, to remove it, has to come off with the fan shroud.It is built into or onto the fan blade itself. You will have to remove and replace the fan blade which means most likely you will have to remove the radiator which probably will require you to remove part of the front grill work. I would at least get 3 opinions as to why you think you need to replace it.It looka kinda lika finned space ship in da middle of da radiator fan.......Its the aluminum finned thing in the middle of the fan.. . -Jeff
it could be the heater core, it could have a small leak that is undetectable from inside the cabcheck your oil and the inside of your oil cap for a milky looking substance... also look for continuous steam from tailpipe that smells of antifreeze.either of these indicate internal leakscould be a blown head gasket, or as simple as your radiator cap needs replaced. you should have it pressure checked by a mechanic.check your oil and see if it is leaking into there and your exhaust. also floor of passenger side of trunk inside. a compression check will also help you see if there is a problem there. it's a chevy take good care of it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it's worth it!!!THESE are notorious for Intake manifold leaks. the gasket is allowing coolant to be burned in the engine. With that kind of miles I am almost positive that is you problem.from past experience with chevy trucks my self i can almost guarantee that you have warped or cracked heads.  If not then head gasket.  Have known many people with 88,89, and 90 chevy trucks that the heads were warped.Are you sure it is not getting a little hot in the summertime and leaking out? do you have an overflow tank on the radiator? make sure there is no hole in the overflow tank if it has one. Just seems funny that since the weather turned colder that it isn't losing anti-freeze anymore.
A/T or M/T?. a flexplate out of a truck should work fine. otherwise the flywheel for the clutch set up your using.Try here.You have to get the flywheel for that application depending on what size clutch and also starter tooth configuration? Or do you have a "flex plate" with an automatic?
A backup occurs in the gas hose and it triggers a valve to shut off the pump. All this happens in about an eighth of a second.there's a little man inside and he pushes the button on the pump to let you know when it is full LOLIt's magic, no I dont really know that is a good question it must have something to do with pressure or something. I will keep an eye out for a good answerIf you were to look down inside the tube the fuel comes out of (be careful not to spray yourself with gas) you'll notice a small tube inside the larger tube.  That smaller tube detects pressure.  Ordinarily, as fuel passes the tube a small vaccuum is created but when the fuel level reaches the top some fuel is pushed into the smaller tube resulting in a positive pressure.  This change shuts off the fuel.well no point me answeringthis cause Kelsey B got it right.flow rate feedback,some of them do, but you shouldn't count on it. it might be dangerous
um someone said gasoline earlier....no thats retarded DO NOT USE GAS ok it'll ruin your finish however kerosine works wonders i've used it myselfHot water and soap.Contact your local body and paint shop. They will recommend a good product based on what type of sap it is. Pine sap is the worst.gaszillo is correct,what he failed to tell you it will also remove your paintwork or at the best leave a bad stain..  If I can spell it right use eucalyptus, purchase it from Supermarket's or Chemist. It will not do damage to paintwork..  Hope this will help.  Waltz.There are commercial products for this you can buy at Wal Mart.. Auto Parts Stores etc.... WD-40 works fine.... Most solvents work fine... Diesel Fuel / Gasoline / Light oils & lubricants....If it's not too hard, paint thinner or gasoline will take it off. If it's dry, sparingly use a LITTLE lacquer thinner. Don't rub too hard.Try this site!
Hint: What kind of signal is it looking for?. . What happens when the E-brake is engaged?The best way to bypass it is to put that wire to a grounded switch!. That way you fool the stereo into thinking your in park!if you installed it yourself its easy. just attach the e-brake wire to the black ground wire in the back of the stereo unit or dvd unit. i had the same problem on my dvd player and read that you can bypass it like that and it worked.
At one time ford had a service bulletin/recall out on wires shorting out near the firewall on windstars. Ask a ford service center about it.go to autozone scan is free and they will tell you what is wrong and head you in the right direction.Wheel speed sensor or ABS box. If it goes off until you move and then comes on it's wheel speed, otherwise it's the electronics.One of the wheel speed sensors is bad. On this van, the vehical speed sensor is used for the ABS system. Go after the vehicle speed sensor and look for shorts in the wiring or a bad sensor. This should correct both problems.Considering the speedometer does not work, I suggest you go to a dealer or repair shop. Could be major, could be minor. You always need to make sure your van can stop.i own a repair shop,and you may actually have a bad sensor on a wheel but if you,ll take it by any  auto zone they will scan it for free for you,and tell you exactly whats causing it to do that,then you,ll know for sure,and the check is for free ,i scan everything that comes in my shop to make sure i know what im up against,but all we can do is guess,they can tell you for sure,,good luck,i hope this help,s.
take the old ones out and put the new ones in1998 Isuzu Truck Hombre XS Regular Cab 2WD L4-2.2L CPC .  Vehicle Level  Brakes and Traction Control  Disc Brake System  Brake Pad  Service and Repair  Removal and Installation  .  . Removal and Installation . Notes .  . REMOVAL PROCEDURE . Use original equipment brake lining material for this vehicle. Original equipment brake parts provide the proper brake balance for stopping distance and for braking control. The intended brake balance for this vehicle can change if original equipment brake lining materials are not used.. . IMPORTANT: Do not disconnect the brake hose from the caliper.. . Remove the caliper. Refer to Brake Caliper Replacement (Front Wheel). NOTICE: Do not allow the brake components to hang from the flexible brake hoses. Damage to the brake hoses could result. . Suspend the caliper..  . Remove the brake shoe and lining assemblies from the caliper. . Remove the retainer spring from the inboard brake shoe..  . INSTALLATION PROCEDURE . . Install the retainer spring on the inboard brake shoe. . Install the brake shoe and lining assemblies in the caliper. NOTICE: Make sure the brake hose is not twisted or kinked after installation. Damage to the hose could result. . Install the caliper. Refer to Brake Caliper Replacement (Front Wheel)..  . Compress the brake shoe ears against the caliper. IMPORTANT: Before moving the vehicle, pump the brake pedal several times in order to make sure the pedal is firm. Do not move the vehicle until you get a firm brake pedal. Check the brake fluid level in the master cylinder reservoir after pumping the brake pedal.. . © 2006 ALLDATA LLC. All rights reserved.Don't mess with brakes.  Just take it to a brake place, and say, please change my pads out for me.  It's going to cost a little more than doing it yourself, however if the brakes later fail and you get injured, you can sue for all kinds of money.Go to www.autozone.com they have photos and infoI searched for a simple answer on line, and didn't really see one. Breaks are fundamentally the same on all passenger vehicles. If I didn't know how, and needed to Chang my own, I would go to a break shop and watch them for a few jobs. It isn't rocket science , but there are a few things you have to look out for.
This is how to change the clock on a 2000 Ford Ranger. It might be similar.. Find the "CLK" button, hold it down and press "SEEK" up or down to change the hour. Continue to hold the "CLK" button down and press the "TUNE" button up or down for the minutes. The radio must be turned off for this procedure. . . If not, go to the link below and ask your question there...If you can't spell clock then nobody can explain to you how to set the clock.  Trying spending more time at school and less time in the truck.
The engine turns around and faces backwardsThey force the thrust of the engine tword the direction of the the aircraft's travel to cause drag and slow the plane down.On most modern jet engines, the exhaust of the engine is changed direction and pointed in a forward direction by use of doors that open on the side of the engine or at the rear of the engine. They block the flow going aft and instead make it change direction and go forward around the outside of the engine.It doesn't actually reverse the thrust back through the engine, but rather deflects it with a mechanical device.When the pilot activates reverse thrust, the engines exhaust gasses are redirected to blow forwards. AAThis acts as a brake. On some aircraft panels swing in front of the exhaust of the engine, others doors open on the cowling and the engines bypass is redierectedThere are generally two types. One is a clamshell-type reverser, that is usually mounted on rear-engine jets and looks like this:. http://www.robl.w1.com/Pix-4/I-970493.htm. . Other is the cascade-type reverser, usually with engines on wings; this does not reverse thrust, but rather neutralises it:. http://www.ntsb.gov/speeches/former/hall/jhc991103c/egypt2.gif. . The thrust reverser is usually deployed after landing to slow the plane down safely, but some planes may use it in flight (Trident, DC-8, Yakovlev-40).
The camshaft is run from the crankshaft via a timing belt or chain.  The crank moves the piston and the cam moves the valves.  These must be timed in order for the valve to open at the right moment in relation to the piston.so the engine will start...the engine has 4 strokes..they are intake,compression,power and exhaust..you need to align them cam shaft and crank shaft because the cam shaft opens and closes the valves in relation to the position of each cylinder. if the piston is on the way up and a vavle opens, great damage can result when the valve and piston meet. amd when the piston is on its way down the valve needs to open to allow the air/fuel mixture in so it can be compressed to create power to make the engine go..hope this helps..Because you want the correct valves to open at the correct time in relation to the piston cycle.because this is what times the valves and the pistons so the engine can fire ,and release its combustion ,and draw fuel in,,other wise it would never run right if they weren't aligned up right on it,and if one jumps timing on either gear the cam or the crank shaft,,it wont run right until it has been put back the right way ,,good luck,,i hope this help,s.Because the camshaft controls the valves which control when fresh air is let into the cylinder and exhaust gasses are let out.  If the camshaft is not aligned with the crankshaft, they valves will not open at the correct time and the air will not flow the way its supposed to.  Also, in many engines, the distributor(which controls when the spark is sent to each cylinder) gets its 'coarse' timing from its orientation with the camshaft. If all of these orientations are wrong, the engine will not run.the camshaft has to turn once for every two revolutions of the crank. they must turn insynk. otherwise if the intake valve is closed while the piston is trying to get air and fuel in it wont be able to. and if you dont you can bend a valve, which sucks.To get the timing right.this is called engine timing. mechanical timing . and is very important for the operation of the engine. the camshaft opens and closes the engine valves. allowing air and fuel to enter the cylinder and exhaust to exit the cylinder this will occur when the pistons are on there way down for for intake and power. and when they are on the way up compression and exhaust. valves will be closed on power and compression intake valve open on intake, and exhaust open on exhaust. aligning will synchronize the events hope this helps. sometimes when timing is out engines may suffer damage as in the case of interference engines. no clearance between valves and pistons. ouch!For the timing, so that your valves open and close at the correct points of the piston strokeSo the the pistons and valves work together.  Called valve timing.
i own a repair shop,and this one is to new for me ,but if you,ll look in the owners manual it has all the needed info in there on all the features your new vehicle has on it,,this is a good book to set down and read ,you,ll be surprised what it can tell you about you vehicle,,good luck,and enjoy the new ness of it,i hope this help,s.there is no way to input a new address as you drive. you can only bring up stored locations. it is a safty feature that can not be bypassed so you eyes stay on the road while the vechicle is in motion.You can not defeat this!  It is a safety feature to discourage exactly what you are trying to do, set the address while going 60 mph and having an accident.  If they let you do this, there would also be litigation against Ford by all the people that  had accidents while setting the nav!. . People always look for others to blame, you know!
The jet offers several advantages over the old piston engines. 1.The jet is much more powerful than a piston engine. 2. The jet is a lot easier and less time consuming to work on. 3. While the jet drinks more fuel per hour than a piston engine it travels the distance much faster than the piston engine and thus uses less fuel overall. These advances combined to reduce operating cost and the number of people to operate an airline. This helped to make flying affordable to you and me.engines are fuel efficient today.  Aircraft also have what is called wing fenses to give the plane better fuel ranges.  Engines have what is called a high by-pass fan, better air flow, and less fuel better burn timeIt allowed people to make transcontinental, transatlantic, or transpacific flights in very quick times.  A transatlantic/transpacific flight in a single-engine plane would take MANY hours, if at all possible!!................ WELL the jet engine brought in more power ............ therefore an plane could fly ............. higher by way of altitude and further .............. propeller planes had the disadvantage of forward speed limitation ...................... thus with jet the planes could fly faster ............... reducing the time of travel ............ thus more people traveled ............. it was a kind of spin off ..............The jet engine has reduced flying times and fuel economy for airlines.. . The jet engine is very reliable and requires less maintenance than piston engines and operate more efficiently at higher altitudes.. . (Plus not so many people get chopped up in propeller blades!)Do your own homework you pleeb.Jet engines are more reliable and need less maintenance.. . Jet engines are effective at high altitude (so planes can fly above the weather).. . Jet engines are more powerful (so planes can be bigger and faster).. . The result is that jet planes can carry bigger loads at faster speeds, avoiding bad weather, and rarely stopping for breakdowns or maintenance.. . (Propellor planes are cheaper and more efficient and are still used for very short commercial flights. And also long flights -- the Voyager plane that flew around the world without stopping was propellor driven -- but it had to fly through the weather)
it will sense the air pressure and any fuel coming up the shaft.  the pump pumps the gas slow,  not fast like alot of people think, when it feels the pressure and fuel it shuts itself offyeah the gas pumps through the motor then let it out from the exhaust system.
You might be low on power steering fluid.If it is makeing a squeaking noise you a probably low on power steering fluid check under your hood for the power steering resivor and see how low it is. If its a popping noise then your CV axel is going bad.Fan belts are old and cracked open the hood shine a flashlight down the passenger side of the engine and look. Then start it up turn the wheel and listen for the squeeking is it belts? at 8 years old you should do all the belts.Is the noise coming from inside the vehicle or outside, and if it's from outside where at? If it's from under the hood, you may be low on powersteering fluid, check your reservior, and put in the reccomended fluid, probably Dexron III transmission fluid. You may also have a loose drive belt, if it has more than one belt, determine which is the culprit, then tighten it. If you purchase a Nissan factory service manual, It will help with just about any wrenching you need to do to your vehicle, either inside or out.You probably need more power steering fluid, if you try that and it doesn't work, you should probably take it to a mechanic.Check the fluid first then look at the belt. It is probably glazed and need replacement.i own a repair shop,and it sounds like it has a brake rotor that is bad on it,and they,ll do this when you turn the wheel sometime,the only other thing that will cause it is a bad wheel bearing ,bit id say yours is a bad rotor ,id take it and have it checked out and see what they say about it and then go from there,it may be something that needs repaired now,and it could become a safety issue if not repaired,good luck i hope this help,s.
why didn't you look for a lower truck ?  but you can always have yours lowered  :)The manufacturer's specs will have a ground clearance spec for your model.  They vary depending on 2 wd or 4 wd; optional wheel size & suspension options.  Yours may have non-factory oversize wheels & tires, or even suspension modifications.   Didn't you note this height before you bought?  Instead of lowering the car, you can add running boards.well i can tell you that some are made that high and i am only 5'8 and yah i=some are pritty high even for me um i would go and check it out at a shop or something i would go to  c&s if you have one there or i would go to a place were you could aford it i have only been to so many places because i messed up my cars and all but still. i would have that checked out.Look in glove box or on door jam for factory tire size for starters. Your truck might have been ordered factory with a lift package. Simple fix is they make a side step that mounts under the rocker panel under your door. Aftermarket or factory mount, or running boards work if you don't do alot of four wheeling otherwise the running boards become like a big ski.
Press your source button and hold it until the deck powers off.  Then press the Function button and hold it until the clock appears on the display. Then press function repeatedly until clock is there, then the <> buttons will hours and minutes and the up and down will adjust it.  hope this helps.i had a diff. model pioneer but it should work for yours.. . turn the radio off, then hold down the source button (i think but it may be  a diff. button) for a couple seconds and a menu will come up for different settings and the clock should be in that menuIt should be in the manual you got when you bought it.  Generally, key on, radio off, push set.  Station up for hours, scan up for minutes.  Push set again when it's correct.  Your mileage may vary.
I agree. how many children where killed because of not having seat belts. they should all have seat belts. many but not all the drivers are carless. our children are in there hands.Right now they don't want to spend the money.   There should be a voting on it.  It is the community's children who are on these buses. This topic was just in the news last week.  And all they said was they don't want to spend the money.School busses havent been regulated by the state yet to have seat belts just like the cars 60 years ago dident have seat belts.And air bags were optional in the 1980s due to the fact they are dangerus and hurt and kill young children...The main reason why the school busses dont have seat belts because the cars of today are made like paper and if one would hit a bus the driver would be hurt and and one on board the bus would say what was that .........................that wouldnt work, also school buses are safer to be in then cars,thats why the seat backs are so tall u must have never drove a bus to know that would not work and to disable the bus, man they would never get to school i see your concern but school buses right now are one of the safest mode of transportation ther is and have some of the safest driversBecause the NTSB has decided that it's not worth the additional cost that would be borne by taxpayers to buy the buses with additional equipment. Also, that would necessitate making buses with actual seats because most seats can't fit 3 across, as they claim--so the buses would have to be wider to actually fit 3 people. Finally, imagine the lawsuit the first time someone is strangled with one when the bus driver can't see.Also if a bus rolls over and caught on fire you could guarantee all the kids would die if there were seat belts.  Seat belts are great in a vehicle but on buses they could create more danger then safety
because of the high pressures required in today's fuel systems, it was found that they maintain a more constant pressure if all the have to do is push the fuel rather than siphoning it up then pushing it to the fuel delivery system.Cooling and priming. I like where they stick them on some F250 diesels, on the frame rail. Still self priming and also easy to change. Don't know if the gas ones are the same.the auto makers claim it is for cooling reasons.  Also the cars of old days were not fuel injected and the pump didnt neccessarily need to be submergerd in fuel like now.  As much as a pain in the but to replace them it is the best thing for a fuel injected car.cooling and priming is the best reason.It helps prevent vapor lock.  The fuel would sometimes create bubbles in the line leading from the gas tank to the pump.  When this happened the pump would not be able to operate.  Having the pump submerged ensured vapor lock would not be a problem.. . The Porsche engineers went through this exercise on the 914...that way they can charge U a Hell of alot more $$$$$$$$Changing a fuel pump in tank is not as hard as dealerships/garages make it seem.If your even slightly mechanically inclined you can do it too.High pressure pumps work best when submerged.i would think so they dont have to be primed
because we as the animals in our basic form use the color red as a warning.. .  tell your brother good luckred is the color for stop. yellow means caution. green means goYears ago the color of stop signs were yellow in some countries, even in the U.S. The major countries decided to have specific designs for sign to be the same in all countries. Now you can go to any, up to standard countries and they will have a red six sided stop sign and red triangle yield sign and others. This is the main reason for the color and the shape.Nitrix is correct, red is considered a warning.  It's also why your temp. gauge is considered "in the red" if your car is overheating.   Red is a color that will get your attention.
An sr22 is a kind of insurance you have to have to drive and you get it from your insurance provider and have them send it in so that they know you have it then you can request to get your drivers licience back.. simple just call your insurance agent.. did they tell you that you could get your licience when you got the sr22 insurance?  hope so because if they didn't you may be waiting til April anyway.. and have to carry this insurance for about a year... check it out .. find out what you need to do.. court house or lawyer would be a good starting place.SR22 is a document issued by a licensed Insurance agent or Company as a proof that you currently have automobile liability insurance.. The Company who issued this form also responsible to report to Department of Motor Vehicles,if it is canceled.. You should have received a letter from DMV instructing you to get and maintain auto insurance, while you are allowed to Drive.. . If you did not receive one, go to closest DMV and ask what you need to do to get your license back, and follow the instructions.. . LearnerSR  ( serious risk ) 22 is an insurance policy for bad drivers.. . I had to buy that type policy when I was 19. Generally it is for accidents and driving drunk and wreckless driving .  "AND" Driving without a license or driving with a revoked license.. . Do shop around when you buy the insurance cuz some companies can take month to month payments. some can do quarterly payments. It will cost a lot more than a good driver
It's called Murphy's Law.(a.k.a sod's law)murphys law,All I can say is someone knows when you leave late and tells the stop light patrol and they look for you and change the light just when you get there.  Really I have experienced this...and it seems that way.  But if you time the lights when you get to them...most last about 30 seconds...seems like an eternity when you are in a hurry.  Slow down..leave early...and it won't be an issue.. . Drive safe and don't get hurt or hurt another in your hurry ...it will still be there when you get there.YOU DONT REALLY GET STUCK AT MORE LIGHTS IT JUST FEELS THAT WAY WHEN YOU RUSH........IT HAPPENS WITH MOST THINGS WHEN YOURE IN A HURRY.LIKE LOSING YOUR KEYS WHEN THEY R UNDER YOUR NOSE OR WHEN YOU SPILL SOMETHING ON YOUR CLOTHES WHEN YOU ARE ON YOUR WAY OUT SOMEWHERE...........ITS ALL ABOUT CALMING YOURSELF DOWN AND NOT GETTING INTO A PANICYou don't. You just remember the red lights. Especially when you're mad. Try tracking red and green lights sometime. Keep a note pad and a pencil in the car. Make a note of each red and each green light. I will bet you that over the course of one week you will do no better than 50-60 percent green no matter what time of day or where you are going or whether you are in a rush or not.You dont. You just notice more the time spent waiting at said lights.Because our "intelligent" elected officals try and use a device intended for intersection control to be used as speed control and have basically screwed up the entire works in doing so!You're not stuck anymore than you usually are. It just feels that way because you are short of time and sensitive to any holdups.  How many times did you go through a set of lights and then think " were they red or green"? Never happens when you're in a hurrySod's Law. I always remember driving into town (Birmingham) once and having all the lights green - when I got to my destination, there was only one other person there and it was really boring. TypicalIt happens in any situation when you are in a hurry! A bus seems late, you can't cross a busy road, the phone rings just as your leaving, and guaranteed for me at least, you can't find car or house keys!!!. . Blame Mr Murphy!. . Serious answer is> it just seems that way at the time.It's because of the malevolence of the traffic lights, and actually everything, that can slow you down and uses it's chance to do it when you are in a hurry.. . That's Murphy's laws. (See the sources. First one is just an essay from wikipedia on the origins of ML, the second is a website with Murphy's laws themselves. A good read, I daresay ;) )
go to parts store and buy the book.  15 dollars well spent..go to any search enginre and type th "?" in and it will give you multiple awnsers . .  _ outlaw3045Buying a repair manual for your make vehicle is the best way.  BUT.  Drum brakes come apart differently than disc brakes.. . Below is a link for the basics. Hope this helps you.  . . HINT:  Only do one side at a time so in case you have questions on what goes where, you can go to the other side of the car and see.There are two bolts you take out that are18mm size ,but they have lock-tite from factory and are hell to break loose. They hold the caliper on and you then slide it off.
the others are so your passenger can help you paddle the damned thing along.the fourth pedal has no mechanical use. it is just a foot restThe 4th pedal is called the dead pedal. Just a spot to rest your left foot.one of the 4 pedals is gas then brake then clutch the fourth is just used as a foot rest hope i have helped u out
it is already the law in California, at least you have to use blue tooth. It goes in effect in 2008yes. Studies have been shown recently that the part of the brain that is used to use a cell phone interferes with the parts of the brain used to drive.... to put it really simply....I think that it should meet halfway; we should use headphones. But police would be hard-driven to arrest all people who drive w/o it, because we're already short of police & they have better things to do than to chase people down who forgot or are talking with their dying father or something like that.you should pull over if u have to make a call, simple as that.yes talkin on the phone while driving (even with a hands free phone) reduces our reactions as if we were intoxicatedYes it should but only to an extent.  I think as long as you are using a hands free then it is fine because it is just like talking to another person in the car.  there are way to many people that get into accidents because they are using one hand to hold there phone up to there ear.  I was rear ended by a chick that was talking on the phone and had not realized that i had been stopped for about 20 seconds.  today a chick in front of me hit her breaks for no reason other then she had to find her phone and answer it i almost hit her we were all doing like 70 the all of a sudden she slams on her breaks and swerves.  those are not isolated i see it happen all the time my commute is about an hour one way and i see people all the time that can not stay in there lane or maintain speed because they have a phone stuck to there head.  Now i use a hands free and don't have any problem, that is not to say some people don't i am sure some get so distracted from there conversation that they stop paying attention.  I do think that using a hands free will cut down the amount of accidents related to cell phone useYes;. Driving while talking on a cell phone is worse than driving drunk!I believe to younger drivers who are at under 18 should not be allowed to talk and drive on the cell phone for they don't have that much driving experiance.  Some may say they drive a lot buy you have to set that bar somewhere.  In Minnesota its 18 and older can use the phone while driving, and if you get caught using it as a minor you get ticketed for it as far as I know.No.  Maybe if we can use headsets that would be ok.Yes...handsfree headsets do nothing.....your hands need your brain to make decisions for it.  They don't hink for themselves....speaking on the phone reduces our awareness and alertness regardless if we are holding the phone or have a thingy shoved in our ear.I am not going to state my personal opinion because this is America and in America, if you are not hurting anyone, you can do whatever the hell you want to.Yes.. The NSF says that most accidents are caused by people not paying attention to their driving.  Watch a soccer mom on the phone and determine if her mind is even in the SUV.NO!  But if you are gonna use one, you have to use a hands free set.. . How would we be able to call for HELP in the car or lost on the road or something without a CELL PHONE!!?They are a tremendous boom to travellers.  I use it often when I am stuck in traffic or if I need directions.  People eat, smoke, apply make-up, talk to passengers, watch their kids, have sex, and do lots of things while driving.. . Why has talking on the phone been singled out?Have you been behind some idiot talking on the phone?  Yes, period.  They are a nuisance to everyone.
http://www.kbb.com. http://www.nadaguides.com. are the first two places to look.. remember that the values listed are estimates, any repairs needed would be deducted from the listed values.go to www.kbb.com or www.nada.com. Those websites you can write down the information of your car and it will tell you what it is worth.Take it to your local dealership as a trade in,act like you are buying a new car, then add $2000.00 to it.  Subtract for any repairs it needs.kbb.comGo to www.KelleyBlueBook.com also www.emunds.com
You can't. If this person was involved in a crime, you can call the police and they will handle it from there. Otherwise, private individuals are barred from obtaining DMV information from a tag # due to privacy and anti-stalking laws.. . This is most famously due to the 1989 murder of actress Rebecca Shaeffer -- the man who shot and killed her had fraudulently obtained her personal information and home address from the DMV.Motor vehicle registrations are private, and not available to the public at large.  If you have a LEGAL reason to obtain registrant info (e.g., you were the victim of a hit-and-run) via a license plate number, file a report with the police.Go ask the police to run the plate and all there information will pop up.You don't.  Restricted information.
Probably by removing the entire dash.  Carmakers should be forced to make an external heater core, but they insist on burying it deep inside the dash.  I have had two cars .... a Ford and a Jimmy, both had to take the dash out.www.autozone.com they have walk throught for anythingUnderneath the dash on the passenger side, the heater core looks like a small radiator. remove any bolts that are holding it in.  disconnect the heater hoses under the hood that go through the firewall.
Most bus drivers or very happy. It may be the sight of you that makes them unhappy (only joking)You're completely wrong.  The other day as I was crossing the street, a bus driver had a huge smile on his face as he tried to run me over.I don't know.  But your observation is certainly correct, if somewhat understated.  They are usually miserable as hell...Probably because they have to deal with traffic ALL day.  I get road rage just from a 10 minute drive.I assume you mean school bus drivers, That just about answeres it.cos they need to stay focsed on the road as well as on the passengers.. . talk about multi-tasking!would you be happy driving the great unwashed around and snotty school kids all day everydaySeriously...do you think bus drivers are happy people? They don't earn so much money, it's a dull job driving all day and seeing the same scenery and stuff...You must get on all the wrong buses, I only see a few miserable ones, the rest always smile and say hello.ARE  YOU A BIG FAN OF THE OLD BLACK WHITE TELEVISION SHOW HONS IN THE 50S CALEED THE HOONEYMOONERRS?? DID YOU EVER SEE RALPHIE CRAMDENN(JACKIE GLEASONN) IN A GOOD MOOD AFTER DRIVING A BUS HONS, HE PUSHED SHOVIE HIS POOR WIFE ALICE AROUND  HONS--- AND YELLED SCREAMED AT HER HONS TO DEATH-- AND THATS WHAT BUS DRIVERS PUT, UP WITH EVERDAY IN LIFE HONS--Probably because of all the idiots on the road that have tunnel vision and cannot see or don't care about others on the road, you see it all the time when they pull out in front of you just to see if you have good brakes or something. These bus drivers have a huge responsibility of getting their passengers to their destination safely.would you be happy if you drove the same roads over and over day in day out just means they didnt get an education lolbecause their job is so depressing and they are subject to alot of abuse. in glasgow the bus drivers have been issued with "spit kits" so that when a member of the public spits on them they can pass a sample onto the police for dna matching.. doesn't make me smile.There's a particularly cheery chappy in his 50s  I guess, on the Yorkshire Terrier Bus no. 120. Route Sheffield Town Centre to Royal Hallamshire Hosp.. . What a great change from most of these usual drivers.. . Good on you, sir.Nottingham City Transport is all I can say...miserable set of good for nothings!i'm a bus driver and guess what? - I'm happy. Most of the time!  Apart when car drivers p i s s me off!  and cars always have to get in front of the bus.  But we are never noticed by other people, only the passengers.  i can be driving past some guys, and they will look at the people on the bus, but never the driver.  think they assume its gonna be a grumpy male bus driver!! But as with everything else, things change, and so are the drivers, going from grumpy to happy!!You aren't looking in the right place.BECAUSE THERE JOBS SUCK,You won't be happy either if you had to deal with all those obnoxious people all day!you can see happy bus drivers by greeting them . when you gets on their bus. and also follow the rules on the bus especially not bomb allow . regulationsHase you seen what customers can be like?  Bus drivers are no more miserable than shop staff, or any other customer facing staff.
Sounds an awful lot like a head gasket. Do you see oil in your radiator or oil on the dipstick that looks like a cappuccino?Hey there your thermostat needs to be replaced its not your head gasket it has no effect with your heat control  so get your thermostat replaced and get your radiator flushed and fresh anti-freeze put back in it maybe your heater core too and thats a pain in the butt to change i'd take it in to a shop for that to be done  but any of this  get it replaced and your car should be running cool again and blowing hot air when you want it  hope this info was help fullYour heater core may be going out or your thermostat might be getting ready to take a crap.  My 92 GA currently has no heat because of the same thing.  Just get it fixed before you blow the head gasket.  And if your oil is milky and there is white smoke coming out your exhaust, sorry, RIP.  Not worth fixing.Typically when a car only heats up at an idle or in traffic, that's usually caused by the electric cooling fan not working. The water could be lost when it heats up in traffic. If a headgasket is suspected, take off the radiator cap when the engine is cool and start the car and watch for bubbles. Typically if a head gasket is blown you have lots of white smoke from the exhaust also.Sounds like a bad thermostat.you may have a cracked head gasket or cracked head.check the intake gasket i hade the exact same problem with my 95 grand am you dont see it that well.
Its a conspiracy, Because the state is hoping that you can't find them, get pissed off and don't do what you need to. Then when you are driving around they can give you a ticket for not doing it. More revenue for them and you still have to go pay the DMV.They are hidden because they can. This is almost a perfect example of government "customer service". When bureaucrats run anything, it will be lousy with bad service. This should be a no-brainer operation that is turned over to the private sector. Can you imagine how much better the service would be if you could get your driver's licence or plates at Walmart or Target?. . You can buy your car's brakes from Goodyear, but you are forced to buy your plates from the bloated lazy department of motor vehicles.
The only way to get peanut butter out of the gas tank is you need to take it to a mechanic who knows how to do this. Because you have to drop the gas tank. have it cleaned and recoated, and you will want to have the filler neck replaced at the same time. You don't want to drive it you will have to have it towed to a repair shop..That is a weird one. As far as the engine's concerned, this would be like a coctail of filter-clogging solids mixed with diesel oil.. . Often, it's possible to simply unbolt the filler neck, although you'll need to remove a couple interior body panels to get access to this. If you take the filler neck out, you can see how far down the peanut butter goes.Use some baking soda, my sister did the same thing, but itv was something else, it will not hurt anything but it will make the peanut butter vanish.Best way to remove the tank. Remove the bed (four bolt and four nuts) Disconnect lights  Then you can inspect the neck hose and see how far into the system  the peanut butter travel. Non-flammable brake clean will break down the peanut oil (also carburetor cleaner) you can use these two products to flush your hoses and lines.You need to take it to a garage you trust, get it towed to be safe.  Have them clean it professionally,  this may mean dropping the tank.  See if insurance will cover it.  Buy a locking gas cap.Take the tank off and completely drain and flush several times making sure you get all the Peanut oil out. Or put on a new tank!
I've been in the car business for 23 years & I've never seen a car that did not get sold.. All but 2 years with Ford. . I spent 2 years with a Chevy/Volkswagon, and all of theirs were sold as well.. I'm sure some where there are cars that don't get sold, but I havn't ever seen or heard of them.I've been at a Chevy Dealer for 12 years and even the mutant ones sell at some point. It just takes time. There is a saying in the car business " There is a seat for every a** and an a** for every seat" I think the first part is true.chopping block or your local junk yard if there fordsyes they are,i own a repair shop,and there sold off as rentals and demo,s at a good bargain also,ad a lot of them are donated to Charity and such things as needy causes gets a few of them,but they can be bought ,and some are sold off at auctions also,,good luck i hope this help,s.Cars that have never been titled....meaning NEW cars ALL get sold.  The dealer may sit on it for a while...but it will go.. . A couple previous answers said that they are DONATED... WHOA.  We've never donated a car off our lot.  Of course, I know some manufacturers work it differently.... . For example, Chrysler (I think) produces a lot of units all at once, then they sit in storage facilities until a dealer needs it.  . . Ford builds them as they are ordered.  A Ford dealer buys 10 F150's from the facotory, and they are built to his specs and trucked to the dealers door.. . Vehicles that you see at auction that are rentals, etc...went into service with that purpose.  Rental returns and off-lease vehicles are NOT junk.  And can't be passed off as "new" vehicles, because they have been titled.They get sold off to lease, rental companies.  to government agencies.They will get sold, they DO get sold.. They slash prices and prices.. until one of these happend. . they are sold to. 1) rental compaines. 2) Certain local companies to be used as Companie cars. 3) donated to local colleges. 4) donated to local technology centers For training (tax rebate too). 5) donated to places that Give cars to the less fortunate (tax rebate again). 6)Crushed because the ones that were sold had more then about 5 recalls (voulentary or invoulentary)They get sold off cheap at auctions. . See the site below for more informationSell them cheap(er). . Normally if you want to buy an old model once the new one has been bought out, or even one with the previous years regiustration mark you will get a substantial saving if your prepared to haggle as they want to clear out the old stock, but want to make the money they would otherwise lose the longer it doesn't sell - if this makes sense.they get sent to the glue factory with all the lost my little pony's.They ALL get sold. The dealers reduce the price, and stupid people buy them, thinking they got the deal of a lifetime. and don't know that they COULD have gotten the same price when it first arrived at the dealer lot if they knew how to play the game.
The paint used to finish the Model T was called Japan Black.  It had an asphalt base dissolved in turpentine, which evaporated very quickly once it was applied and left the base dry before it left the line.  It was used because in the assembly line process it dried more quickly than any other paint and it was the cheapest paint available at the time.. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model_T. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japan_BlackBecause back in the 12th century the only color they had for cars was black.  They didn't learn till 1740 that there were other colors for their Buicks.  When Henry Ford came out with the V19 in the 30's, they were maroon and black.  He gave the idea to GM and they made orange cars called Chevies.  Thus, Chevie Orange.Originally, Ford offered them in several colors. The paint at that time would take up to 14 days to dry, making painting a car rather difficult. However, chemists came up with a new sort of paint called Japan Black that dried in only two days - trouble was, it wasn't possible to add colors to it. It wasn't until the mid '20s that fast drying colored paint became available.yesThe reason for the success of the T was the low cost.. the Assembly line made it cheep and any changes including paint color raised the price...sorry no options.i cannot recall the year that the switch was made to black only but it was some time after the tin lizzie was in production, the reason was that black dried the fastest and anything to speed up production was welcomed , also cost , DuPont was able to give Henry a better deal on 1 colour , then ,as now , anything to drop the cost per unit was done. PS. he did not invent the automobile , he was responsible for the moving assembly line , advancing the art of mass production .All cars were, without exception, black at one time and were a lot more expensive if you wanted another colour.It was just easier if they only had one color to worry about and could speed through the process line with itMarketing decision by Henry Ford to keep prices down.  His famous quote was "You can have a Model T in any color you like, as long as it's black."It was cheaper and more efficient to paint them all the same color.The earlier posters are correct: it is cheaper and more efficient to paint the Model T's black.  However, while black was the only color available on model years after 1913, earlier cars were available in Brewster Green, Red, Blue and Gray. In fact, in the first year, Model T Fords were not available in Black at all, but only in Gray, Red and Brewster Green.Ford was once quoted saying "you can have it in any color, as long as it's black"  . . It was simply a cost issue.  He wanted to make as many cars as possible for as cheap as possible.
Hopefully you mean dissolving it when it's off so you can flush it out. Nothing works better than a couple gallons of Techron to get that crap out.Kbs Coatings makes a great kit for just that. It has a real concentrated cleaner/degreaser that will dissolve all that junk.  also comes with a metal prep and tank sealer by far the best I've used...have to say it performs better than POR15 and found it to be less expensive too. Great tech support too by the way.all the parts chains sell those type of products but to do it right you need to remove tank-take it to radiator shop and have them clean and seal it or you may want to consider an aftermarket fuel cell due to expense of repairing tankGoto "eastwood.com"  and look for gas tank restoration.  They have some really good products including "POR-15".  That you may be interested in.  This is not a problem you can solve w/ the tank still in the car.
The parking brake is a drum-in-hat type system, the way to adjsut it is by adjusting the rear brake shoes inside the drum. Jack the vehicle up, support it with jack stands, put it in neutral, the wheels should with some resistance, not from the driveline, if they turn free, you need to adjust the rear brakes, if they already drag, then you will need to remove the rear drums and inspect the brakes.underneith your van ,you should have a turn buckle.it should be on the drivers side under your van.take a wrench and adjust it.
Use a very big hammer.Once you get the code, if you don't lock the car with the remote (use the key in the door instead) the alarm and immobiliser might not arm.. . I used to work for a company that had an M-reg Laguna. We disarmed the immobiliser with the code, then locked the key with the remote in our spare-key cupboard, and only issued the key with no remote to staff. Solved the problems with the immobiliser, but did leave the car unprotected.. . Bear in mind that you may not be insured against theft if you haven't armed the alarm and immobiliser.I would recommend that you contact an auto electrician rather than do this yourself!!! shop around and ask others for recommendations fo that you don't get ripped off!!drive over itYOU will need to renault your regy and ask them for the master code thise will let you punch it in and the car will start everytime without you haven to punch in the code.Iknow its anouying but if i were you i would book it in to your nearest Renault Garage and get it repaired in the long run its going to make you sleep easy knowing that when you get up in the morning to do your morning stuff as many woman do that your car will still be where you parkt best advice if it were me i would have it repaired and if it costs alot am sure your main garage will spread the payments for you if not.Let me know the outcome i may be able to help you a bit more.wait til you get the code....otherwise you'll just look like you stole it!sell the car
Motor is a misnomer in this case, engine is the correct term.. Although, an electric car does if fact have a motor, and Hybrid cars have BOTH..                                                      GBEngine is a general term. A car motor is a type of engine. Also, cars have electric starter motors, et al.Depends on how you are using the term engine.  A car motor is an internal combustion engine, unless it is an electric car in which case it has an electric motor not an engine.  A steam locomotive has a steam engine.   Jet plane has a turbine engine.  There are many kinds of engines, only 1 or 2 of which you would use in a car.In general, a motor is operated by electricity. An engine is operated by fuel and combustion.motors are electrical devices, engines are internal combustion devicesAn engine is internal combustion. A motor is electric. The windshield wipers are driven by a motor. The car is driven by an engine.Ummm.....Nothing. Its just how you say it, and how you want to say itnothing they all the same thingnotta just the word used to describe them i guessAn engine is fueled and produces the energy that powers a motor..  In a sense, an engine is the fuel for a motor.. . I'm trying, without success right now to apply that analogy to a so-called computer 'search engine'. My frontal lobe throbeth.Whats the diference in tomato and tamoto?"NOTHING!"Engineers LOVE this question cause they can give a very concise and acurate answer where the rest of us hacks fall back to the ELECTRIC motor GAS engine example/explanation .It has mainly to do with where the fuel or power source converts the power source to a power unit- gas is burned for internal combustion  and water is boiled  for steam engines vs. electricity which is ready to use in its raw formTerminology.a motor is an electrical device and an engine is a internal combustion device.
Was it taken apart or what?The ignition timing is not adjustable, if the moter was disassembled,put the piston at top dead center, and line the cam marks up so that both lobes are facing down, your  motor can go out of time however if it shers of the rotor/crankshaft keyway, to check this either put the piston at top dead center( look down the sparkplug hole) and see it the rotor "T" lines up with the indicater, if not, probably does have a shered keyway. the other way to check is to remove the rotor and lookThe ignition timing isn't adjustable on that model. Do you mean "cam timing"? If so, ask another question. Don't add additional details, people may not come back to this question
Hey, dude, stop playing with your antenna!buy a new one, not expensive,,, cheapskateI dont think you can, If it is the telescoping type, they are made of cylindrical hollow units that is meant to fit into the each other. If it is bent, it is prety much toast. Either leave it bent or buy a new one. They are not expensive at all.As every one else says they are very cheep, but if you don't want to buy one then try heating it slowly with the tip of a prefrebly orange flame, beacuse you don't want it to burn, use a match. Once it is hot, bend it very so slowly once it is in position cool it with some water.. Good luck!. Hope this helps!. Merry Christmas!If there's a kink in it it will already've lost it's strength and will probably break if you try to straighten It, sorry.If it is not badly kinked  you can try feeding back into it self  by hand pushing it at  the base as close to the fender as possible  remember though little bites at a time , but don't try bending it. it will just snap clean  if you do .most ariels these days screw on so the are easier to remove in a car wash etc. either buy a new one or go to ur local scrap yard and aquire one there!Very hard to do. Warm it up bend very slowly. Good luck.Get it some therapy and stop letting it go to gay clubs.
the light is part of a self diagnosing system when it comes on it is telling you that one of your sensors is not operating properly. Go to autozone or advance and have them run a scan for free and they will be able to tell you what is goig on then you can fix it yourself.Yes you must have it serviced soon to your dealership or local mechanic ...avg cost $90 per trouble code it may have ..but my advice to you do it soooon,because each time you start and stop the engine it will get worse and worse trust me..or if your a do it your selfer buy an obd or obd2 tool depending how old your car is but it gets more complicating then it sounds...so if you got the$$$ bring it in to a local mechanic. =DThat light means exactly what it says. you need to get the engine checked. it may be low on oil . or water. or a host of other things could be going wrong. Best get it checked Before it leaves you stranded in some dark dangerous stretch or highway somewhere.hmm thats a good questions!because you need to service your engine soon.. It is generally an emissions codeYour cars ECU has detected an error...if it doesn't detect the error again in 100-150 mi. (depending on maker) it will reset itself, otherwise you'll need to get it checked out.
15-1615 because then you should have your learners permit and so that is the year that your supposed to be practicing to drive and this is the practice/teaching that you need.my cousin is 14 and turns 15 in march where she said she gets  to take itWell, usually when your 16 17 0r 18, but you can begin briving yourself at 18 without lessons. But, there is now age your SUPPOSED too, anytime you feel ready.Around 15 to 16 is normal age.most state 15starts at 15. that also depends on your state.In Oklahoma you can get a learners permit at 15 and a half. Drivers License at 16 yrs old. Call your local DMV for your states laws etc.I would say 15, at least here in Indiana.  That way you can get your permit and practice until you are 16, then take the test and get your license when you turn 16. Or 30 days later, as I think it is here in Indiana.  Call to find out what age you can take the written and driving test, count backwards from there to see when you can take the Drivers Ed class.  Then again, each Drivers Class may have it's own guidelines.between the age of fifteen or sixteen15  and then again at 16, then 17,18   and then start again at 60
The valve blows off excess pressure that the turbo doesn't need. How much a turbo will cost depends on the motor. For a car, you're looking somewhere around 1,000 to 2,000 dollars, plus other special parts to make the whole thing go. Plus the labor to fit it all and retune the car, either with a new chip setup or by manual retuning on older cars. Big job but usually doable if the motor and drive train are in good shape. Turbos put more stress through the motor and drive train so if anything's a bit tired it'll probably get blown to bits.. . For more detailed advice it's best to contact a place that specializes in turbocharging.. . PS Edselman's dead right about the pistons. If you use the original ones your motor will not last very long at all.You can do a turbo relative cheap by buying used, but remember, you need low compression pistons to run any real boost.  So you are better off buying a turbo engine to start with.. . and no, there is no benefit to put a blow-off valve on a normal engine, they are used mostly in blower applications  :)The blow off valve releases the excess air pressure from the turbo. If you do not have a turbo, you do not need the valve!A blow off valve without a turbo system installed would be completely and utterly useless.. . The way a turbo works, is the exahust flows through a turbine which spins a compressor, compressing the air in the intake so the ignition of the gas and air will expand faster creating more torque and horsepower. . . The blow off valve is a system that releases the pressure in the turbo/compressor system when the revs in the engine slow down. For example, if you are driving your car on the highway, and the turbo system is running, and you go to an off ramp, you need to slow down. However, if the compression ratio in the engine is to high, the engine won't slow down very well, and you are creating unnecessary wear on the engine and wasting gas. . . The pressure decrease allows the engine to take in less air and fuel, and run at lower revs. The blow off valve also activates during a shift, since the engine will be at lower revs than it was previously.. . Short answer: You don't need a blow off valve unless you are running a medium to large turbo.
sprockets are used in an automobile to transfer motion to the timing shaft via a timing chain. The chain runs over the sprocketssprocket use to transmiit motion from engine to tire.It is complite . set of chain & sprocket . . CHAIN DRIVES. Chain drives are often used where positive synchronization between shafts and transmission of substantial torque is required.. This section will be devoted to chain drives under 1 horsepower.. (a) Roller Chain. 1. Standard size -- Roller chains used for fractional H.P. applications are almost always the ¼ pitch #25 single strand type.Never heard of sprockets in cars. How about gears? Gears increase of decrease rpm and work loads. allowing for more or less speed. Have a fun dayA sprocket is a gear or wheel with metal teeth that meshes with a chain or track. Sprockets are used in bicycles, motorcycles, cars, tanks, and other machinery..    Sprockets are used for the MANY cars and trucks that have chain driven cam shafts, ie. timing chain. Sprockets are used in transfer cases.A sprocket is a device either driving or being driven by a chain . Mostly superceded  by toothed cogs driving belts these days  They were also used in very ancient cars to drive the wheels as in a bicycleYeah I have heard about the sprockets but I am at the learning stage so I Dont know about its Use
Depends on what the car manufacturers recommend.Check your owner's manual.  These check ups vary by make and model.  They're generally preventative maintenance so its a good idea to keep up with it.normally every 5000 km, oil & filter change, tyres rotate, wheel & steering bearing checked fan belt & coolant
30,000 feet. No noise, keeps it away from other flight paths. Also  plenty of time if it is going to crash to glide away from housesAt about 35,000 or so, give or take a few thousand.  They fly there for the same reasons they would do so during the day.  Increased fuel efficiency, reduced drag, stronger tailwinds, increased true airspeed, etcThey usually fly in the range of 30,000 ft to 37,000. The reason for this is because the aircraft runs more efficiently at the higher altitudes.Mostly in the 30s, sometimes in the 40s, once in a while in the 20s.. . Commercial jets have two versions of maximum speed, their maximum airspeed and their maximum mach number. . . So there are reasons to fly higher and there are limits to how high you can fly.. . As the aircraft climbs the air becomes thinner and colder, this reduces drag and lift but allows the engines to run more efficiently. The aircraft gets round this by using indicated air speed, which is what the air speed feels like to the aircraft in pressure terms. What that means is that as you climb at constant indicated air speed your ground speed increases, but your fuel consumption decreases because the engines run more efficiently. . . As you climb the speed of sound also decreases. . . Eventually you reach an altitude where the mach number becomes the limiting factor. You are now going as fast as you can. From now on as you climg at maximum mach number your ground speed decreases. . . So you cruise at the most fuel efficient altitude that you can while still getting where you are going on time.. . But what about the relationship of load to cruise altitude?. . If you fly at a set altitude and speed then you require a certain amount of power. If you add weight then you cause an increase in drag and you have to add power to maintain speed. So as weight increases your maximum altitude decreases. As you add power fuel usage increases rapidly, so you only want to use so much power. So there's a complex relationship which limits your operating altitude. As fuel load decreases the drag decreases and you can climb higher.. . At high altitude aircraft cruise near their maximum mach number and not far above their minimum indicated air speed................ YOU KNOW THERE IS GRAPH for optimum altitude for a given length of a flight ................ that is how they choose the cruising  level ............. and the max height called ceiling of the Boeing 737 aircraft is 41000 feet ................. depends on the series .....It flies around 30 000 feet depending on weather and conditions.30,000-38,000 ftThe previous 2 answers gave you a correct idea of altitude.  For WHY:  At the begining of a typical flight, the plane is heavy with fuel and trying to get to an efficient cruise altitude results in an inefficient cruise speed (slow).  As the plane lightens with time, the altitude can and frequently is increased to take advantage of the higher speeds and lower fuel consumptions available at the higher altitudes.. . All this theory is subject to other factors such as weather, other conflicting traffic, etc, so the final altitude depends on many things........
The same way you would put in a sony ampThe same way you would install a sony amp to a sony stereo. They are not racists! Doesn't matter what the brand name is.
What are you trying to say??what is the question???i own a repair shop,and it would have been nice if you had finished the question out,,i cant help you with this one ,,good luck.Is ***king difficult if you have no clue as to what the owner is wittering on aboiut.Yes, Yes ,   Whats the question ?.. Dont be shy you know you really want to ask !!!Ya,And...........Due to the laws of physics and the laws of morons, that puppy is going to break.A mechanics job im afraid , for me its fairly easy , thats what i do . if you ask your question and be spercific i will try to help, other than that you can buy a workshop manual which lists faults and curesWhat do you want to know, I'm a mechanic and can't help till I know the problem!!!!!!
~wow - everything I was going to say just went right out the window! (connections, wires, fuses...) You pretty much covered all the ideas I had - except for one; try adjusting the volume knob, (and no, I'm NOT kidding.) :). The volume knob on my system also adjusts the speakers, (like, from right to left, or front to back...) and maybe you have one blown speaker and that just happens to be where the knob is set to?You tried everything except for the famous tool for the unknown THE HAMMER, well that's what i do, works best with the occasional f wordwow, thats a good one...i had the same problem with my old speakers. What happened was, when i drove, they suddenly turned off, for some reason. sometimes when i went over a bump, they would go back on. try slamming the door. see if that works. your speakers may be blow. that is what happened to mine.get an electrician to have a look at the wiring i did and he fixed it 4 meIf you can't get them to work, remove one speaker and hook it up to the back of the cd player directly and see if it will play. If not then the cd player is fried or the speakers are toast. If it plays, you probably have a bad connection or broken wires.There could be a tear in one of the wires leading back to the speakers or a short.
That pretty much means that the transmission is finished.  Will need that one rebuilt or replaced with another.  Or maybe even get a newer or better car.  I assume this one isn't gonna be worth that much.  Sorry to hurt your feelings.You might have a bad transmission and if your car is manul you might need a new clutch.Is the fluid red or black?. . My hubby works on transmissions..........please answer I may be able to help
It just needs an ajustment. the speed sensor is in the tranny, it might be seeing something spinning while it is clutched and stoppedsounds like you need to clean the electric terminals on the plugins for the speedo gear, and check the ground between the sensor and the transmission, and the transmission to engine/chassis strap.. . A bad ground, or connection can cause that to happen.. . I drive a 93 sable.. . Good luckBecause you touch yourself.Dodgy connection, shouldn't be difficult to fix.It means u need a new speedometer cable it is going bad u might think it is workin fine but it might not beBecause it's brokendoes it drop to 0 when you start moving or does it wait till you get to that speed before it moves
This is one of the hardest paints to remove from a car as it actually has teeth in the paint that bond to what ever it touches when it dries.  Bridge paint has the same properties.. . If you have already tried lacquer thinner and scrubbed and scrubbed using a cotton hand or bath towel and it didn't do anything.  Next step would be to go to an automotive paint store that carries PPG paint products.  Ask for " DTR-601 Enamel Reducer ".  This is a stronger form of the lacquer thinner and will chemically breakdown the line paint.. . It will take time, scrubbing, and elbow grease.  At times you can soak your towel and hold it over a few spots.  Then take your fingernail and actually flick of the specs.  Others you have to just rub and rub.. . If this still doesn't work, the next step would be to paint that area of the car.  Actually sand the line paint off, re primer the area, recolor and re clear coat it all.. . I myself have spent 1 full day and 1 full gallon of the DTR-601 on just one side of a Lexus LS400.  It works but does take time.That stuff is bomb proof. You might have to sand it off and refinish the spots.
Its an airplane.Not sure on this one. It may be an airplane. just a guess.It's an airplane, see below.  If you are talking about the Comanche car, it's a discontinued Jeep.  It is also a helicopter that is now in production for the army.  (again see below)
DUI ( driving under the influence of a controlled substance) drugs. DWI ( driving while intoxicated) alcoholDUI means "driving under the influence". DWI means "driving while intoxicated". . They both mean the same thing.  It's just that different states use one or the other.. . I wouldn't know why you need to know that, because your state in particular should only use one, not both.You can be cited for being under the influence of a substance even though you may not be legally intoxicated.well word wise DUI is Driving Under the Influence and DWI is Driving While Intoxicated.  I think that DUI is less severe than a DWI it's sorta like the next step up to DWIDriving Under the Influence and Driving While ImpairedActually, I think both mean the same thing; some states use one terminology, some another. The BAC that puts you in trouble differs from state to state, though, so be sure to know yours. That's bound to be on the test!Driving under the influence of alcohol, drunk driving, or drink-driving, is the act of operating a motor vehicle (and sometimes a bicycle or similar human-powered vehicle) after having consumed alcohol (ethanol) or other drugs, to the degree that mental and motor skills are impaired. In addition to driving under the influence of alcohol and driving under the influence of other drugs, a third "DUI" offense consists of driving under the combined influence of alcohol and other drugs. The drugs causing or contributing to the impairment need not be illegal, but can consist of lawfully prescribed or over-the-counter medication. Anti-drunk-driving advertising campaigns have aimed to raise awareness of the legal situation and the dangers of driving while intoxicated. Drunk-driving is responsible for a large number of deaths, injuries, damage and accidents every year.. . The specific criminal offense may be called, depending on the jurisdiction, driving while intoxicated (DWI), driving while impaired (also DWI), operating while intoxicated (OWI), operating a motor vehicle while intoxicated (OMVI), driving under the influence [of alcohol or other drugs] (DUI), driving under the combined influence of alcohol and/or other drugs, driving under the influence per se or drunk in charge [of a vehicle].There is no real difference. DWI is just an older term, meaning you are Driving While Intoxicated. DUI means Driving Under the Influence, which is a newer term to cover people driving high also, as you are under the influence of a intoxicating substance.depends on what state you are in. Driving While Intoxicated(DWI) means you where driving with a blood alcohol content (bac)over the legal limit which also varries by state and your liscence class. Driving Under the Influance(DUI) in some states means the exact same as DWI or under drug influence or driving with (bac) below the legal limit.Hey brown eyes,it the same, i hope you never get one ,it will change your live forever.Nothing. One Means Driving Under the Influance and the other means Driving while Intoxicated. All depends on what state you are in.
Depends on 4x2 or 4x4, engine, and cab.  There is a vin sticker on the inside of the drivers door pillar with axle code listed (it says axle code and a 2 or 3 digit code).  You can call a dealer with this code and they will be able to tell you which axle ratio it is and whether or not it is a limited slip axle.There's a tag on the differential housing, if you see . 325 its three and a quarter to one. You might see 350. 308  so on and so forthit can be anywhere from 3.08:1 to 3.73:1,there should be a tag on the rear cover with the info you need,if you need more info go to blapauto.com,they are ford truck specialistsThey came with 3 different ones.... . 3.08,3.31, and 3.55. . You will have to look at the tag on the rear end to find out what yours is, or decode the code letters on the vin tag near the drivers door. . Also a call to a Ford Dealer or Ford itself with the VIN should be able to tell you exactly what's in there
The word helicopter is derived from the Greek words helix (spiral) and pteron (wing).A helicopter is an aircraft which is lifted and propelled by one or more horizontal rotors. Helicopters are classified as rotary-wing aircraft to distinguish them from conventional fixed-wing aircraft. The first single-rotor, fully-controllable helicopter to enter large full-scale production was made by Igor Sikorsky in 1942.  I'm so sorry, I did get this from Wikipedia (that old chestnut!!)just some interesting facts...A helicopter does NOT FLY... it contstantly defies gravity... most have two rotors... on a Chinook. there are two horizontal blades on top.. the direction if "flight" is controlled by changing the pitch of the rotors(what the blades are connected to).... on a typical helicopter... with a main horizontal rotor on top and vertical blades in the rear, the top blades control lift and aid direction, and the rear blades provide stability and also aid turns... helicopters are like a phenomenon constantly defying gravity to "fly"... with many controls aiding in controling the "flight".The phrase 'helicopter' (Greek word helio, meaning 'spiral' and pteron meaning 'wing'), was first coined in the 1860s, by the grandly named Viscount Gustave de Ponton d'Am?court.. So to answer your question it means 'SpiralWing'an object that can fly through the use of spinning propellors, creating a downdraft.....? i dont know i made it up but i know that a french person called a wee toy made of two wood screw(twisty) type pins with propellor like heads on and called it the helicoptere, as you can guess it was the same as getting two of those tree seeds and sticking them together ....voila helicoptor motion.... also that the word helicopter is derived from the greek words helix(spiral) and pteron (wing)please go to www.dictionary.com for an answer.hel·i·cop·ter (h?l'?-k?p't?r) . n.. An aircraft that derives its lift from blades that rotate about an approximately vertical central axis.. . WORD HISTORY   The two Greek words that are the origin of helicopter may be particularly hard for English speakers to spot. Helicopter was borrowed from the French word h?licopt?re, a word constructed from Greek heliko– and pteron, “wing.” Heliko–, the combining form of helix, “spiral,” has given us helico–, which can be joined with other words and word forms to create new words. The consonant cluster pt in pteron begins many Greek words but relatively few English words. English speakers unfamiliar with Greek are thus not likely to recognize the word's elements as helico–pter; many analyze the word into the elements heli–copter, as is shown by the clipped form copter.It just means 'Rotary Wing'the official meaning has been answered, but to me it means f**king brilliant!!! I love flying them, or as one of you answers put it, defining gravity in them. The should not fly, it does mean that rotor wing pilots are some of the best in the world though.A helicopter is an aircraft which is lifted and propelled by one or more horizontal rotars.. The word originates from two separate Greek words: . Helix, meaning spiral. and. Pteron, meaning wing.. The first helicopter to enter large full-scale production was made by Igor Sikorsky in 1942.. Helicopter is a good word, but "Dragonfly Machine" is better!i think it means spiral wing
A big pile of junk that gets miserable mileage.Shitty Useless VehicleSuper Useful Vehicle.. lol. . no its. Sports Utility Vehicle.. But you know that right?It is a big furry animal, haven't you seen them on TV?save ur virginity, FOR SOMEONE U WILL REALLY LOVE AND NOT JUST LUST FOR!!!!Square Underwater Violin!Sport Utility Vehicle.. Mainly because you can use it on and off-road (many come with AWD...wait you might not know what that means... All wheel Drive. The drivetrain delivers up to 50% of power to the rear wheels during inclement weather and some cars have Full-Time 4-Wheel Drive)  Theyr'e great for sand snow areasIt is a big car (usually driven by ORANGE coloured women with loads of tacky gold jewellery)We call them people carriers in the UK but the Americans call them Sprots Utility Vehicles.. . (My people carrier died yesterday (engine shot) and your question just reminded me to phone the scrap yard in the morning - sob sob)It stands for Sports Utility Vehicle.  It's the think like a tank that Americans drive around in.sports utility vehicleSeriously Unbalanced Voter. Very much in fashion in the USA !I thought it was service utility Vehicle, altho doesn't make any sense!A Sports Utility Vehicle. Or Chelsea tractor, if you prefer. They are large cars, designed to drive across countryside that have unfortunately become very popular in cities everywhere.People carrierSports Utitlity Vehicle.  Some examples would be Navigators, Explorers, Range Rovers and so on.............Simply ugly, useless, vehiclesSports Utility Vehicle. Big American gas-guzzler of a car.Sport. Utility. Vehicle.Sport Utility Vehicle. For example, Nissan XTerra
its hard for a lot of people to drive in the dark maybe the area that you are driving in dont have any street lights thats the problem that i usually have.Have an eye doctor check you for it.It sounds to me that is what your problem is. I would for sure check with you eye doctor. I have the same problem and I hardly drive at night anymore.Everything at night is very bright and you can't make out object.
Let's get one thing cleared up right off the bat: you can drive on the driveway. Indeed, if you'll permit me to wax philosophical for a moment, this is the very essence of drivewayness--to enable you to drive from the street to your garage. Moreover, you can park on the parkway, if you're willing to risk the wrath of the law. I don't know that this clarifies things much, but it seemed like a point worth making. . . I think the crux of the issue, however--I love using words like crux--is the dual meaning of "park.". . Park in the sense of tended greenery and park in the sense of stowing your vehicle, though deriving from the same root, diverged in meaning long ago. In Old French, a parc was an enclosure. To this day a military park means an area where vehicles are stored and serviced. As early as 1812 there was a verb "to park," meaning to store one's howitzers in a military park. This carried over to carriages and ultimately to any sort of vehicle. . . Our notion of landscaped parks, meanwhile, derives from the medieval practice of enclosing game preserves for the use of the aristocracy. The term was later applied to the grounds around a country estate, then to royal parks in London to which the proles were grudgingly admitted, and finally to any landscaped public grounds. The idea of enclosure is still evident in expressions like "ball park," for an enclosed playing field.Gee, that's a new onebecause thats the way it is.you just invented a new sayingif you drive on your driveway you will eventually hit your house or run out of driveway at which point you will no longer be driving on your driveway and then.........what was the question again...sorry...wow this question just blew my mind. it definitely belong s in the list of how big is the universe? how old is the earth? how deep is the deepest part of the ocean? NOT. im just kidding, im not trying to come off as rude. Good question, im gonna ask my professor tomorrow and let you know what he says. til then, thumbs up!Because you can park where you drive and you can drive away from where you parkWell that certainly gave me something to ponder for about 1 minute and 45 seconds.  I've come up with nothing.There is all ways plenty of room when as they are not often used
The real answer is that people these days are only worried about themselves, and not common courtesy.Because the human race is full of idiots.The average person, these days, seems to think that their space on this earth, their time, their goals, their problems and frustrations, and their social agenda outweigh those of the people surrounding them.Because people just don't have respect until they learn it I guess.Respecting others is something not all parents teach their young.Even though you're going the speed limit or maybe a little bit over...it still isn't fast enough for them.. . Drivers these days want to get to point B as fast as humanly possible. They don't care who gets in the way.. . Plus the extra seconds it will take to turn on the signal.....they could have been passed the person. Its kinda like driving on a highway....they just  swerve back and forth and don't signal.ZYeah yeah we all deal with it daily , we are overcrowded and the DMV isnt getting tight enough on their testing. Anyone can drive nowdays. The elderly are driving when they shouldnt be, and some people who have their liscence shouldnt it a mess. Good luck and try not to let it get to you. I feel for you.Because they have no respect for others let alone the law. Maybe they didn't get the signal light option on their car(lol).  If the police were to get paid by piece work and get a commission for tickets they write and should write they would be rich.. . If people were to treat each other the way they wanted to be treated-with respect, wow what a world this could be.the speed is not set for safety reasons to begin with its set for fuel economy all highways were designed for speeds of 80 mph in mind . Studies have shows that roads with lower speed limits actually Have higher accident rates.The speed limit was changed in the 70's due to the oil crisis but anyway if your going the speed limit stay to the middle or right lane and let the speed demons  speed on the left lane .  that how its supposed to be anywayBecause Joe Schmo who can't drive, was taught by his father who didn't know how to drive, who was in turn taught by his father who had no IDEA how to drive, and so on, and so on, and so on. It's a never ending cycle. However, I've been involved in a push with the NTSB to require car and rv drivers get professional training for license procurement AND renewal, every two years. People aren't very bright, and they need safety beaten into their heads as often as we can possibly get away with.Most likely if they are passing you, it means that you are slowing the flow of traffic to begin with, which in turn is really what causes accidents. and you are drving below the legal speed limit. which is also a danger to the rest of who is on the road. and you are the reason why we dont increase the speed limit. which i think we should do.
Sounds like your clutch is either: a) going out and has the tendency to grab at a particular point in the clutch release, or, b) you have a warped clutch plate that likewise is grabbing rather than softly engaging.  Either way, you probably need to have a mechanic evaluate and probably replace the clutch pressure plate, disc and throw-out bearing.  Make sure your flywheel surface is machined.  Now here is another thought...does your clutch have a cable system or a hydraulic system.  That may be the culprit.  Have a mechanic evaluate it!it is all in the timeing u got to cluth and give gas at the right time so u dont pop the clutchyou are letting go of the clutch too soonDon't let the clutch out with the engine idling.  Slightly increase the engine RPM as you let the clutch out.  This is normal.. . IF the clutch is grabbing even tho you try to let it out slowly, there may be a problem with the clutch its self.  The throw out bearing OR the linkage could be sticking and suddenly releasing when you let off the pedal.  You could have some oil on the clutch or pressure plate.  The clutch could be going bad.. . Try increasing the engine RPM FIRST before getting too excited with the other possibilities.  Good luck.  Popsmy buddy bought a '67 beetle that did that and we drove it around the farm for a week or so , we both are good with standards , and the "ugly spots " on the clutch wore themselves off and the car stopped doing it , the clutch lasted another 30,000 miles, so check the adjustment and give it a bit more gas as you let out the clutch , good luckWhen you have a lawnmower engine like that car does, it takes some reving and slow clutch to get going.you dont know how to drive a standard and need to go drive around and practice easing the clutch out at the right time with the right amount of gasDoes the car idle correctly with the choke off?give it alil more gas b4 u ease off the clutch, but let the clutch out slow or ull burn outAs you ease up on the clutch you need to slowly give it gas at the same time.  Not enough gas or easing up too quickly on the clutch will cause the car to lurch forward and/or stall.
It is usually a loud ( audible) beeper or alarm that signals that there is an unsafe situation, ie you have left your lights on when you have parked , you have cruise control with a speeding warning system and you are speeding, or you havent closed your door properly.Audible just means that you can hear the warnings, rather than just see a light or read a warning.Well, just leave your car door ajar, and you will get an audible warning.. Does that explain it?A safety feature that give out sound in term of siren, buzzer, or even music to warn people of an unsafe condition or coming danger. This is in addition to visible warning; such as revolving light, providing both visual and audible warning for most of the normal persons.
If I remember, it's under the drivers kick panel (the panel you bump your knee on while driving) under there should be a yellow (if I remember) relay for the turn signal. . But I've had more problems with turn signals switches and the wiring on those vehicles than the relay itself... so best thing is to have someone inspect the turn signal switch for issues tooI believe it's in the fuse blockon the steering columnturn flasher on [it makes a noise]look under sterning  section,under dashboard,it pulls out,replace with new one.good luck
Drive with the defrost and heater on.  The defrost will drop the humidity inside the car while you're driving.  Also use baking soda like you would inside of your refrigerator.you should park your car where you think the sun will come up. but until you get the leak fixed it will probably still draw moisture from the coolness of the nights.Best thing to do is unhook your battery and leave the vehicle doors and trunk open on a clear day, giving the moisture a chance to evaporate.
Your tires probably need to be balanced if the vibration is in the steering wheel and seat.sounds like a tire balance issue, also may need a tire rotation. could be cupping due to lack of rotation. have 4 tires balanced and rotated if needed always rotate front to back.because the speed limit is 55 mph   DUH!!!Most likely cause is an out of balance tire.  Front end might need an alignment, or maybe a wheel bearing is wearing out. Either way, you should get this looked at soon before something bad happens.Have you had the tracking checked?  That is, that the front wheels are perfectly aligned?  That's very often the cause, especially if you have hit the wheels hard against the kerb or something else recently.if you feel the shake in the steering wheel, either your front tires are chopped up or out of balance, if you feel the shake in the seat your rear wheels are the problem. a bad u joint can also cause a shake but usually that comes with a lot of noise, bad tie rods could cause a frt end shake but they have to be extremely loose to do so, which i wouldn't expect from a 98 yukon. run your hand over the tires and be sure they are smooth, and get it checked just to be sure the front end is in good shape.What condition are your tires in? If you are having vibrations at high speeds, most likely the belts in your tire are starting to separate. This could be really tragic, and should be taken very seriously. A tire, if not all four have broken belts, and you blow a tire going 70 mph on the interstate could and probably will result in a serious if not fatal accident. Get you tires checked by a tire dealer. ON a less serious note, your tires could be low on air. Which can result in excessive tire wear, more stress on your linkage and steering, Not to mention a decrease in your gas mileage.take your truck in, it could be the tires, either you need them to be rotated or you may need new tires.possibly a worn tie rod.Check the Brakes, rear u-joint, or tires, have all those checked by a tech
I think they are there to monitor the traffic flow to see if the road needs improvements.  Sometimes they do this periodically on a road and sometimes they do this before approving a construction project  - to make sure that the traffic needs are met.this is a way for the state to calculate the number of vehicle that travel down a certain road to see if they need to add any kind of traffic signs, signals, etc.....Traffic counters.  Governments use them to determine how much traffic is using a certain roadway.  It's a tool in helping them determine how to best set up infrastructure and also funding and speed limits.Trip wires for very clumsy cars.... . Actually they are designed to prevent the passage of Yugos into a specific area as they aren't powerful enough to run the wires over.The Department of Transportation of the State you live in, put them there to get a count of how many vehicles pass over that spot. They might have a means to divide by the number of wheels that pass over per number of seconds, I suppose.  Other than that, I'm told that there are two to a set, and they measure how fast you go from the first cable to the second cable.  Then they can calculate who's speeding.. . I've heard this, but never verified it.  So... I guess we have to verify this per Department of Motor Vehicles or D.O.T.They count cars, how many, what time of day, etc.. Used in planning road construction and traffic light controls and  stuff like that.Its a traffic survey.. They are trying to study busy patterns, slow periods, traffic light changes, etc...its all about urban planning.it counts the trafficThey are data collectors for the Highway Traffic.   Totals are used to help with designs in the roadway, regarding needs for traffic lights, enlarging roads to meet the demands of increased traffic.  They act like the old bells at gas stations when there used to be full service stations,,,,only the box keeps track of the number of cars that pass over the "black cord" without the sound of the bell.They are used to count the traffic on that specific stretch of road and the reason for two cords is so that they can separately count Semi Trucks from the other traffic. It gives them a numerical reference to how much that road is used and by what types of vehicles.to see how much traffic is on that road. It's a road serverycar counter...hmmm
I believe you might mean P0172 because 700s are transmission related. Anyway, If it is a P0172 - System too rich code, I would check to make sure the fuel pressure is within specs. If it's not, then their could be a problem with the fuel pressure regulator. Depending on the vehicle, it could be at the rail or remotely located with the filter.Disconnect the NEGATIVE battery terminal for a couple minutes to clear exsisting codes.. . The easiest way to check hoses, is with you eye's and fingers.This is a trick I always use to find a vacuum leak. BUT BE CAREFUL.  I connect a rubber hose to the end of a small handheld propane tank/torch, then I turn on the propane and while the engine is running, I scan all the hoses with the propane. If you hear the engine speed change at a certain location, the propane if being sucked into the engine. That is where your vacuum leak is.get a vacuum tester and check that, and find the pcv valve on the motor and shake it, if it rattles freely its good, if its gummed up get a new one
Ok- take it apart and put it back together just like you took it apart- seriously- I bought the manual for my "91 Isuzu and changed the wheel bearing all by myself and I'm a 26 year old girl that never changed her oil till this year- It took me 3 days of working on it in the evening hours.  Buy the manual and follow the instructionsfirst remove wheels, brake caliper, dust cap, cotter key, hex nut, pull rotor off and lay flat  then use wooden dowel or brass punch knock inner bearing out taking dust seal with it.  clean replace or. repack old ones reassemble using new dust seal and cotter key. about 1 hr for both sides easy
Ticket and have to appear incourt wowis me ..You would be cited for driving without a license.You get ticketed for driving without a license.  Depending on the state where you live, you could lose your permit.check your DMV's website,or call the courthouse and ask what the "sentence" is.  i'm pretty sure in NJ that your non-provisional license is withheld for a period of time and there might be a fine.. http://www.dmv.ca.gov/as soon as you are 17 and a half you dont need a permit and can go straight to a license but you may get a ticket or not be able to get your license for a year or soProbably a big hit in your wallet and a hike in your insurance premium.It depends on your states laws.  They could suspend you from getting a drivers license.  I know someone who did that and couldn't get a drivers license until 6 months after she normally could get it.you might not be issued a drivers license
sounds like you need a new belt or the bearings are getting ready to go in the pump.powersteering belt is the main cause, check to see if its too tight. there should be no more than 90 degrees of deflection (twist) in the belt at its furthest point, check between the A/C comressor and the crank pully for it. replace it and drive on.The PS belt is slipping, for a quick cheap fix try some belt dressing. It is available at any auto parts store. Follow the instructions on the can.Make sure that you actually HAVE power steering fluid in there and that it's good.  It also takes time for the car to warm up in real cold weather.YOUR PUMP IS GOING BAD,IF YOUR BELT AND FLUID ARE OK,BUT MAYBE YOUR BELT IS LOSE OR MAYBE YOU HAVE A OIL LEAK WHICH OIL IS GETING ON YOUR POWER STEERING BELTDUDe its your fan belt go to aMECHYo dude my van is doing the same thing also my car hesitates when I press the gas I have to floor the gas to get it to accelerate!!sounds like a serpentine belt or the power steering pump is going out. . . belts being tight doesn't mean they are not getting bad. . go to the auto part store and buy a can of belt dressing, turn the car on and open the hood, and spray a little side to side on the belt.  hopefully this will quite it
Go to the library, they may have the newspaper from then on microfiche.. . Also, ask the police dept. if they have old records.I don't know how long the authorities are required to keep records. of their "bench" reports involving public trans.Best bet would be. the "fish" at the local library in the area where the accident occured or try the locale.See if the local newspaper where it happened has article archives.  That's all I could think of as I would think that an accident report would have been destroyed by now.I would start at the local police station and ask for a copy of any reports related to the accident.  You could also try the library or local newspaper office for "micro-filmed" or "micro-fished" copies of the newspaper at the time of the accident.  Then I would contact the county courthouse to see if anything was filed in court.  It'll cost you a little bit of money for copies of everything, but you'll get your information.Go to your local library, or the local library that is in the area of the crash site. Many libraries will have old news papers on micro fiche (spelling??) that you can go through.  Just ask your librarian for help in getting started.there had to be a police report made on it so I would say if you know what police dept. wrote it up that would be a good start, have them check their records.
The right lane is not the slow lane, the left lane is for passing only and the right lane is for driving in. So you should only be in the left lane when overtaking the slower moving vehicle ahead of you. You should then move back into the right lane. I'm not surprised that you referred to it as the slow lane though, everyone does.It depends on where you are.  Where I'm concerned, the left lane is the slow lane.  We drive on the left, and the side of the road is on the left.  Anyone wanting to stop by the side of the road or slow down, goes to the left.  . The reverse applies to you !law already states that on Interstate highways a vehicle must drive in the right lane, except when overtaking and passing another vehicle. Still many drivers ignore this law and drive at slow speeds in the left lane, creating traffic congestion and decreasing safety.Instead, our new law prohibits detaining traffic in the left lane on Interstate highways.  The legislation outlines specific situations where it is not in violation of the new law to remain in the left lane.because the lanes left of right lane are passing laneswhy do people drive slow in the left lane?Imagine urself in a situation where it is a fast lane.That's where traffics merge usually.
In some states you can go to a city,county or state sponsored driving school and that also depends on the tickets you have. Good Luck !!!!. . OH yes I almost forgot you can just quit driving for awhile, that works well.In Australia, you get points removed when you break the law, eg.. speeding, not wearing a seat belt, reckless driving. Of course this is when you are a full class driver.traffic school or wait 3 yearsi THINK you may be able to take driving classes, like a defensive driving course, i know they do go away after so many years (10 years maybe)  call you local license bureau
The alternator charges the battery while the engine is running. If the battery is not being charged it will go flat and that's a bad thing on a lead acid battery.its not getting recharged.....you have some kind of power drain in the car.  fairly easy for a good mechanic to solve.Because it is being cycled and being charged regularly. On the other hand, an idle battery loses its charge over time.
The pressure doesn't come out it goes in.Drawing petrol through the pipe to the engine creates a vacuum in the tank that is released when you replace the vacuum with air.The noise you hear is air rushing in.hi there,this is normal.there will be more suction the less petrol you have in ,am i right?this is probably becuase petrol is sucked from your tank for the engine.best practise is to always slowly unscrew your cap when filling.the fact that your tank is doing this shows that your petrol tank has a good seal too!.xBecause petrol caps these days are not vented. As the petrol in the tank goes down then the air pressure above it falls and you get a partial vacuum. As you take off the cap the air outside the tank rushes into the tank to equalise the pressure.Petrol is an oil based product and lets off gas while in your tank. Obviously this gas has nowhere to go apart from out of the filler cap when you open it. Thats why.Petrol is not just simply sucked out of the tank. There is a return pipe from the pressure system - injected cars - to stop fumes getting out and it is this that pressurises the tank.. RoySBecause the petrol expands when it gets warm.tank breather could be blocked . check underyour car at tank small pipe hanging from it can be full of dirtthis perfectly normal dont worry about itBasically when your engine uses the petrol theres a vacuum and also the gas petrol creates is immense so when your tank is low there will be a certain degree of pressure and when you fill up you seem to be having to keep pressing the filler again and again but if you put the nozzle in and out a few times that should do the trick if not be patient and press the filler slowly and it should work.Because of legislation, Modern cars have a vacuum system to stop petrol fumes escaping in the atmosphere. .. A certain amount of suction from the inlet manifold is used to create this condition.. What your hearing is the release of this partial vacuum whenever you take the petrol filler cap off.
Your question is rather brief.  Does it still run?  Have you tried to start it?  . . Water itself isn't the killer, it's the resulting rust and electrolysis.  . . Your question is about water getting in "the motor", if you're just talking about the big iron thing, water won't hurt it much, you can clear it out pretty easily by changing the oil & filter, removing the spark plugs and running it a few minutes to dry it out.. . If your car took a swim in the lake, or worse yet, the ocean, now you have problems.. . As a claims appraiser for a number of years I learned the easy way (by talking to guys with experience) that it's never a good idea to try to repair a car that has been immersed in water because of the electrolysis that occurs in every electrical component on the car.  . . You're going to be chasing electrical gremlins for as long as you own the car.. . Plus, there's the "soft" items in the transmission that don't react will with water.  These are going to suffer a premature death as well.. . The best solution is to just total the thing out.well it depends where at in the motor if it's in the oil you should change it and get it flushed and new filter and oil change, if it's in the gas you should be able to add "heet" and it should dry the water out depending on how much is in the tank, if it's in the injectors/carb get some "b-12 chemtool" and add to your gas and if it's in the cylenders it should dry out and evaporate when the engine runs and doing that you might get some past your piston rings and in your oil but it just depends on where the water isRemove all the spark plugs and change the oil before you attempt to turn the engine over. If you pulled water in and hydro-locked it, you probably already have damage. Butthis is a good way to see. If it just got submergec and as long as your electrical and ignition system are oky the engine might run fine.. . Good luck.Take out the spark plugs and use a shop vac on the holes there to pull the water out.  Then leave those holes open for a few days so that any water still in the motor can evaporate through them.  Also change the air filter to a new dry one.  Then change the motor oil and the oil filter.  Do not start it until these are done or else it will kill your motor.water IN the motor or oil?  maybe a cracked block..
Try spraying it with cooking spary. It work for me in GermanyTake a lint free cloth and spray a light coating of silicone lubricant on it and wipe down the rubber weather stripping.  Dont use WD40 it will eventually break down the rubber.Rubbing alcohol is best. Pour around the door. If you buy de-icer you will see that it containg mostly alcohol. If the whole car is covered in ice, a bucket of water will do trick. Take care and enjoy the holidays.like stated before, the preemptive strike is the most effective.. . BUT... WD-40 it a penetrating lube which means its designed to "eat" the things that case fasteners to freeze, sure enough it will also degrade rubber and foam rubber.. dont use the wd-40.. the same can be accomplished with a napkin and some butter or margarine . . but to remove ice that has already formed... you most likely wont tear the weatherstripping by pulling it open its actualy some pretty strong stuff, but if you dont want to chance it you can use isopropyl alcohol (rubbing alcohol), blow dryer, HOT water (make sure you dry the jamb thoroughly as to not cause a repeat.. . After you have dried it you can use butter, margarine, OR you can go to an auto parts store or walmart... and pick up a bottle of wax or Armor-All Original.. . retreat once a month for optimal effect.its best to get a can or plastic container full of ethinol ( anti-freeze)  with a spray tube like WD40. &  spray this into the.    key-hole, also spray it on the key before inserting it.  many.    Automotive stores have this..          Another trick, provided you have an electric outlet, is a.     hair dryer, the heat will melt the ice in the lock..           Look for an Automotive plug in hair dryer for future emergences.  You just need a friends car beside yours.yup wd40.  you also could rub a thin layer of vaseline on the stripping as a precaution before the freezing occurs.  just watch the clothing getting in and out and try not to touch it.Spray WD-40 on the stripping!go to a store such as staples or office max and purchase a roll of nylon thread tape. about 3/4 to 1 inch wide and tape the weatherstriping side of the vehicle.. it will stay on for a long time and wont freeze to the car..  ive done it and it works in 10 below wheatherMove to a warmer climate.blow in the lock if the lock freezes, as far as the door kick the ice off and make sure your door handle isn't frozen, then pull.  if your lucky enough to be near electric outlets, use a hair dryer.. . if your wanting a pre-emptive, grease your door jam.
Electronic Control TransmissionIt is Electronic Traction Control.. This keeps you from spinning out on slick roads. The computer reads the wheel speed in relation to the other 3 wheels and applies the prake to each wheel as needed to keep the car in a straight line.In the psych field, it refers to Electro Convulsive Therapy, or shock treatment, seldom used these days.. . In your case it is electronically controlled transmission, or switching overdrive on and off.
As a matter of fact, I heard that on the news yesterday, that some company is thinking of putting an ipod nano cast along the same lines , and the podcasts would include GPS solutions. yeah right.. As for congress outlawing them, big help that would do, unless I see them being reassigned to direct traffic in those jams. That would be a sight for weary eyes. LOL.Your idea has merit, no doubt.. . There is too much vehicle ownership, and everyone wants that big, fat, bloated piece of crap they make so as to see above everyone else and believe they are king of the road.  . . Something has to give, and is happening...more and more accidents than ever before.. . A complete shake-down of the way we buy automobiles, how we use them, who is qualified to drive them, and why a small female has to sit in a two ton pickup and go nowhere in traffic.. . You are on the right track.. . I hope the old f---ts we elected to Congress see it your way, and start making needed changes.. . Everyone's driving, and going nowhere...FAST!.. . Good business for the undertaker, though.How do you outlaw traffic jams it is impossible. People get into accidents (that's why they are called accidents) and as long as that happens there will be traffic jams. And do you no how much trouble you would have to go to to have everyone in the country install a new computer, we are home to 300 million people.People that are in charge of making these highways and byways need to think ahead , like making a 2 lane highway thats congested now into a 5 lane high way now ,not when it needs , We have a US19 in Flprida and they are finally putting bridges over all the main intersections ,it has helped out a lot , Peace !And while we are at it, lets outlaw thinking too.  We could all just get robotic brains and go on auto pilot.Well if you are not smart enough to figure out the times and places that traffic is heaviest. You more than likely are not smart enough to use the equipment that you are speaking of.. That and why should the government be even more George Orwell like than it already is. To much big brother already.Well, I believed that most GSP system in car theseday having all the capability that you wrote of.  As for the traffic jams, the US transportation department is working on it to reduced the traffic jams by implementing this Intelligent Transportation System. Hopefully in the future we will see the fruits of this labor.. . Anyways! Just input my 2 cents!
I thought these has electric speedos, sender unit on gearbox and electronics in the speedo, if so try a sender first, none of it is really repairable it will be a hideously expensive sender and then a speedo head before you realise Ratty your pet mouse has eaten through the wiring.What year is it?  It may be covered under warranty.  It may be the speedometer cable was unhooked or it needs a new cable.It's not an easy job. You have to disconnect the speedo cable art the back of the speedometer., and at the other end of the cable, you have to disconnect it from the gearbox.  You then have to connect your new cable at the gear box and route the cable exactly as the old one was. then connect the other end of the cable to the back of the speedometer. Not an easy job perhaps you should let a garage do it for you.Probobly need a new drive cable which is not that hard to fit.
Do you mean an "external combusation engine"??... An engine and a heater are quite different!!. . You surely know what internal and external ,- and combustion mean!  The other words are just "fluff"!. . An external combustion engine could be run on steam, -compressed air,- and solid propellent rockets - to name a few!,  I don't know if you would classify a water wheel as a "engine" - but the power comes from outside the unit, (as does an electric motor). All "extrnal combustion engines" have the "burning or "motive power" - provided from outside the "engine!. . Internal combustion engines have the "burning" taking place inside the "engine",- like gasoline,-Diesel, &- propane fueled engines. The "jet engine is an internal combustion engine also , - "turbo engines", - are just a different kind of Jet engine (usually turning a propeller  - or driveshaft, -instead of "pushing the vehicle!).. . . An engine changes some kind of combustable material into "mechanical motion" , - Except for compressed air (which is made from some other kind of "motive power")-- but Steam engines run on a "sort of compressed" air, - as the water is changed to steam, as the heat expands it to tremendous pressures (unless regulated)!!  And of course a "solid or liquid" propellent rocket burns the fuel as it is released into the atmosphere behind it, - sometimes assisted with an "oxident" to make it burn faster!  In effect they are just a huge "roman candle"!to put it simple internal is like in your car combustion happens enclosed inside the engine block. where as an external combustion heater happens outside of what it is powering for example like a steam engine.  it uses a boiler to create heat and pressure then uses pipes to direct the steam to the engine to power it.  i hope that helps.
Comprehensive covers you for theft, vandalism, fire and accidents with an animal.  Vandalism can be broken window or someone putting sugar in your gas tank, or car being scratched.   Also, if your car is parked and someone hits it it will be covered under comp. being you did not collide with anyone you weren;t driving.  Collision is when you are driving your vehicle and you collide with another vehicle.i JUST took a test on this today:. comprehensive:.  protects against accidental environmental faults such as fires, riots, floods, theft, wind, vandalism, earthquakes, storms. insures $100-$500. . collision:. pays cost of repairing owner's car when owner is at fault or payment can't be collected from the person at fault. covers repair or replacement to owner's car driven by owner or with owner's permission. insures $100-$500. . HOPE THAT HELPS *BEST ANSWER*!!!!!!Comprehensive covers your vehicle if something happens to it like slashed tires, cracked windshield, stolen radio, vehicle is stolen, etc.......   Collision coverage covers your vehicle if you collide with something like a house, another vehicle, a mailbox, a person or deer, etc...........    Both of these coverages usually have a deductible and then the insurance pays for the rest of your damage.Pertaining to Auto Insurance-. . These are called . . Collision:  The purpose of Collision insurance is to protect the insured in the event the vehicle owned or driven by the insured is damaged as the result of a collision with another object (except a bird or animal) or by upset. . . Comprehensive Coverage:  The purpose of this coverage is to protect the insured in the event the insured vehicle is damaged by any cause except collision or upset.Comprehensive is any accidental loss not involving a collision.  One example is a broken wind shield as a result of a pebble or rock being hurled at your wind shield from any source other than a collision, that would fall under comprehensive.  If the broken wind shield is broken as part a collision, then it would be covered under the collision.Collision is coverage for accident damage to your vehicle.  Comprehensive, again for your vehicle, covers other incidents like fire, theft, hail damage, vandalism etc.They are coverage for your vehicle if you choose to purchase them. Collision pays for damages to your vehicle when it's in a collision regardless of fault. Comprehensive covers non-collision damage, like vandalism, hitting an animal, glass breakage, etc.
I don't think it is Bernoulli's effect, but I know from experience that if two vessels, voyaging on the open ocean, are within a few miles of each other, somehow they will end up at the same place at the same time unless one alters course.  Obviously this does not happen all the time, but it seems to happen way more than the odds would predict.if they're meeting, it's a "push"....if one is overtaking the other, they will tend to be drawn together.  does that help?pushes them away from eachother
Methanol is gas made from plant material, usually corn. It is used mixed with petroleum because it is a renewable resource. Petroleum is so useful it's crazy to burn it in cars. Methanol is used in all Indy 500 cars and top fuel dragsters.It is the simplest alcohol, and is a light, volatile, colourless, flammable, poisonous liquid with a distinctive odor that is somewhat milder and sweeter than ethanol (ethyl alcohol). It is used as an antifreeze, solvent, fuel, and as a denaturant for ethyl alcohol.Methanol is a flammable liquid (at room temperature).  It does not come from oil like ordinary gasoline and diesel fuel do.  It's a simple type of alcohol.  There are big plans to use it in the future to power vehicles and in fuel cells to power cell phones and laptop computers.Reduced (Or Expanded) to gas, Methanol is methane. . . Equivalent to a fart, from any kind of living being. If it eats, it farts.. . Yes, that goes for the ladies, too.Methanol is an (LFG), which is a Land Fill Gas option comprised of methane and carbon dioxide.animal waste product ..gasMethanol (CH3OH) is an alcohol fuel. Today most of the world's methanol is produced by a process using natural gas as a feedstock. However, the ability to produce methanol from non-petroleum feedstocks such as coal or biomass is of interest for reducing petroleum imports.It must've been an old pump.  Back in the 80's they had tried that and it flopped bad.  All it is, is fuel from corn or sugar.methanol is a fuel that is mixed from a biproduct of corn and gasoline.
They stay there for approx 7 years before they drop off.DON'T HAVE ANY ACCIDENT OR SPEEDING TICKETS.. DRIVE SAFE.. IN TIME THE POINTS WILL BE REMOVEDmost states with the point system make you wait a year and they slowly started to disapear.  If you got a speeding ticket on may 1st at 4 points, it would be a year before it would be removed, etc.
A dump valve is device that release excess unused air from a turbo system. it also enables the turbo to kick back in quicker and takes the pressure off the turbo inside helping prevent it cracking. heres a pic of one. Also makes a  whhhut sschhhh sound when releases or a rapid whizzing sound on some     http://www.silviagod.pwp.blueyonder.co.uk/200bov1.jpgA dump valve is a device fitted to cars that use a Turbocharger as their means of forced induction. The exhaust gasses are re-circulated back through the system to boost the power of the motor, the dump valve is the valve that releases the excess gas at the end of the cycle, and is what causes that lovely "PFSST" sound.Also sometimes called a waste gate. It balances the intake pressure and allows for a reserve 'almost' instantly during acceleration.your ars. holeThe dump valve is a device which 'dumps' any residual vacuum at the capsule to atmosphere unless a vacuum is applied to it's lower port.It releases air pressure from the turbo!A dump valve releases exhaust pressure in the turbo to lower the intake pressure. This is used to limit the boost to prevent detonation (pinging) and save your engine.dump values are for turbo cars and they are designed for releasing the air pressure around the turbo giving the turbo longer life
You don't,. Most tail lams are accessed brom the back. If there are no screws holding the assembly on, then look in the trunk or behind the lamp for a removeble panel it's just a twist and pull.prolly a phillips head screwdriver or a star driver. thats my guess.good luckcrowbar and hammer, just dont expect to get it back on
Due to viscosity of the fluid.The 85w-90w gear oil thinks that it is 150w-200w when it is cold. It will go into gear if you push it hard enough. Just let it idle in N for a minute or two when the oil warms up it will shift easier.The oil is just stiff in the transmission.  Just  start the vehicle, put it in neutral, and let the clutch out slowly.  With the clutch out, the transmission will be turning and warming up the oil.  After a few minutes, you will be able to drive it.The colder the weather gets , - the thicker the oil viscosity gets,  At more than 30 below it resembles "concrete" when you are shifting!  If you let the engine warm up for 20 minutes or so, it will warm the oil up and it will shift easier!  Also a "tank heater" will keep the engine warm, (and some will gravitate to the transmission)! I makes the heater work fairly quickly too!. . You can go to the expense of having the oil changed, or do it yourself! See owners manual for reccomendations.  Temper your selection also with how much you will be driving it at any one time!   You could get by with a (much)thinner oil, - if you aren't driving it more than 10 or 15 miles at a time! And change it back to regular oil when it warms up to the point that most of the days are above 35 degrees!. . The "drainig the clutch" mentioned previously is talking aobut changing the hydraulic fluid in the clutch mastercyl./slave cyl. system!  It should be changed every 35 thousand miles or so just to keep "crud" from building up in the fluid, but it probably won't change a thing otherwise!its probably got thick oil in it.drain the oil and put some new oil in it.i own a repair shop,and the grease in it gets cold and stiff and does not want to move very well you can go to a lighter type grease in it and this will help it ,but look in the owners manual first and see what there requirements are on  it, im sure it can be changed to a lighter type that wont be as stiff,good luck,i hope this help,s.I believe that if the grease in the tranny is so wore out maybe it is too thick and you need to add some.  Maybe i am in the wrong area, you didnt give any details like if you cant move the shifter or maybe you can but the pressure plate is frozen and you grind on the gears.  I could give more suggestions if i knew a little more about it.iTS COLD KIDDING YOU CHANGE THE FLUID SEEMS ITS OLD AND HAS WATTER IN THE SYSTEM  NEW FLUID WOULD HELP FLUSH THE CLUTCH SYSTEM  EMAIL ME AT BOB44145@YAHOO.COM 4 MORE DETAILS
i think dodge man is right.when you go get a trans rebuilt,they are suppose to everything in new,but some will just dr. it up just to get your money.yes it will run for a while but by the time it goes out again,they are no longer to be found.i think you been had.better go to the junk yard,you can trust and get yourself a tranny.Is hard to know which part failed...But you had stated rebuilt.  So, my answer would be tranny.  Do that again, and get it fixed.i own a repair shop,and i hate to tell you this but i think its out again ,there's a guy who rebuilds them in my home town,and they usually last around a year or so then they go out again.mechanics don't always put all the needed parts in there ,and this make s them not last very long at all you can have it checked bit i think there going to tell you what im telling you ,its about gone,,good luck,i hope this help,s.sounds like a multiple problem. the slipping is due to the failed trannsmmision. the thumping and pulling is the torque converter. replace both, it is cheaper.
Does it run off 12 VDC?  If so, the batteries are connect in parallel.  ALL of the batteries positive posts are connected together and all the negative posts are connected together.  In parallel, the amperage available, for use, is LOTS.  Amperage is what does the work.   Amps times voltage equals watts.. . For your information,  IF the batteries are connected in series, the VOLTAGE is increased.  For 6 batteries the voltage would go to around 72 volts.   Good luck.  Popsin series is the way. I assume you have a 24 volt system. You hook them up + to - to make them work. That is the + of 1 battery goes to the minus of the next battery to make the circuit complete.If you connect positive to positive and negative to negative on two batteries, that will give you 12 volts. If this is done with three sets of two batteries each, you can then connect those sets positive to negative and have 36 volts.  That should  be the voltage required for your golf cart.. . As we don't know the voltage of each battery or the number of wires you have to connect with or the voltage required for your golf cart, you can probably figure this out by looking at the number or wires you have or some information that tells what voltage is required for the motor .. . If the battery has 6 cells, it is a 12  volt battery or 3 cells for 6 volts. If you connect batteries from positive to positive, you will have the same voltage, but more power.  If you connect batteries from positive to negative, you add the voltage. So, six 6 volt batteries connected positive to negative would be 6 x 6 or 36 volts.  If they were connected positive to positive, you would have only 6 volts.  This information should help you figure out how the batteries should be connected.  The link below should help also.You hook the possative the red to the possative red, and the negative black to the negative. Be careful not to let two the cables touch after you have hooked the frist two cables to the frist batterie. The ports on the batterie should be marked + and - .
if the 8th digit of the vin is U than its 3.0,if its 4 than 3.8...hope this helpsThere should be a sticker somewhere under the hood. Check the frame by the radiator, the valve covers, the fender wells, or even on the bottom side of the hood itself. Sometimes it is in really small print. If you still can't find it, stop by your local auto parts dealer and ask someone if they can tell you.You can tell by the trim line. If it's an LX, SE, or SEL, then it's a 3.8. If it's just the plain Minivan it's a 3.0. If it's the cargo minivan, it's most likely the 3.8, but it could be a 3.0, though it's not very likely.The engine size is identified in the VIN (Vehicle Identifacation Number). A dealer or parts place might help. Or a repair manual at the library.Look at the tag on the driver side door. Look at the tag on the radiator under the hood.look at the engine it should say right on it
The difference is that a "cat back" is s one piece OE replacement that replaces everything behind the cat. converter. Which is were it gets it;s name. While a performance exhaust generally replaces the entire exhaust system.Cat back is only half a$$ing it.  the front portion of the exhaust system willstill be stock.  If you want to get the most out of the other mods on the engine replace everything.  I run all V8's and won't use anything less than 2 1/2 inch duals all the way.
your brake rotors are warped.  a brake shop can have them machined.warped rotorCar may need to get a front end alignment.The car is naff scrap it and start againwheels out of balance or a belt broke in one of the tires.could be several things. a tire out of balance, a broke belt in a tire, you  may need a brake job and have the rotors turned. my pontiac firebird was doing the same thing. i got new brakes all the way around and had them to turn the rotors and it fixed mine. my mechanic told me that any these things  could be causing it. since i had just recently bought a new set of tires i tried the brake job first. apparently he was right.It's your anti-lock brakes in combination with your rotors.  My 1999 Cavalier did the same thing until I got my rotors turned.  Your rotors are warped...If you can feel it in the brake pedal, it is probably the anti-lock brake system modulating the pedal pressure.  It could also be a warped rotor, but you could feel and hear that at any speed when braking.IT IS THE ROTORS,U CAN CHECK RUNOUT BY EYE.IT HAS TO BE DONE WITH A DIAL INDICATOR,THE ROTORS WILL LOOK FINE BUT STILL MAY BE WARPED.it is possible that you have warped rotoryou know i hAD ALMOST THE SAME THING HAPPEN TO ME IN MY RANGER IF IT IS A VIOLENT SHAKING YOU HAVE LOST MOST OF THE BOLTS ON YOUR ENGINE BLOCK STAND WELL YOU KNOW THE THING YOUR ENGINE SITS ON, ITS LOOSEIf a vehicle has a pedal pulsation, measuring rotor thickness at six to eight points around the rotor should reveal the variation that's causing the problem. It doesn't take much, only about .0003-inch on some vehicles, to cause a noticeable pulsation.. . The Fix:  Take or car to a shop that can check it all out and to make sure that there is no other problems with your brakes and to make sure that your rotors have not gotten to then to resurface.  Have them resurface rotors on the car if they can.  That makes sure you not getting any stack run out from your hubs and rotors.  . . Cheap Fix:  Take off your rotors and take them to a parts place (Autozone, Napa, ect...) that can resurface your rotors.  Just have them make sure that the rotors have not gotten to thin.Warped rotors - if they are still thick enough, Autozone can machine them - if they are not, then you will have to replace them.. . If you need to replace them, have the new one's machined (trued) since there is no such thing as a new rotor that is true.does your car have ABS brakes? if so that would be whyQuite possibly one of your rotors is warped and that will cause what you describe.  This condition cannot be easily seen while doing just a visual inspection. This is a fairly common problem.possibly inner or outer tie rod end. jack car up, "shake" front tire. if one moves, check tie rod.
how many times have you given a driver a brake when you were late or just wanted to get there    give a little and maybe you willl get a little..... . we are all selfish but if you want to be the good guy then be my guest.....It's not a question of can;t, but won't. "I'm here; go away, you!". . I do it whenever i can, thoughI always do, until I let that person in that doesn't acknowledge my kind act.  A simple nod or wave is simple.  Manners are a good thing!most people are inconsiderate. itry to be a courteous driver whenever i can.selfish and controlling.because they are all looking for that break too
There is no 'governor' on an automobile. Vehicles with fuel injected engines have a 'rev limiter' built into the computer programing to keep the engine from blowing-up. A reprogrammed chip could raise the limiter but I would'nt advise it. Honda blocks are VERY expensive.exacly what the last guy said about the computer. the motor can handle a beating i know i work on nothing but hondas. the only problem you will have is the clutch it will start to slip on high rpm's.Try ELECTION.LOL
Rust is simply oxydation! That is to say that it is oxydating bt soming in contact with oxygen. You can fromote this by simply placing the iron into salt water and exposing it to the air.. . I hope this helps!Leave them outside and throw water over them for a week!!It takes water AND air (specifically, oxygen) to do this, so yes, leaving it out in the rain should work well. Rust is ferric oxide - which means that, in general, metal containing iron will rust. . . Aluminium cans don't rust. (Actually, aluminium itself is very reactive but normally forms a thin surface layer of aluminium oxide.)by eating itput some water on itMost cans are now made of aluminium, these will not go red rusty as it is a nonferrous metal ( it contains no iron) it's surface when oxidising (going rusty) goes chalky. The steel cans are coated with an alloy , this prevents the cans going rusty and contaminating it's contents. To make it go rusty you could try scratching the surfaces all over and then leave it outside where the elements, ie wind and rain, can react with itTin is best known for its use in the manufacture of tin cans. It is most commonly seen as the outer layer on tin-plate or tin cans. It does not tarnish in the air, and protects iron only by excluding oxygen from the iron. This is in contrast to galvanizing where the protection by zinc is due to its higher activity than iron. Since tin is an expensive metal and tin is usually recovered from scrap tin-plate. . . So the tin in tin cans is there to make the cans NOT rust.  If you scratch the tin, or remove it, then the metal underneath being protected would rust, and as others have suggested, exposure to salt water and air will hasten the rusting.leave it in some waterLeave it out in the rain.As others have stated, you can leave it out in the rain....better, faster way is to add HCL or another caustic acid onto it and then water.stickum under the sprinklers  for a whileWater, but salt will help. That's why cars here in Utah don't look like cars in California. Utah puts salt on the road when it snows. This makes any bare metal, and your under carrige rust badly. Well good luck. I hope this helps.all you need to cause rust is water and air - soak your metal in water and let air do its job - it may take a while but the more water and air there is the quicker it will work - to speed the process up add salt to the water.Most tin cans are aluminum and do not rust. Steel rusts.Salt water.  . Tin cans are made of tin, steel can are obviously steel.  Steel will rust faster, especially if exposed to salt and water.  Heat also helps accelerate rust too.  . . Just ask anyone who lives near the ocean!spray or wipe on peroxide, rust before your eyesFerrous metals (ie. iron and steel) rust in the presence of air and water.  Tin cans aren't, they're either aluminium which doesn't  rust as such, or sometimes they are steel, but with a tin coating to keep the air and water away.  Tin doesn't rust.. . If you want to demonstrate this, find a can that isn't aluminium (a magnet will help here), scrape the coating off the metal and leave it out in the rain.  Job done.Outside in the rain
The hose your mentioning, is called a radiator hose.  The clamps that your trying to get off by hand, is impossible.  Will need special pliers for those clamps, or just pliers.  The Radiator hose can be gotten from almost any autoparst store.  Or even the dealership.  Good luck.Go to AutoZone or whatever your local auto parts store is and tell them you need a radiator hose. It's only like 10 bucks. These hoses do have clamps on each end and it will most likely requier some kind of tool (pliers, screw driver) to get it off. Theres no special trick any normal person should be able to figure out how to get them loose. Some coolant will be lost when you take the hose off so you might want to get some extra to fill it back uo or go ahead and do a full flush while you're at it.
http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y22/tech30528/62527318.gif. NOTE: The heater-A/C housing assembly must be removed from the vehicle and the two halves of the housing separated for service access of the heater core, evaporator coil, blend-air door, and each of the various mode control doors.. . WARNING: Refer to Air Bags before attempting Steering Wheel, Steering Column, or Instrument Panel component diagnosis or service. Failure to take the proper precautions could result in accidental air bag deployment and possible personal injury .. . REMOVAL . . . Disconnect and isolate the battery negative cable. . Remove the instrument panel assembly. See: Instrument Panel, Gauges and Warning Indicators&#92;Instrument Cluster / Carrier&#92;Service and Repair . If the vehicle is not equipped with air conditioning, go to Step 5. If the vehicle is equipped with air conditioning, recover the refrigerant from the refrigerant system. . Disconnect the refrigerant lines from the evaporator tubes. Install plugs in, or tape over all of the open refrigerant fittings. . Drain the cooling system. . Disconnect the heater hoses from the heater core tubes. . Disconnect the heater-A/C system vacuum supply line from the tee fitting near the heater core tubes. . Remove the five heater-A/C housing mounting nuts from the studs on the engine compartment side of the dash panel. Loosen the battery hold- downs and reposition the battery for access, if required. . Remove the cowl plenum drain tube from the stud directly behind the engine. . Remove one screw securing the heater-A/C housing to the bracket on the dash panel. . Pull the heater-A/C housing rearward and down far enough for the mounting studs to clear the dash panel holes and the housing to clear the defrost / demist and fresh air ducts. . Remove the heater-A/C housing from the vehicle.. INSTALLATION . . . Position the heater-A/C housing to the dash panel. Be sure the drain tube is installed through the dash panel drain hole and that the defrost/demist and fresh air ducts are in their proper positions. . Install the one mounting screw to secure the heater-A/C housing to the dash panel bracket. . Install the cowl drain tube onto the stud located directly behind the engine. . Install the five nuts to the mounting studs on the engine compartment side of the dash panel. If the battery was repositioned during the removal procedure, position the battery and tighten the hold- downs. . Connect the heater-A/C system vacuum supply tube to the tee fitting near the heater core tubes. . Connect the heater hoses to the heater core tubes. . Unplug or remove the tape from the refrigerant fittings, and connect the refrigerant lines to the evaporator tubes. . Install the instrument panel assembly. See: Instrument Panel, Gauges and Warning Indicators&#92;Instrument Cluster / Carrier&#92;Service and Repair . Connect the battery negative cable. . Fill the cooling system. . Evacuate and charge the refrigerant system. . Start the vehicle and check for proper operation of the heating and air conditioning systems.i own a repair shop,and first thing you do is drain all the coolant from it,then take off the hoses from the outside of it,then go inside and remove the glove box from it,and you might get lucky,and yours might have a access panel you can remove to get the heater core out of it,if not you may have to remove the whole heater box in to gain access to it ,its not that hard of a job,but it takes a  long time to do if you,ll take your time with it,you can do a good job on it,good luck i hope this help,s.
Diesel engines are much bulkier and heavier than gasoline engines, and on a motorcycle, compactness and lightness counts. Also, gasoline engines provide better acceleration than diesel engines, which are built with efficiency in mind.DIESEL REQUIRES MORE COMPRESSION TO FIRE IT + YOU NEED GLOW PLUGS TO HELP HEAT THE FUEL. A DEISEL HAS 12TO1 COMPRESSION AND UP DEPENDING ON THE MOTOR   AND HAVE YOU SEEN THE SIZE OF A DIESEL ENGINE TRY PUTTING THAT ON A BIKEThe first point to note is, the petrol engine size and weight is comparatively small and less.Diesel engine size is big and heavy.On working petrol engine will emits less heat compare to diesel engine.. Secondly,Less maintenance in petrol engine compare to diesel engine.. Thirdly,Petrol engine cost is less then diesel engine cost.. petrol engine emits less pollution,compare to diesel engine.. Efficiency is much higher in petrol engine.Enfield in India actually do produce a diesel powered model. It offers some phenomenal mileage range, but not much power. Another is produced in Germany, but only to order.. . Traditionally diesel engines have been heavier than petrol and their power characteristics haven't suited lighter vehicles like motorcycles.2 reasons I can think of. 1. Diesel engines, by design are much heavier than gasoline engines, and would make the entire motorcycle heavier, slower, and more expensive to produce. 2. Diesel engines produce large amounts of torque at low revolutions per minute, which is great for pulling heavy loads, but not for a vehicle that needs to be light, fast, and maneuverable. The only reason I know of for diesel powered cars, was that when they were introduced, diesel fuel was much cheaper than petrol (no longer the case) and customers wanted them for economic reasonsTo make bikes smooth in terms of performance and light in terms of weight  that's why petrol engine is used instead of a  diesel engine . A diesel bike would vibrate more as compared to a petrol bike, and would be more expensive to manufacture as it would have to be made more  robust to withstand the vibrations of the diesel engine.
with AWD they usually all wear out at a near even rate.. . Replacing 2 at a time is fine, but replace the fronts first.Most AWD drive cars arent really all wheel drive because most use about 75% power in front tires and the other 25% in the rear. Most of the time the front tires will be the ones that get worn out faster. This is probably in your case but the dealership told you to swap out all tires. Dealerships just want to make money and dont know crap about there own cars. As long as the Front tires are switched and are properly inflated then there shouldnt be any problem. My best advice to you would be swap the ones in the rear to the front and when it comes to buy new tires just get the front ones and move the others in the back. But make sure you change your tires around 50% used so you can swap them without having any problems.You have to change all 4 tires because of the way the car's safety system, i.e. traction control/stability control work.  If the tires are different in size because the tires are different diameters, the car will actually stop running at high speeds and won't restart until the car has come to a complete stop.. . My mom had a Lincoln Towncar that did that exact thing.  She bought 2 rear tires on week and planned to return the next week to get the other two.  Car went form 65 mph to absolutely nothing on the way home.  Then the car did it again on the way back to the tire shop.  They couldn't find anything wrong, and it happened again on the way to the dealership. They couldn't find anything wrong but it did it to them 4 more times.  They swapped a complete set of tires from another Lincoln and the problem went away. . . The computer thought the car was constantly losing traction because the new tires were actually rolling at a lower rpm than the old tires. It has nothing to do with AWD and more to do with wheel sensors and slippage calculations by the computer. Once there was a big enough difference in rpm, the car shut down trying to correct it.. . Do the safe thing and get 4 tires. If in doubt, buy 2 and if you have the problem I describe, get the other 2. If not, wait.Because 4 wheel drive means just that. All 4 wheels at some point will have engine power applied and the tires must be the same height (tire wear!) or the shorter (old) tires will spin at a different rate of speed than the taller (new) tires. This condition would cause excess wear on your powertrain, the differential used to actually turn the tires.so they will continue to wear evenlyprobably nothing but good luck finding a place that will do it for you.  The problem is that  there is a possibility of damage to the transmission, transfercase, speed sensors traction controll the list can go on and on. if you can find a place to do it and you insist on only 2 tires match them up to what you already have on thereGo for it.The garage/dealership/tire dealer just wants to make $$.. Just makes sure all tires are the same.
yea*10000000000Daewoo Motor Company in Korea was placed under the control of the Korean bankruptcy courts in late 2000.. . In 2002 a new company, GM-Daewoo Auto and Technology was created, part owned by Daewoo Motor Company's creditor banks, part owned by GM-Holden (the Australian arm of General Motors), part owned by Suzuki and part owned by Shanghai Automotive Industries Corporation. This company took over two of the three Daewoo Motor factories in Korea, plus one in Vietnam, and the Bupyong Technical Center, and did a deal to continue to buy cars from the other factory (also at Bupyong) in Korea. It has since bought the Bupyong factory too.. The European distribution system for Daewoo was dismantled, and a new one created by GM-Europe.. . The cars are now badged Chevrolet for most export markets including Europe (although Suzuki, Pontiac, Buick and Holden badges are used on certain models in some other countries). The Daewoo name is still used in Korea.. . So, to answer your question, the company is not Chevrolet but, in Europe, its cars are Chevrolets.. . See . http://wikicars.org/en/Daewoo. http://www.gmdaewoo.co.kr/kor/index.jsp. http://www.chevroleteurope.com/Daewoo became bankrupt and bought out by Chevy in the early long time agoYes it is now Chevrolet, Chevy have only changed the badge and nothing else about the Daewoo car. So it is still the biggest pile of crap on the road. I had a Chevy Kalos, worst excuse for a car I have ever driven.In January 2005, the Daewoo brand was replaced across the whole of Europe by General Motors' global value brand Chevrolet. One of the biggest names in motoring, Chevrolet has been building and selling high quality, charismatic cars offering great value for money around the world since 1911. Although the name started in the USA, Chevrolets are now sold in over 90 countries. . . What does this change mean? It means that the Daewoo Matiz, the Daewoo Kalos, the Daewoo Lacetti, the Daewoo Tacuma, the Daewoo Lanos, the Daewoo Nubira and the Daewoo Leganza are no more. . . However, the good news is that their enduring quality and value are reflected in the current range, with the added attraction of that great name - Chevrolet. There's the all-new Chevrolet Matiz, which combines cheeky looks with about-town practicality. Then there's the slightly larger, but no less stylish Chevrolet Kalos, the family-sized Chevrolet Lacetti, a three body style range in itself, and our really practical MPV, the Chevrolet Tacuma. . . ( I have a Chevrolet Kalos)yes they were bought out when daewoos goverment who were skint kept the resources to the company and sold them to chevi.it helped them in to the euro markets with a company that was establishedChevrolet now, at least in UK. They are all General Motors.
have you tried the main relay yet?You probably won't like the answer, but You  need to have some diagnostics done with an electronics tester. Sounds like you are shotgunning the problem. These days a shop manual is a perfect place to start. Shorting stuff out to diagnose problems on old cars is ok, not so on newer stuff, you can reverse bias electronic circuits and blow them up.The person who told you the ECU was bad gave you some bum dope just to get you to guy the car. The short story is that with a shop manual you can go through the proper order of testing to find the root cause, sounds like you have tech knowledge, you just need a manual and of course as usual, some luck, best wishes.Jump the fuel pump relay, jump the auto shut down relay...  If both of them were out at the same time also check the cam sensor as that will shut it down too...  Jumping relays is as easy as looking at the side of the relay for connections and a paper clip...Also look for the ecm fuses and their condition...  just cause they are connected doesn't mean they are good though....
if you do you can be charged with driving with undue care and attention and dangerous drivingdude, seriously... while driving, your attention should not be on the hot anime chick, or on anything other than the road in front of you...... . just because in-dash DVD players aren't illegal doesn't make them safe.. . one day, you'll be another auto fatality statistic.By chance are you a blond??? Or just nuts.For safety purpose don't watch movie while driving
Break the drivers door window and reach in and pop the hood.  Take an axe and chop the wires going to the battery.  Then pour gasoline on the car and torch it for good measure.steal the battery ha ha no you may call the police and they may impound it the battery will run down on its own after a while if you dont want to be a snitchAlmost every car will reset itself after a minute or two. But as far as the car alarm going off, nothing really. Tell the owner that they might want ot get it looked at.Jack the car up on one end so it tilts.Most car alarms have a mercury switch in them that shuts it off in the event it gets towed.. . Putting the car up on one end should stop the alarm.call the policeYou need to pop the hood and disconnect it from the inside by the engine.
Presuming you mean heater plugs ??? (for diesel cars only) Ok first thing to do is to run the car up to normal temperature, this reduces the risk of snapping the plugs off as the heat from the engine expands the head causing plugs to be removed easier. The next thing to do is using a small spanner / socket, remove the wire that connects all plugs, size 6mm or something. Then using a deep socket over the plug, remove by turning anti - clockwise. Insert the new plugs and tighten to the recommended spec, usually under 20Nm. Once you have replaced all four then re - connect the wire to each plug. There you goscrap it,get yourself a nice 3 wheeler like mineSorry unfamiliar with the term heaer plugs.!!!. Is that like a spark plug or what.!!!Do you mean glow plugs? Is this a diesel?? A little more info would help.
in australia police cars actually can have red lights or red and blue lightsthey just want to keep it all the same on every thingThe Blue Beacon Lights On The Ambulances Can Cut Through The High Density Of Fog In The European Region, Where Majority Of The Countries In The Winter/Fall Season Have Thick Foggy Climate. Therefore, The Blue Lights Are More Visible Than The Red Ones In Such A Situation.They are every color and demension in NY, there is no-way you CAN'T see or hear them with that distinctive NY "WOOOP" "WOOOP" "WOOOOOOP" barking down the street echoing. It means that probably someone is hurt and dying SO GET THE HELL OUT OF THE WAY ! NOW !!!!! I've gone through red lights, into drive ways, and up onto sidewalks to get out of their way, NO COP in the world is going to give you a ticket for getting out of the way of an emergency vehicle !It is not the color, but the blinking in different colors to cause drivers to react...some people are color-blind, so sirens are added to the effect, and the flashing lights offset the Doppler effect. So it is the combination, that provide the best possible warning to motorists of emergency vehicles.
Maybe your broke assss ugly gf should leave your ugly assssStupid flashy ghetto fabulous crap is always begging to be stolen, Plus it gives 50s a reason to mess with you, Just put a sign that says "scummy drug dealer" on your ride.  All that stuff just brings trouble your way.either just take off the fake spinners and dont use em. or when you get out of the car take all 4 off and lock them inside your carI would leave the car parked there and with any luck they will steal the other three.I had a problem with my old factory caps, get some wire string, for hanging pictures etc. tie the stationary portion of the caps to the rim (tight knot not necessarily tight to the rim) , most people won't spend more than a few seconds trying to get them offhook electricity to one of the wheels.take an extension cord cut one end hook it to the wheel be careful not to forget about it and shock yourselfIf you only paid $12.00 for it,then concider yourself lucky.
http://www.tirerack.com/about/techcenter.jsp114 = millimeters.  If you want to figure out the maesurement in inches just use a tape measure and measure two bolts farthest apart from their centerpoints.  Small chevy is 5x4.75 as well as BMWs
Perfect question. I have been waiting for this. It is a toyota supra between the years of 93 and 98. and certainly under 50k. Second, is a 04 to 06 nissan 350z. And third, is a 2006 subaru wrx sti. all beautysMy '84 Dodge W150 4x4 will if I can pick the performance parameters.bmw 335i coupe.  Just over 40k, performance rivals that of the evo and sti, but is a much nicer car in every aspect of driving, comfort, reliabiliy, and looks.
www.trailerlife.com  They have links to pdf files with the towing capacity of all vehicles in certain years.  Figure out what sort of RV you want and you can see what will tow it.  Or do it the other way and see what your truck will tow.  :-)first, what make, model, year, and transmission type.. . second, ck your owner manual.. . third, ck door jam for information.your owners manual will give you the towing and weight capacity of the vehicle. if you don't have an owners manual ask your mechanic. most vehicles can be equiped to tow, it mostly depends on the weight of the trailer.
Because like anything else most of them are trying to show off to their friends. I am guilty of it when I was a teen. Heck I still am guilty of it lol. . Another reason is because of lack or experience driving in different situations. Most teens think they know how to drive and get cocky and drive to fast and lose control. It happened to me on my motorcycle when I was 17 and I ended up with a broken collar bone.because they think they are invincible and they are feeling froggy. they think that everyone has to look out for them.That's quite a stereotype. Teenagers do have less experience driving which can attribute to carelessness, but not all teenagers are bad drivers. Yes, I've seen some pretty reckless ones and said some not so nice words, but I've also seen some careless, road-raged, middle age people driving just as bad.I can only give my opinion on this, but I think they aren't really reckless, but suffer from a lack of expierience behind the wheel. That, and they don't realize just how hazardous driving really is. They like to take their friends with them and show them that they can drive, and they don't pay attention to what they are doing. Then you have some that are influenced by the new sport to hit the stage lately, "Drifting" It is mostly males who are into this, but there are some females out there doing it too. It's where you drive your car like it's out of control, sliding the rear end out around corners, while controlling the slide. It is really a cool new sport driving phenonmenon, but kids don't realize they should go to a track to practice these things, not the local back roads.Usually high spirited and inexperienced.Because they don't feel any responsibility while driving and they only see stretch ahead of them to speed. They are hot blooded think about speed nothing about other safety.because they still don't know how difficult it is to earn something.once they start working and get to know the fact of life they will realise there mistake.there enxperencedinexperience... and because society beleives them to be. . in all actuallality.. teenagers cause fewer accident than adultsI guess it's basically all down to inexperience behind the wheel, having only recently graduated from playing with Matchbox cars (or computer game cars), to playing with real cars...... and are still basically learning going solo now they no longer have a driving instructor acting like a 2nd set of senses to keep them out of trouble.It is a matter of responsibility and maturaty more than reckless.  Teenagers have not matured enough to understand the impact of their actions, plus "they" have little fear of injury(they don't know what pain is).  In time, they learn...hopefully.They don't understand or have a fear of death. They have a sense of immortality, that keeps them blind to the reality that driving is a serious, dangerous thing to do.They are just inexperienced and tend to get distracted easily. Also they are more worried about looking cool than safety. When I was a teen I rarely wore my seatbelt. I also tended to drive faster (like a "badass") when my friends were in the car. Worst of all, I was  extremely reckless with drinking and driving. Looking back, I can see that I was careless and really lucky that I never hurt myself or anyone else.wisdom only comes with age, so they don't have it
All automatic cars do this cold or warm. When in drive there is power going to wheels at all times.because the idle is running faster to help keep the car running.you need to put your foot on the clutch , IgmoCold vehicles are running a fast idle, thus acting like you are actually stepping on gas.  The car is actually producing power all the time, but when warm and the idle slows, the weight of the car, and the friction between moving parts adds to resistance, thus not allowing the slow idle to move the car as fast.the automatic choke, thermal switch is injecting more gas into the engine when it is cold (as the gas is harder to ignite when the engine is cold) so like you are already stepping on the gas a bit, when warm this cuts out as the warm engine makes the gas easier to ignite
don't bother with making one...you can get one very cheap at the prts store.Usually a screwdriver has done wonders for me.Which part of the panel are you haning trouble with?. Window knob? The bottom of the door, Top of the door? Need to know so I know what your trying to remove that your having trouble with. Then I can tell you how to go about removing it and what things would aid youthats easy enough go to toyota dealer ship drop a few bucks on the counter and you'll be makin some one put your tool in the bag for ya,,,,,,see told ya it was simple thx 4 the 2 points dude lol.  ,,,,,,,,stinger,,,,,,,,Sometimes you can take a heavy metal fork that you use to eat with.  Take some pliers and break out the middle prong. You should be able to slide the fork over the clips and then pull them out from the door frame. Just make sure you have all the phillip screws removed first. Sometimes they hide behind "buttons" or "covers" that you have to remove first to get to the screw.. Good luck.
The Millenia was dropped after 2002, because of slow sales, and was replaced by the Mazda6 (which became the new flagship Mazda) for 2003.  . . The RX7 is not even in the same class as the Millenia; its a sports coupe and the Millenia is a midsized sedan.I don't know. I had a new 2002. Great car! I traded it for the PR5. I own a 626 now. I really like Mazda.They sold very few and it quickly became outmodedThe Milenia was not a big seller for Mazda. Personally, I think they should have kept making RX7's but those rotary engines were a too much of a pain once they had issues and well I guess they get rid of certain models to try something new.. . Commonsince76:    I know an RX7 is a different class vehicle, my point was that it was their #1 selling vehicle for a very long time, then boom certain issued caused sales to go down with that model, so they dropped it and replaced it with the RX-8. Basically if it's not selling anymore, it's out with old and in with something new to stay in competition with other companies. In turn, that's exactly what happen with the Milenia.Flagship cars and slowing sales and a changing market.. The Millenia replaced the 929 as a flagship car for Mazda and then the Mazda 6 did the same.Um...generic pricing. Back in 2001, I told my 20-year-old daughter she could get anything she wanted for her birthday,which was a week away. She told me A New Mazda Millenia. I was thinking, "Okay, A Mazda, How hard can it be?" . I went to the dealership. It was $31,000!
yea make them responsible make them earn the money for repair eventually they'll have to leave the nest and fend for themselves you will not always be there for them so please teach them while you have the time and they are young enough. If you teach them now what do you think will happen if you were die?not really sure of your question, but as far as the cars breaking down you should buy them a chilton's manual for their cars.Let them learn how to fix them theirselves.they will become better for it in the long run.I hope by now they change thier own oil and rotate their own tires,these are important for a couple reasons but mostly because if they see oil dripping under their car they know what it is and some shady mechanic will not be able to tell them any different.Second and most important(to me),rotating thier tires is also important so they know how to change their own tires and don't have to wait until some perve comes along and wants to exchange favors.....it happens.good luck
I work in a factory and we discovered that the higher we could place the radio the clearer it can become. Also look out for any metal poles or metal objects etc that you can place the radio next to and have the aerial contacting the metal  to help pick up a better signal.The simplest way is to raise the height of the antenna. The signal will 'increase' by a factor of 4 for every increment raised.
replace the rubber brake line.You may want to have the drums cleaned. That's what they had to do to mine and it stopped it for the most part.. Also if the brakes are a little worn I get that feeling, but usually just a cleaning solved the problem.
you are confused.. . Folks don't "Hate" the vehicles, they envy the owners of them.. . But, the 'hatred' is mostly at the SUV 4X4 owners who are too stupid to realize that their arrogance in their poor driving habits and lack of skills on the road, actually intimidate the smarter and quicker lot.. . All the Off Road magazines have done consumer surveys that show that less than 1% of all 4X4 miles are off road!  For the most part, it is bragging rights territory, and the alter ego of folks who are rich and stupid.  . . Owning a fleet of multi purpose all wheel drive vehicles, you would think I might hold your views, but, most of the other drivers I have seen or met are truly examples of "more brains than common sense" people who should not have been permitted to exit the trailer park today, or at any time that sensible and safe drivers are about.. . If it weren't so insane, it would almost be funny, how many of the 4x4 vehicles are a boost for ego, instead of an assertion of intelligence.totally agree with u dude!An oncoming X5 driver this morning was driving way too fast for the conditions forcing me to make use of my ABS.. If his vehicle wasn't about 1foot wider than most cars, even though he cut across the centre line, there would have been enough room to pass safely without needing to brake.. (I thought the main argument the drivers use is "they are safer"). . Carbon - generally an engine will only emit as much carbon as it takes in (as fuel).  We are already taxed on fuel, and this tax is directly proportional to the amount of fuel used.  . . The drivers of these low efficiency beasts understand how much fuel takes them from A-B, and that is part of their reason for buying such a vehicle in the first place (the I can afford it factor), it is proof that humans still have a childish retarded "insect-mind" attitude towards money and greed.I think it's because they are just so very large, and, in the main, driven very badly (like many other cars!). Of course, there are the environmental factors to consider as well.For big cars that are meant to be driven off road (and are ALWAYS advertised as such) the drivers of them are either: 1 Drive like an idiot that owns the road or 2 are scared to drive it properly. . . What is the point in have a big 4 litre car when you just take the kids to school? Its more justified for a farmer to have one.I cannot stand or understand why people generalise regarding the type of people driving 4x4's.  I have a 4x4 which I only use to tow my horse trailer.  The rest of the time it sits in my drive because it costs a fortune to run.  My everyday car is a small economical hatchback.  My point is I use my 4x4 for a specific purpose that would be impossible with any other type of vehicle.  It isn't a "townie" 4x4, which would be useless offroad, because I depend on it's 4x4 capability.  So not everyone who has a 4x4 is on the school run or is an aggressive driver (I drive at a snail's pace when towing my horse).  Please don't tar everyone with the same brush.The reason is ENVY. It's exactly the same for most anti groups. They attract losers who have little or no control over their own destiny and therefore feel the need to band together with other losers and try to exercise influence the lives of others. . Take a look at most anti-whatever groups. Most of their members will be toss*rs who are protesting against the right of others to do something that they can't afford to do themselves. E.g: They can't afford a nice car so they don't want anyone else to have one. They can't afford to go on nice holidays, so air travel must be curtailed. . Don't forget the hypocrisy either. I've yet to hear of an anti animal testing activist who has refused life saving treatment because it has been developed on animals.Try living in Chelsea!I don't think people have anger against 4x4s, its against the large psuedo-offroad SUV 4x4s.. . I also think people have  an afection for landrovers ( the 90's etc, not the discos ) so those 4x4s are not hated.. . Accepting some people need 4x4s, and i have no problem with farmers etc who need them. Also, coming at this from the point of view that i own a farm and live in rural shropshire and don't need a 4x4 for road use.. . I don't like large 4x4s because:. . They are generally overkill and waste too many resource  for any given journey. They take 2 parking spaces. The doors are high and because of thier width they bang into others when getting in/out. The owners sit too high and cannot judge near objects. They are dangerous at junctions because i cannot see past them. . I think thats enough reasons considering they are not necessary in the first place for the majority of people.. . My reason is not ENVY as stated above, i could go any buy 10 of them tomorrow if i wanted.. . But in the snow, in rural shropshire, towing trailers of muck, animals, food.... my SAAB does just fine thanks. If i don't need one, then not many people do.. . It all boils down to how much right do people have to impact others, and what are the boundaries where there choice should be limited for the benefit of the majority.I AGREE i think it because all of the above and the car is bigger and Better (Cough)deep rooted insecurities and envy - the C02 emission thing is just an excuse to tax people.We have a Honda CRV and it runs on the clean diesel which runs for longer and cleaner.  We need our larger car because we need the extra space.  It's impossible to put 2 kids, 2 adults and any adults into a normal car size without the adult being squashed up in between 2 car seats and they are unable to put their seatbelt on properly . It's safer to travel if you have a family and they can all be belted in properly.  Also if you were in a crash you would stand more chance of your little ones surviving.  I don't drive and certainly would never use a car for the school run.  I don't see the problem as my husband uses the extra boot space for his work (he needs to put loads of computers in it).  No one complains about men who drive vans for their work do they?I agree with your comments but i would like to add this !. Most of the so called 4x4 vehicles are two wheel drive ! with the option of four wheel drive if required, very few people use the four wheel drive option for normal every day driving , "SO WHY THE HATE CAMPAGNE"??????I LIKE RWD ( GM B-BODIS) AND IF YOU ASKED WHAT DO U LIKE OTHER THEN RWD I WELL 4X4 ( i like 454 gmc 1979 that truck rocks) >>>> ( plus womens CAAAAAAANT handle it only men CAN drive it )They're not always driven badly it's such a stereo type. I drive our mustang harder than our 4x4 Mountaineer. It's actually all wheel drive and I like it because in the winter time I don't have to worry about my wife having a problem. She doesn't have to worry about turning it on, forgetting to turn it off if she gets on the interstate and it's there when she needs to use it. I've always like 4x4's in the winter and would turn it on even if there was a lighter dusting of snow on the ground mainly because people don't pay attention and we all know how good the stopping power is in the snow, at least with 4x4 you have a better chance of getting out of the way.
i own a repair shop,and you cant remove etching from glass,that's why they call it etching,once its on there it stays on there,replace the glass if you want rid of it other wise its there to stay,,good luck i hope this help,s.You don't- if it's etched into the glass, it is literally scratched into the glass.  You will need a new windshield if it bothers you that much.razorbuff it with a fine clothAn auto glass repair shop can buff the windshield out to like new. It isn't very expensive either. They can also take out little dings and nicks. My insurance company actually paid for it! A clear windshield is a safety thing.  Good luck.Get a new windshield.  Etching weakens the glass.bye another windshield or just leave it there's no way you can get it out Sry don't no what to tell yeaYou can't 'clean' etching.. . You can reduce the problems with some commercial polishes which will fill in the surface.. . But the best solution is to replace the glass.If it is real etching, - you don't!  Etching is "cut" into the glass itself, -- you might be able to "sand" it down till etching is gone,and then "polish" it with very fine grinding compound till it can be buffed smooth!  This will make the glass thinner there, and if it is critical area, there will be visible distortion you will have to contend with!. . Some etching is done with a "sandblaster" type unit, and some etching is done with an acid that is so powerful it eats glass, - it is stored in a "wax bottle" (can't remember name, - but I think it is floric acid), -- anyway wax is put on all the surface, - except what its to be etched, -- after a specified time the acid is washed off, and the wax is taken off, -- leaving the etched pattern in the glass!maybe with a sharp blade (like the type in a razor) but take care. thats how we got rid of the etching when we brought a motor recently
You can't use a wrench for this.  It must be done with a socket, preferably a long reach one.there should just be 4 bolts in each corner of the seat framethere should be 4 bolts on the floor that need to be loosened and then you can remove the seat
Mkes no sense to me, it is easier to produce than gas.The only thing that makes sense ii the above answer of greedThere is not as much of it made.  It seems strange when they don't refine it to such a fine degree as gasoline.Greed, avarice, love of filthy lucre, the bottom line, paying dividends to keep the stockholders happy, ripping off the consumer, making hay while the sun shines, doing secret deals with auto makers to try and make people buy gas-guzzlers instead...you name it.. . One thing -- it's not because it costs more to produce. It's actually cheaper...Probably because of the cost of Kerosene.  As most diesel fuel is a modified form of Kerosene.  And like the first answer, GREED.  Know the trucking industry has to buy alot of it daily.Diesel was cheaper this summer where I live,now that the heating season is on,it's more expensive.Like previous people said,GREEDGREED
Have a look at the alternator belt and alternator bearings, but it could be anything.Its a ford what do you expect a good car, buy something from GM, like a Chev, Vauxhall, Opal, or Holden depend where you liveexhaust or engine have a specialist at a brand name dealer ship look at those two and see if there is anything wrongYour description of the noise could be any of several things that I can think of.  First is the catalytic converter is partially plugged.  Gives a loud "hissing sound from the tailpipe.  This increases with speed.  Also could be ac compressor or a belt tensioner doing this as well.  Bad head gasket could cause that sound to come out of the coolant tank with rpms up and the compression rising from engine speed.  Another "very odd" thing that affects Fords is a tear in the bellows of the idle speed motor.  If you can duplicate this without actually driving and it sounds like it is coming from the intake or air cleaner assembly somehow then a very small tear in the idle air speed control bellows will make this noise at certain rpms.  We have seen this on anything Ford that uses the standard 2 bolt mount idle speed motor assembly.  Lincolns, pickups, escorts, tempos, etc.  Drove us crazy on one before we realized what it was.  If that is your problem you can easily remove it and gently moving the bellows folds you can actually see a tear in them.  New idle air speed motor solves that problem.  As mentioned in other answers are wheel bearings, cv joints, and even the differential in the transmission.  Don't forget the silly stuff like the air deflector below the bumper being loose or some other part hanging that is catching the wind and making this noise, that is if only happens when the vehicle is in motion.   Regardless hope you find it easily.You either have a jet engine under the  hood, or theres a hole in the exhaust, any signs of wings sprouting from the floor under the left and right doors ?Check the smog pump and the hose to see if it's cracked or broke. Good-luck!If it sounds like a jet engine, enjoy it!. If it sounds like a propeller engine, take it to a specialist.My 97 Escort was doing that.  Have someone check your back bearings....once that was fixed, it was back to turning the radio to a normal level....
The air pressure will keep it shut.  8 or so psi on a 4 x 3 foot door equals six and a half tons of force!  Even if you could break the seal (possible because of the mechanical advantage of the latch), you could never pull it back far enough to disengage it to remove it (old style) or get it past the overcentre to have it open out (new style).. . The only emergency exits I know of that you can open with the cabin pressurized is on the C-130 Hercules, and they have a pressure relief valve that equalizes the pressure before you can open it.The doors are automatic in the air and manual on the ground, nobody can open them while in flightThe difference in air pressure means it is impossible at high altitudes to open the emergency exit, and if they do somehow open it, the aircraft won't be that high, and unlike in movies where passengers get sucked out, the pressure is equalized when the door is opened, and also of course the oxygen masks will drop down.umm the speed of the air going by would keep it closed you would be able to push a door open against 500 mile an hour windsit is easy. you just need to unlock the switch and pull the bar cross the other side then you push, it will open.its very unlikely someone would do this but all you got to do is to the standard procedure of opening it and it will open, the air things will come down and if the captian is a good flyer ull live.Turn handle and get sucked out.   Like your brain.Not much chance of that happening, the pressure inside the cabin makes it next to impossible to open that door while in flight.This would be possible if not for the fact that they are 'plug' type doors.  The edges of the doors extend beyond the actual size of the opening.   Thus, they have to swivel  inward before they can pivot and be pushed outward.  During flight, the pressure inside the cabin exerts too much force for this to be possible.13the floor hit it on the head. The door has to come in a bit before it's opened, and even Arnie cawnt do it.
I would hope you have a manual for it.  Read it.  Try hitting the display button and see what happens.http://www.electronicsrepair.net/autorec3cdx.shtml. you can get the manual here for 10$
In my war, they saved many lives. They still do. They crop dust,are news platforms,Etc. Now go do your homework. Find out what a "JESUS NUT is?.  "Helicopters don`t fly ,they beat the air into submission!!!"It doesnt polute alot, and it is good for emergencyWe now know that what goes up, must come down!The biggest change is that the benefits of flight can be realized without the inconvenience of having long take-off and landing requirements of airplanes. Certainly the benefits include rescue, medevac, forensic, and military applicability.Actually the helo has changed our lives drastically, look at all the rescue missions we carried thruout the century, they are extremely mobile, they are agile, and effecient. And they would be more efficeint if they were supported alittle more these days. Infact if u really looked at it from a literal perspective its like a evolutionary aerial modern marvel alowing us to do tedious tasks from the air. We might not of won the war without em.Show me an aeroplane that will get you of the top of a burning building, cliff face, off a sinking boat ......... the list goes on and on . Imagine how great it would be to be rushed to hospital from a busy mall in a boeing.Without the helicopter, Apocalypse Now would have sucked.. . The Jesus nut is the one nut that holds on the rotor, but there are about a million other simple things that can fail in a helicopter that are just as fatal.It not only changed our lives, but saved many also !( And is a Pot growers worse nightmare)We look up at the sky and see a little thing with a little spinning propeller and we think wow.Its not about how it has changed our lives, but how it has saved MANY lives. Helicopters are able to manuver in tight places. They are used to transport injured people quickly and efficiently. And Isnt life the most important thing? GO HELICOPTERS!!!
Go to the DMV with the licencse registration card.In Il. it cost $65.00 I think.go to dmv fill out       (lost title app)Go to Dmv and apply for a lost title. If you had your old title registered with them they can re issue you a new title. Cost 20 dollars or less.By making an application at the office that handles vehicle titles for a lost title, and paying the replacement fees.Go to DMV and ask for duplicate
Your state has a website...It would be   yourstate.gov          example i live in Ohio so the website is           Ohio.govYou have to contact your own state's DMV.  If they do not have access to your account on line with a personal pin you will have to go through your DMV's contact system by phone, mail, or e-mail.  Otherwise, you'll pay for it.If your area/state/country has on line access to the department that handles such things as driver's licenses, (most do) and if they allow access to that information (most don't) you can.  Be aware in most cases driver's license status is not something the public has a right to know, and you probably have to go in an prove you are asking about your own license before you find out.i dont think you can, you'll have to contact your loacal dmv in you state or county
All bodies in the vehicle still have momentum. Just be cause the vehicle stops, doesn't mean you stop, so you lurch forwardbecause the veichle slows down but the people continue to move at the same speedIt's called inertia.it sounds like a homework question, inertia is the correct answer, ding ding ding.  i beleive its newtons 3rd law.  an object in motion stays in motion until acted on by an outside force.inertiaWhat we have here is a basic law of physics.  "Things in motion tend to stay in motion".  When you apply the brakes you apply a dragging force on the car and not the occupants.  Thus the car loses momentum quicker than the people moving them forward. Hope this helps!!!Inertia.  The principle of inertia is one of the fundamental laws of classical physics which are used to describe the motion of matter and how it is affected by applied forces. The concept of inertia is today most commonly defined using Isaac Newton's First Law of Motion, which states:. . Every body perseveres in its state of being at rest or of moving uniformly straight ahead, except insofar as it is compelled to change its state by forces impressed. [Cohen & Whitman 1999 translation]Its called inertia. A body in motion will remain in motion, unless acted on by an outside force, like a seat belt or a windshield. Wear your seatbelt.
the best way i found to get in these trucks is using a brick to the driver door glass. quick and easy, no locksmith needed.You don't with a slim Jim. That is for old vehicles.. . If you had what is called a master lock out kit you would have the tools needed to get in. They are expensive but you can get them through Matco tool vendors and other places as well. Mine is from the Matco man. You may have to register it depending on your area. If you are asking because you are locked out now. you can call onstar if you have it or you will need to contact a locksmith or a tow truck. Often times tow truck drivers have lock out kits with them.Call a lock smithTHE BEST LOCKOUT TOOL FOR LATE MODEL VEHICLES IS CALLED THE BIG EASY MADE BY STECK INDUSTRIES IT DOES NOT ENTER THE INNER DOOR AREA. WHERE YOU MIGHT DAMAGE THE LATCH OR POSSIBLY SET OFF SIDE IMPACT AIR BAGS IF VEHICLE IS SO EQUIPPED EVEN THOUGH YOUR VEHICLE IS NOT EQUIPPED WITH THESEFind a company that comes out to where you are and maybe they can give you an answer.Such as pop-a-lock or a wrecking company.
In my opinion Sterlin Marlin and the Bush brothers are the worst drivers in Nascar.What is this question doing in motorcycle when it should be in motor sports.why is this in motorcycles?. . . tony stewertIt's all a matter of opinion vs numbers. But I'll take Tony Stewart on any track.A pussy compared to motorcycle racers.I can't understand why people think NASCAR fans are dumb.  Especially when their spelling and grammar are trumped by their choice of category to post their questions in.I would guess he is okey dokey, but still bad.  Do you mean who? Tony Stewart, hands down.Nascar fans are idiots and your question doesn't belong here.ricky carmichael?....this is the bike sectionHow is the baddest Nascar Driver? What do you mean? Some are worse than others. Robby Gordon should be banned for throwing debris on the track. So I guess he would be considered the worst driver out there (this week). Others will never win. I am available if anyone is looking. Just call me.Do you mean WHO is the WORST driver in NASCAR? Also, you miscatagorized this. Nascar is cars, not motorcycles.I think he is aliveI didn't know that NASCCAR drivers  drove motorcycles  Them things sure had me fooled I thought they were KARS Guess I will have to start WAVIN at them bein a feller rider an all
If you've been in the car business a while you'd be able to tell because things would just look different. Maybe a mechanic can look at it and tell you.you have to get the casting numbers off the block, different engines have different locations, but unfortunatly there is no way to tell unless it is a different date code. If it is a swap from a different manufacturer, it should have a company casting logo somewhere on it. But, to answer your question, there is no real way to tell. I am assuming you bought the car and they said it had a motor swapped out?See if the engine serial number is on the log book? Often they are, if they no longer match, then you have had a swap.take your vehicle id# located on the dash to your dealership,and,if they will work with you, they can tell you where to find the engine id#,and,then you can ask if your # complies with that year vehicle
What year is the car? The newer ones have a code on the line ticket and new keys can be made at the dealer. Otherwise, lock smith time!If you bought the car new or, if the person you bought the car from bought it new you can get the key codes off the original bill of sale.. Then take that to a locksmith to have them make the key.. . . Another thing you can do is get the VIN number off the car,. and go to a dealer that sells your type of car and see if they can look up the key codes from the vin number.hitch hikefirst, get off the computer and on the phone...call a locksmith or you can stay on here telling everyone what a stupid thing you did and maybe someone will pitty you with words!!!A locksmith can take an impression and make you a new key. Call a locksmith....  . . Good Lucki own a repair shop,and if the car isn't locked you can take the passengers side door lock out of it,and it has a number on it they can make a key off of it that will work for it,other wise it might be easier and cheaper just to call a good lock smith to get it done,and have two sets made  this time good luck,i hope this help,s.Call the dealer and give them your VIN number.call a locksmith
it depends on which groups you wish to aquire!Did mine in the army it took a bit of study but if you put the effort in and you really want to pass you should fly through the test.. . Good lucknot difficult at all providing you are only doing the standard groups and don't need explosives or atomic.. . I doubt they add all that much apart from safety, which would be mostly common sense
your policy will only cover you if you have COMP and COLLISION coverage!!  Credit cards vary and you should contact VISA or MC directly for a copy of their policiesEvery credit card with coverage has wordings specific to the master policy, which can be changed at any time.  Most, probably 99% of the cards do not give any coverage for liability, and most also do not give coverage for loss-of-use.  Note it is normally gold and platinum cards that have coverages.Call mastercard and visa and ask them.. . Your car insurance policy should cover you in rental vehicles.
Thank you for the laugh.  I read your question and envisioned a herd of boozed up cattle looking for a designated driver!And if you are loaded then I hope the cattle can drive. Maybe the Shamrock spokes cow can give you a tail with your grammar.
thats the same engine used in the b2200 and the fuel injected B2200 only got 95 horse power.......    sadlyNope, 145 is what it is.  It's only a 2.2 liter 4cyl with a 7.8:1 compression ratio, you aren't going to be breaking any records, even with the turbo.  The non-turbo is 110.My best guess..... 47hp. . and LOL at its faaaastttt
You are correct in a 4 stroke engine you do not have to add 2-cycle oil to the fuel. However, you will have to change the crankcase oil on a regular basis, which should be easy to do. also change the spark plug and maintain the tire pressure and lube the chain with special chain lube. All of which should be in your owners manual.Don't forget to change/clean the air filter, and if it has one, change the fuel filter.  If it doesn't have one, buy a plastic inline one at the local parts store... old gas tanks corrode on the inside and the rust will foul up the carb.. Check the front fork seals make sure they're not leaking (look over the whole bike for leaking oil for that matter). And check / change the brake pads so you wont find out the hard way it doesn't stop.  Lube the throttle cable (tool available at motorcycle parts stores) and same with brake cable.  You'll be good for a couple years if you keep it maintained and outta the weather when parked.4 strokes usually have a oilfilter and engine oil. . 2 strokes usually need fuel mixed, no oil filter no engine oil
????It's the land of evil in the Lord Of The Rings which has a giant volcano called mount doomSeems to be a humorous compliment bestowed on some set of brakes, referencing Lord of the Rings.  What brakes was this referring to?
The drive shaft from the engine turbine to the accessory gear box. . www.howstuffworks.com Last time I checked they had a lot of information on turbine engines/models etc.... . Quill shafts ( on the components attached to the accessory gear box) are made to shear under a certain load so the rest of the engine can still function. . . Aviation.. an industry where things are made to break to keep other things functioning, which keeps you from being a passenger in a big lawn dart.It is a shaft that drives the accesory gearbox.. . The gearbox is placed on the bottom or side of the fan shroud to simplify maintenance.  But this places the gearbox far away from the engine shaft.. . A tower shaft runs 90 degrees to the engine shaft down to the stub shaft, which turns 90 degrees again to the accessory gear box.
New alternator is needed.probably the alternator isnt keeping it charged.Sounds like the alternator.Altough many people have said it may be your alternator, they are right, it is.your alternator is bad and needs to be replaced.  I had that happen to me once.  Your battery is only used to start your car and after that the alternator is used.  if you drive for over 30 minutes and turn your car off and it wont restart then your alternator is not recharging your battery.  This really sucks when you really have to peeDon't know what year it is but the battery is completely dead and you may need to change the alternator...usually charging problemdont know what couses it but when you run the battery dead or take the battery off you have to give it a little higher idle by putting your foot on the gas pedel and drive it and in a few miles it will straiten up or thats how my 1998 ram would doNeed to top off your battery water?you have to let it warm up! let it run for about 2 hours aday... you will get results.Not enough juice in the battery to keep the fuel pump running.. Have an AVR done on your charging system.. . Good Luckcharge your battery,it is so dead .charge it for 24hrs at 2amps this will bring it back to life slowly.if its good you will be ok,if not buy a new one at least 900 cranking amps  god blessSo many reasons! Go to a good shop!try checking the alternator belt or the alternator or starter... :)I have this problem withj my car, and it happend to be the fule injectors but i cant say thats wht it is as there can be so many problems. I suggest taking it to a auto place to get it on the computer for them to check it out.Either your battery is dead (will not hold a charge) or your alternator is bad (it will not charge your battery).  Most auto parts stores will check both for free.. . In the old days before there were so much electronics on cars, you could jump start a car and it would run until you turned it off then it would have to be jumped again to start.  Nowadays if either the battery or the alternator is bad, the car will not stay started even after being jump started.Check if you got the alternator fuse blown those are under the hood, they are the high current fuses.. If not you have to change inner components like the bushing and carbon, or if it's really gone bad you need to replace it.what year ? computer module 70s up to 80s .Altenator replace & battery replace if you replace alternator w/out battery it will over work your alternator and you will be buying another one. But to tell for sure start your dodge and immediatley remove battery cables, your truck ought to stay running because the battery just for starting your vehicle and the alternator charges the battery & runs everything else . Or just take out your alternator and take to an automotive store they can test both for free.Alternator is no good
TT&L are fees that you must pay, and stands for Tag, Title, and License. WAC stands for With Approved Credit.Tax, Tag and License. With Approved CreditTax, Title and License...and With Approved Creditttl total tax and licend    wac  with air conditioner
It is system where by the lift or rise and the time of duration of opening of engine valves varies with speed and load on the engine.  Honda for example has this system with the "V-Tec" engines where they have low lift and duration at idle and slower speeds, but when you "goose" it and the rpms rise beyond a certain point the valves open further and longer and you get a big boost in power.  Basically it lets you have a smooth idle and good mileage, conbined with high power when you need it for passing and climbing hills.  Some of the newer cars are doing this electrically as well as the hydraulic system used now.Variable valve timing, or VVT, is a generic term for an automobile piston engine technology. VVT allows the lift or duration and timing (or all) of the intake or exhaust valves (or both) to be changed while the engine is in operation.
seal????. hardly.... . when has transmission fluid being flushed?. how many miles?.  over 80K ?  sounds sluggish... i would have that checked first....................... fluid dark? and over 80KChanging the seals in your transmission will only solve a            problem of your transmission leaking fluid out through your seals, nothing else.It does sound like there are other problems. I'd try have the fluid and filter changed first.Maybe even put in some additive. If that doesn't help the only other remedy is to have it rebuilt.it seems that you need a real car, buy a brand new asap. . :> peace. .If it's an exterior seal you'll see tranny fluid on the ground where you park. But to me it sounds like you may be low on tranny fluid, pull the dipstick and see if it is marked with a cold reading level, if it is you'll see if your low or not. If there is no cold level reading point on the dipstick, you'll have to block at least one of the wheels front and back, then start the car and let it warm up, then with the parking brake on and your foot on the brake, shift the transmission selector to reverse, then , neutral and then through all speeds and then back to neutral. Ease off the foot brake and assure yourself the car wont move, now check the dipstick again after first wiping it clean and reinserting it.. These are general instructions for checking the tranny level on most vehicles and barring conflicting instructions in the owners manual or the dipstick, should be applicable to your car, If this isn't it, sorry your next stop will be a transmission shop. Good luck.Sounds like more than just a seal, sounds like needs rebuild or replacement.Hi. First, make sure your transmission is not low on fluid. Check (or have it checked) when it is warm, after driving it. Also find out if your car should be in park, neutral or drive (be sure to set the parking brake) when checking the fluid level. If you have a visible leak and are having to add fluid to the transmission regularly, there are two seals. One in the back (tail), which can be changed without removing the transmission on some cars. The front seal will require removing the transmission and without proper tools and equipment is a pretty big (and expensive) job. If your fluid level is low (below the add mark on the dipstick) enough, the torque converter will not be able to move the car. Warming up the car could allow the torque converter to get more fluid and then it is able to move. The seals are not expensive, but the amount of labor makes the cost high. Without further information and details it is hard to give you specific advice. I hope this helps you. So, as I said, first determine that the transmission is not low on fluid. Then try to determine where the leak is located. This can be tricky if there is fluid blown all around and on your transmission. If your car is a rear wheel drive, you can disconnect the drive shaft from the rear end, then slide it backwards a ways until the front end (of the drive shaft) pulls out of the transmission. You should be able to see the seal there. Remove the old one and be very careful when inserting the new seal that you don't damage it. Good Luck!
I would not try wiring this yourself. I believe an alfa is wired positive ground. It's backwards from an American car. Talk to some stereo shops they will be better equipped to wire it up with out blowing your deck and your car up.connect the wire and playNo
If you go to Mobil oil's web site you should be able to get a conversion chart.ISO 320/SAE140. ISO 220/SAE 90. . these are transmission fluids usally..
The most probable is the valve cover was installed backward.. . I've done this on a Chevy v8 long ago.. The valve covers on your car may be similar in design whereas they are tapered one direction to allow rocker clearance during movement.. . Double check to make sure it's not installed upside down.. . The other possibility, is the valve cover gasket is too thin causing the valve cover to be too close to the cam shaft.You probably knocked a vacum hose off somewhere.. Double check all your hoses. good luck.
Replacing the core can be a pretty big job on some cars as the dash has to come out. Unfortunately the Aerio is one of those cars.The dash has to come out to do it. Better off taking to a mechanic your trust and knows what he's doing.
I'm sure the water pump is working fine, you have another problem.The radiator is plugged , or the thermostat is not opening ,or you could have a blown headgasket.Does your cooling fan operate?Check termostat.You'll have to check ur pump's belting. If that's ok, then look elsewhere for any clogs, like ur radiator/hoses/thermostat.Aside from very few exceptions if your pully is turing your water pump is turning, turning is all they do.  when your car is COLD take off the radiator cap and you will see the coolant moving.  I am assuming that this is a pully operated water pump and not gear driven.  There are other reasons that your vehicle will overheat.  Thermostat, cooling fan, radiator cap, and those are just the beginning need more details for  a better answer
Yeah, there is something wrong.  Take it to a mechainc, or buy a code reader and scan the cars computer.I say that your O2 senser may be busted,. try it out there cheap to get a new one put in . about  $100 avg.You need to find out exactly why the light is on before you can guess at fixing the problem.. . As a few have said it could be a number of things.  The Check Engine light is telling you that there is something wrong with your vehicle's emission control system.  As mentioned by others, it could be a loose gas cap, a bad spark plug or wire, a malfunctioning Oxygen Sensor,or any number of things.  There is only a few hundred things that can trigger the light to come on.  . . Get it scanned and find out which error code is causing the light, and go from there.  I would not trust the parts stores to scan it since you probably won't get a knowledgeable answer as far as to what the problem may be.  Yes you may be able to swap a component or two, but unless they are familiar with OBD II and how to properly use the scanner, you are better off taking the car to someone who knows what they are doing with it.  The money you save on unnecessary parts and frustration is better spent on an experienced diagnosis and solution, not some guy who works a parts counter and reads the code description out of a little handbook.. . By the way, oil changes have little to no effect, or correlation to a Check Engine Light!It could be a bunch of things from the gas cap, to an oxygen sensor, catalytic converter, etc... Does the car have any other symptoms?maybe it's time for a tune up!!! I bet that is the reason!When mine did that, it was a disconnected vacuum line that came off when it it was in the body shop because some bonehead knocked it off. The car's computer reads vacuum, so a code reader tool will pinpoint the problem.when the check engine light comes on it means there is a problem in the pollution control. The computer will hold a code but you need a code reader to get it. Its been my experience that usually the problem lies with the o2 senser. hope this helps.First thing first, check that your gas cap is on tight. Your vacuum return for the engine will pick up this little thing.Or check your oil and replace with premium blends,,ie castrol gtx or mobil1
1. disconnect the battery for 5 minutes.. or. 2. go to a an auto parts store (Autozone around here) and have them hook the scanner up for free.. find out what the codes are, then have them erase the codes for you!  If its a serious thing.. the codes will be back soon.The check engine light can only be reset through the car's computer. Mechanics can do it using their code readers. You either need to buy a code reader on Ebay or something or have the car fixed. That light is probably on for a reason.Your car is too old for the parts house to reset it for you.. The recommended procedure from HONDA is to remove the fuses for the computer (ecu or ecm) and leave them out for > 3 minutes.. Why are you trying to turn it off?  Have you repaired the failure that caused it in the first place?. . Good Luckunplug battery for five minuets
autozone will give you a free diagnostic test with there computers.  just tell them that you want a code pulled and that your light is on.  and they will do it for free.your shaking is probably a skip, the light is flashing a code, take it to  a good mechanic shop they should have a computer that can tell them whats wrong with the car and get it fixedIt's been warning you for months that it had a problem and needed help, and you ignored the poor thing.  Now the check engine light is using Morse code to tell you "HELP ME!". . Get it in and get it fixed.belt drive broken. and cage looseUsually a flashing SES light indicates a misfire condition, which would also explain the shaking.by what you said, it sounds like the timing belt went out. Timing Belts can do that.get it looked at, it may be a lot cheaper than destroying something.............I had a car that stared rough ideling,  it turnned out to be a vaccum leak.  Also at another time it had a wine which was an exaust leak.  I could see yours being a leak on the cat converter that broke off now.  BTW this an emission issue & may still be covered by the dealer if you ask.
It's self explanatory.. They search, find, then rescue some one.. Search and recovery is the searching for, finding of, bodies and recovering them from where they happen to be.. "Rescue" tells us that some one is alive and needs to be saved.. "Recovery" tells us that some one is dead and the body needs to be found and recovered.This is such a dumb question. Why did you post it?it´s when lifeguards search for people missing in the see and try to rescue them.. People can get missing in boating accidents, diving or something like that.
Its probably a 4.0 but im not sure ive never owned oneit should say some where under the hood on the air cleaner box or core supportThe 99 Windstar 3.0 liter engine had "3.0 V6" stamped into the front valve cover in big letters.  Otherwise it is a 3.8 liter.
The other answers are correct. Here is a little more detail.. --The shift lever starts out in it's resting position.. --When you press down on the shift lever, the trani shifts into 1st. Then you release the downward pressure on the shift lever and it springs up to it's resting position.. --To shift to neutral or 2nd, lift up on the shift lever.. --If you just wanted to go to neutral, you wouldn't lift the shift lever all the way up. There wil be an indent in the internal shift mechanism. You can feel it. Then release upward pressure on the shift lever and it will spring back down to it's resting position.. --If you wanted to shift from 1st to 2nd - while in 1st, lift the shift lever up. You'll feel the internal shift mechanisim touch neutral and with a continuous upward movement of the shift lever, it will stop when the trani goes into 2nd. Then when you release the upward pressure on the shift lever, it will spring down to its resting position.. --It's a continuous procedure. Lift up or press down until the trani goes into the next gear. Release pressure on the shift lever and it springs back to it's resting position. Ready and waiting for the next gear change.You're correct - the 1st gear is all the way down.  Shift the lever up from that point, and you're on Neutral.  From there, going up will put you on the 2nd, 3rd, till you reach the top gear for your machine.  That works ALSO for Triumph - I currently own one (and learned to ride on, back in 1973.)  And it was the same for any Japanese models I've owned in the past - 4 altogether.. . On Vespas and knock-offs, you shift by twisting the left handle.  It usually has the clutch handle attached.  Thus, when the clutch handle goes down, you switch the gear down and vice versa.  The neutral position is between the 1st and 2nd gears.  There's a good chance that the gear position is marked, so you don't need to guess.On most Japanese machines yes, British bikes usually are one up the rest down.Yes, is a sequential gearbox. 1st gear is at the bottom, but 2nd gear only needs one upward tap of the lever. Neutral is a half tap up from 1st (you get a feel for it when you ride a motorbike). Most of the time upward shifts can be done without using the clutch, but it takes a bit of practice.its the correct pattern on 95% of bikes the exceptions being AMF harley davidsons and most orange county choppers have what is termed "pollock shift"Bro, I am sure once you get on a bike it will take you a few seconds to figure out the gears, so far as I know, all the way at the bottom is 1st, push up and it goes to 2nd, 3rd and so on.. . To put it in neutral, pull up from 1st, just a little tap, or from 2nd down, small tap.. . When you shift down and you push down, it goes to 1st, unless again, you do just a soft tap and it goes to neutral.. . Take an MSF course, they will teach you to ride and they provide a bike for you."Grand Prix" shift pattern is reversed (ala the Brit bikes).  The reason is that when you are accelerating out of a LH corner you don't want to have to put your foot between the bike and the road to upshift.  If you are taking corners correctly you will have already downshifted prior entering the corner.
should be a drain co ck at the bottom.   if not remove the bottom hose.On the bottom rear side of the raditor is a t"T" valve. Turn it and it will open the raditor to drain. Have a fun day.i own a repair shop,and on the drivers side of the radiator,down towards the bottom of it there's a drain plug on it,be sure you have a good sized pan under it before you open the drain up on it,but you loosen that,and remove the radiator cap,and it will drain pretty fast,,good luck i hope this help,s,,and have a happy thanksgiving.
You can't go over 116 because driving faster than 116 makes baby Jesus cry.  If you get one of the Devil's products, i.e. a superchip or "diablo" (using Spanish will not fool us Beelzebub!) you will easily be able to go deep into the 130s with what you have already done.  The IAT doesn't do anything about the governor in fact:. "The $10-$50 chips you see on ebay are actually IAT resistor's. All they do is fake the PCM into thinking the air is cooler than it actually is to change the fuel mixture. In reality its not a chip, and it wont add any horsepower. The computer will adjust to the false readings making the IAT resistors junk. "computer control by lawYour vehicle's PCM is programmed to limit your vehicle's top speed from the factory. If you want to "remove" the speed limiter, you'll need to purchase a "Superchips" tuner, and reprogram the PCM's calibration. Hope this helps.the computer shuts it down at 116, there's a way to get around it but I.m not sure how it is done.you probably got a bogus chip!Ford realizes that people may want their Mustang to go faster so they make a speedometer with 150 on it, JUST IN CASE you have the money to make your 'Stang go this fast.  You will have to do a hell of a lot more to your pony to hit the 150 mark.  You'll probably have to get headers, ported heads, polished plenums, change the cam, change the rear end gearing. . .  and that's just for starters.  If you start out buying a Cobra you won't have to do AS MUCH customizing but then, you'll have spent that amount "up front" in the purchase price.because you should have bought the 8 cylinder and not the 6 cylinder engineThe govenor kicked in thats normal as far as the speedometor reading 150 sometimes car makers put those in just for looks, I could put a speedometor that says 250 in my mustang but it doesent mean that it will do it , but it sure looks cool.Uhhh.Speed limiter.Go on the mustangs boards to read and dis able it..........  . linky. . http://search.yahoo.com/search?search=mustang+forums&ei=UTF-8&fr=ks-ans&ico-yahoo-search-value=http%3A%2F%2Frds.yahoo.com%2F_ylt%3DAn1h4_gEl1ICSMlqQRGlyRYazKIX%2FSIG%3D111gjvvgj%2F*-http%3A%2F%2Fsearch.yahoo.com%2Fsearch&ico-wikipedia-search-value=http%3A%2F%2Frds.yahoo.com%2F_ylt%3DAijFZNdJs6oWYB89l5dna3UazKIX%2FSIG%3D11ia1qo58%2F**http%253a%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FSpecial%253aSearch&p=mustang+forumsSpeed limiter,your factory tires were not rated higher than 116.. If you do bypass this limiter,get better/higher speed rated tires.. you'd had to have a tire blow out at over 116 mphstock computer chip will not allow you to top out any faster ,its for motor protection Rev limiter computer controlled , it can be changed but all Mfg warranty's will be null and void after that if any are implied OK, its not to slow you down its to protect the motor from over RPM'sI think you may have a governor.I have a 02 mustang all stock,auto.v6,And I had to shut it down at 138,because my wife was going nuts,telling me to stop,and let her out.Oh, them dreaded rev limitersIts the speed limiter, there are performance chips out there to bypass it though
Below the left radio knob there are two small black buttons.  The left one when depressed is for the hour and the right one when depressed is for the minutes.Got rid of mine a while ago... but if I remember correct there should be buttons on the radio area. If you have the LS (not sure about the base model) then you will be impressed with how much the radio does, itz the whole computer.read your owners manual tells every thing
Well the main advantage is that they handle everything and you dont need to be a part of the hassle at the cargo agent. The disadvantage might be if they work on comission basis they might charge you a little extra. But personaly I always prefer an agent to do it all. . .   As my friend said. It is true that the work commsions is not good. They might charge you for late deliveryWell the main advantage is that they handle everything and you dont need to be a part of the hassle at the cargo agent. The disadvantage might be if they work on comission basis they might charge you a little extra. But personaly I always prefer an agent to do it all.
Look for classes that offer motorcycle training. A lot of times the Insurance company gives you a discount for taking the class. . the one im going to be taking is from two wheel safety training. its 150 if your under 21 and about 230 over 21. just do a search for motorcycle training wherever you live.Study the licensing manual and go take the test.  This is not rocket science, millions of people do it every year.I don't know what you have to do in NC but the folks at the NC DMV might know.  Here's the link:Though it is not required, it is STRONGLY adviced that you take a motorcycle training/saftey course.  A lot of dealreships offer them now, the two I know of are the Harley Davidson dealership just outside of Greensboro and the Suzuki dealership between Durham and Raleigh.  You can Google/Yahoo search "motorcycle saftey courses" to get a general idea or search your favorite motorcycle brand and see if they have links to local courses.. . Next, PRACTICE!  For beginners it is recommended that your first bike be on the small side, a 600 or 750 model, and that you get A GOOD HELMET!!!  Also, similar to learning to drive a car, where you have to have someone in the car with you, it is requested that you practice with another licenced motorcycle driver.  If you can't do that, don't take the major highways or busy roads as any accident (gods forbid they happen) will be your fault as you are the unlicenced driver in the incident.. . Finally, once you feel comfortable, take the test at the DMV.. . Good luck fellow cyclist!!. . ~~ Abaddongo to dmv with your birth certificate and plunk down your money and take the writen test.  that will get you on it  and you'll be riding :)http://www.ncdot.org/dmv/driver_services/motorcyclists/applying.htmlAsk by your local Driver License office.
I went to my local 99cents store and got 3 different odor killers.. . Sprayed all the car interiors with that after cleaned the vomit area.. . It took out the odor, but after two spray sessions with 3 days apart one of the other.Try Odor Out by Stanley Steemer. We got our last bottle at Smart & Final, or try United Grocers, or just look it up on the internet. Worked for me.. . Calico.KittySteam cleaning and/or shampooing. Car detailing shops and most dealerships provide this service.
Loosen the screws that hold the pulley on the pump, take off the belt, and p/s hoses, remove the 3 bolts off p/s pump, pull it out from the rear. Once its off the car you will need a puller to remove and install the puller bracket.. I forgot to tell you after the belt is remove, remove the bolts that hold the p/s pump pulley.u need to looosen the shifter id there is one firstGo to the auto parts store and pick up a repair manual for your particular make and model. The step by step instructions are far better than a hunt and hope approach.
It fills the chip on the outside of your window.. . Windshields are actually 2 pieces of glass with plastic in the middle.theres no palstic in the middle, they are just laminated together. And resin is used to repair damage in metal. Your thinking of liquid glass, like the stuff used to fill in scratches on eye glasses.Fills the chip or crack and keep it from spreading
find industry magazines that you can advertise.  even better would be to find online forums that those guys frequent and become a member and talk with them and advertinse with banners on the site.  a third place would be like auto trader magazine and things like those because some of those guys like to search those for goods projects to restore.  Best bet i think would be finding forums and online car clubs to join to spread your word.Of course there is "Hot Rod" magazines, but I would go with both Old Cars newspaper which is a standard of the antique car hobby, and also Hemmings Motor News, which is pretty much the "Bible" of antique and collector cars.  Their rates are usually reasonable and they reach audiences that are only interested in old cars.  Both can be found on the internet at: www.hemmings.com and also Old Cars Newspaper at:. www.oldcars.com   I subscribed to Old Cars for years when I was interested in such and loved it.  Friend of mine has copies going back into the late 60's and amazing to find such stuff as Shelby's advertised for 2000 bucks, etc.  Of course that is no longer the case or I'd be on a plane tomorrow.  hahahaMight have had more regional magazines if you had told where your shop was located, but I use these in my Hot Rod work.Where are you located?Go where they are.. . Make up a nice printed piece and take it to cruise-ins/car shows/club events.. . Also see if any local car clubs sell ad space in their newsletters or allow local vendors to co-sponsor events with them.Put an ad. in Hemmings Motor News, -- They deal with antique and collectable autos nation wide.  And there are some hotrods there too.  Buy one (and read), - available at your local "book store"  Find in auto magazines, has brown paper cover (like old paper bags were)..  Costs me around $6 at "Hasings" (book store) here!  Some of the big "chain grocery stores" have it in their magazine section (wal mart too)!Mail them your business profile or visit them in person.
if you find out tell me please. there are no screws on the front that everyone tells you about and can't figure it out from the back?????????????????"If your refering to the one thats in the front bumper it should be like this. As your looking at the light housing go to the side of it towards the grill. Look through the bumper holes and you'll see a white tube, inside of that is a phillips head screw. You'll need a long handled phillips for this, but thats all that holds them. Good luck ."
holy cow. the big hole goes over the steering wheel. when you get it out of the package, you'll pretty much figure it out.I agree with Stewy!!!!!!!!!um... you just put it on the steering wheel its not that hardif its the strechy one put it over the floor register first until it warms up. its alot easier.If there are no instructions, it must be so easy you don't need any!
alot of ppl dont want to deal with ppl merging so they go in the middle lane....but then there slow ppl there so they move to the left lane, then the center lane is clear so u think it goes faster although it really only has fewer cars.because they middle lane is constant moving. people aren't getting off at exits on the left or right side. Sometimes though the middle is the most congested, because people don't know how to drive!The people in the right lane coming onto the freeway clog up that lane and the people who think they have to get where they are going at the speed of sound clog up the left lane.  Slow but steady wins the race.thats where you find the sane drivers who use cruise control and arent 'qualifying'  ;)
i own a repair shop,and id need to know a little more info on it, disc or drum brakes would help a lot and 4 wheel drive or not would have helped also,,good luck,discs or drums?  Ya kinda gotta be more specific...  If they are drums you should have a few special tools but there is a way without those specialty tools...  If they are disc they should be as simple as the front so I'm assuming that you're talking about a drums set...  If you've never done them before get yourself a haynes manual at the very least...http://howimetyourmother.fanboost.com/?C1924_582362smack the crap out of it with a large hammer...If equip with drums
Buy oneIf you are a new User then go in for a used car at lower price and practice on it. After You feel you are sufficiently good in Driving then go in for a new car. If you are to do around 100 KM daily think of going for a deisel car or else Petrol and if lesser than 100Km /day and above 25to 30 km/day you may go in for Gas Conversion authorised by the Road Transport Authorities.. Banks are giving Loan now a days very freely but see that you pay your instalments regularly to be in good books of the Banker.please visit a car dealer in your city and select your car from his garage. ask him to organise your car loan from the banker and he will do it all and deliver your car. Of couse you must carry your papers with you to get the loan.Is this a trick question?go to a showroom and buy one on EMIBuy, borrow, or steal one....buy one!i guess you do like we all did get a job ,and buy one on credit,,good luck.Dirty and hopeless question. Better luck next time.
u and ur uncle sign the back of the title in the right spots and take it to the registration office. i think it costs about $80 but not sure on that.u must go to a tag agency
just bring in your marriage certificate along with you too and explain to them that the your still waiting on a new card. . . if anything they will tell you to wait till the card comes in, so you may want to get that paper work startedYou need to change your name first with Social Security and then apply for your license.If you have a passport, or a certified copy of your birth certificate, use that.  It is 100% for either of those documents.
same as code p0113 on any car.P0113 is Intake Air Temp sensor voltage high. Check to see if it is plugged in. They also have a problem with the wires to it breaking near the connector. Your dealer can get a replacement connector with wires to repair it. It's a cheap part.on  OBDII car it is intake air temperature circuit high input.
You have some correct answerer's.The best way is take it to the Ford dealership.I used in my shop a large surenge.I take off the hose at the top where the clutch master cylinder is located.Fill the surenge full of brake fluid and force the fluid down to the slave cylinder.If it has the external slave cylinder this is not to hard,however if it has the internal slave cylinder it could be very hard.I also use a power bleeder system.Its not easy what ever way you do it.I own a clutch repair shop,so we see this problem every day.The best way is like I said take it to the dealership.The cost is more,but the job will get done correctly and won't stress you out like its going to.this is a tough one to bleed,with out some special tools .. try taking a long piece of vacuum hose attach it to the bleeder ,and open bleeder,at the slave cyl. and submerge the other end in the reservoir ,pump the clutch pedal slowly.sometimes this works,good luckThese can be rather difficult to remove the air from.  You can open the bleeder valve at the transmission on the slave cylinder and try to let it gravity bleed, or get someone to help you by pumping the clutch and holding pressure on it while opening the bleeder.  In some cases you must bleed it from the bottom up to force the air back out the top on the Ranger.  These situations require a power bleeder, such as a Phoenix Injector.
You don't, the bulb is worth more than the car. Toss the car in the bin and switch to public transport.Open the glove box and look in the manual.are u blind? sorry baby but its not exactly a hard job, 1st lift up ur bonnet, then remove the headlight from inside, unscrew the light if my memorys right it should have 2pins on it if so they should just slide in and out pretty easily anymore trouble gve a shout take care maybe that was a little help to u i drive a mercedes e-class so our cars are a bit different but im also studying to be a mechanicGet the handbook that will tell you.  You can get it off the internet if you don't have it already.
Hahaha, funny. . . Now get the he// out of my way...I'm driving a Mercedes here!right on brotherProblem with half rich people.. They are richer than us, but not rich enough to hire a driver.. They only know gear shift, steering wheel, gas and sometimes forget the brake.. They have money, you have moral.I thinks its a problem with the drivers, not the cars.Well, Jags have problems everything as far as I know. As for Lexus or BMW.... . I haven't heard that, but I could speculate. Who can't? On more expensive cars, there are details made to improve the very minor aesthetic features of the car. One of those is the turn signal click sound. In cheaper cars, that click is the natural sound of a physical switch alternating back and forth.. . More expensive car companies seem to try to smooth out that sound into a deeper, more elegant tone. A deeper, lower pitched turn signal sound gives an impression of quality, I guess. I'm not sure if they do this by using a different switch or just suppressing its natural sound and having a speaker.. . But at any rate, that kind of engineering may actually detract from the functional quality of the device. Or that's my best guess.LOL man you must be reading my mind i think your right they think they are above everybody and dont need to use them.....try giving them a bumb lolI've also noticed this and they don't appear to have heaters either as the occupants have always got fur coats and gloves on.  The steering on these cars is also dodgy as the don't seem able to get them into car park spaces properly.  . Anyone know the difference between a BMW and a hedgehog?  Well, it's that all the pricks are on the outside of a hedgehog! (It's the way I tell'em.)I think you are on to something there. Perhaps theuy are used to having everything done for them? Have a fun day, and safe hauling.
It could mean, that the oil pressure switch could be starting to malfunction, or your oil pump is getting weak, or there a definite pressure loss when your engine is at idle.sounds like ur oil pump is getting weak or that u dont have enough oil in the carNOT ENOUGH OIL OR BAD OIL PUMP . WHAT YEAR,MODEL CARYOU ARE LOW ON OIL!  It flickers when you stop because the oil sloshes to the front of the oil pan when you brake and the oil pick-up just sucks air for a second.  Check and add or better yet change the oil in your car as soon as you can.  You should get in the habit of checking your oil regularly; this can cause serious damage to your engine!It could be the oil sending unit.Check your oil level,if it is ok then you may have a faulty sending unit or worst case, the bearings are worn out in the engine or the oil pump is worn out.Yeah, what they said. It might be the sending unit going bad if you're lucky. Check your oil level. If that's good then your oil pressure is too low at idle. This is usually a sign of a worn out engine, but not always. Oil pressure is usually around 20 psi at idle and goes up with engine rpm. Also, it could be just a clogged oil filter. Rare, but it does happen. Either way, the life of your engine is severely shortened with low oil pressure. It needs to be looked at and repaired as soon as you can.Some oil lights do that normally. You need to get someone to put a real gauge on the engine while it's idling to see if you have enough oil pressure. And make sure you're using the suggested weight. using 0w20 or 5w20 can cause low oil pressure at idle for older vehicles.
I'm not an expert and the following is no more than a guess, but I suspect that the fog on that island nation is the greatest problem, and a light would do nothing but blind the engineer, so instead of a light, they probably have developoed a more sophisticated system that don't require visual confirmation.The issue is not unique to steam engines, nor england.  . Most European locomotives are (were?) this way.. . I suspect that railroading there grew up in populated country, where people learned to stay off the tracks, and obstrutions were not commonplace.  Remember railroading was developed before electricity, and lamps were used to mark the front of the train.. . In the US, with much open country it was desireable to have a light which shines ahead for the engineer to stop short of an obstruction(ist).Diesel and Electric trains didn't have headlights full headlights either up to the late 1960s early 1970s. Since then all older trains have been retrofitted. Newer trains are fitted with an addtional high level lightPilgrim makes a very good point.  Running in heavy fog with the headlight ablaze does limit the engineer's ability to see.  Still, it seems very odd that the headlight was not used as it is indeed an important piece of safety equipment.Because they were made in poland
Takes it out of gear and lets it free wheelShift the gear back a ratio and pull the hand brake to get the right preasure and speed with breaking ,he get to silde it now on the angel he wants (2nd gear is the best)quickly turn the steering wheel and then pull the handbreak.In the sense of allowing the car to go in the direction it wants, it "drifts" due to no forced steering by the driver. You may have felt that when you want the car to go in a certain direction, it takes a little effort (try it without power steering!). On the freeway, if you let go of the wheel the car will tend to drift with the angle of the road, or with the angle of misalignment in the tires. You typically do not make a car drift, you let it drift. A car with well alligned tires, and on a very flat road may not drift at all.. . Although in a race when the wheels loose traction - which you may force, the car may start drifting as well. So, coming around a sharp turn, if he was going very fast, the rear wheels could start sliding to the outside of the turn, actually helpong someone who knows what they are doing (NOT ME) to make a tighter turn.Race Drift  .          This is performed at race speeds, when entering a high speed corner a driver lifts his foot off the throttle to induce a mild over steer and then balances the drift through steering and throttle motions. (note: the car that is being used for this style of drift should be a neutral balanced car therefore the over steer will induce itself, if the car plows through any turn this technique will not work).  .  . Braking Drift  .          This is performed by trail braking into a corner, then loss of grip is obtained and then balance through steering and throttle motions. (note: this is mainly for medium to low speed corners).  .  . Faint Drift  .          This is performed by rocking the car towards the outside of a turn and then using the rebound of grip to throw the car into the normal cornering direction. (note this is heavy rally racing technique used to change vehicle attitudes during cornering, mainly tight mountain corners).  .  . Clutch Kick  .          This is performed by depressing the clutch pedal on approach or during a mild drift to give a sudden jolt through the driveline to upset rear traction.  .  . Shift Lock  .          This is performed by letting the revs drop on downshift into a corner and then releasing the clutch to put stress on the driveline to slow the rear tires inducing over steer. (this is like pulling the E-brake through a turn - note this should be performed in the wet to minimize damage to the driveline etc.)  .  . Emergency Brake Drift  .          This technique is very basic, pull the E-Brake or (side brake) to induce rear traction loss and balance drift through steering and throttle play. (note: this can also be used to correct errors or fine tune drift angles).  .  . Dirt Drop Drift  .          This is performed by dropping the rear tires off the road into the dirt to maintain or gain drift angle without losing power or speed and to set up for the next turn. (note this technique is very useful for low horsepower cars).  .  . Jump Drift  .  .          In this technique the rear tire on the inside of a turn or apex is bounced over a curb to lose traction resulting in over steer.  .  . Long Slide Drift  .          This is done by pulling the E-brake through a strait to start a high angel drift and to hold this to set up for the turn ahead. (note: this can only be done at high speed).  .  . Swaying Drift  .          This is a slow side-to-side faint like drift where the rear end sways back and forth down a strait.  .  . FF Drift  (Front Wheel Drive Drift)  .          The E-brake as well as steering and braking techniques must be used to balance the car through a corner. (note: the E-brake is the main technique used to balance the drift).  .  . Power Over  .          This performed when entering a corner and using full throttle to produce heavy oversteer (tail slide) through the turn. (note: needs horsepower to make this happen).drift is basically an expected loss of control that allows the driver to nail turns at high speeds.. what ur trying to do is to swing the rear end of ur car so that u are now at an angle with the direction of inertia. That angle u are now in should face the direction in which u want to turn ur car to so u can just floor it and zoom off.. Compared to regular turning, u have to break first, lose some speed, turn ur wheel and then gas up again.there are two techniques. one is break and accelerate. with rear wheel drive cars, the driver breaks hard at a point before the turn and cus the wheel, at mid drift he accelerated and regains traction.. . the other..well i forgot it actually  but you can go to. . www.howstuffworks.com    . . and look up drift racing.You use gravity G-Forces along with braking or hard accelerating to cause the rear wheels break traction and go into a skid, but a controlled skid.  Through practice you learn how to regain the control of your vehicle as not to slide too far.  Many factors play a part from the stickiness of the tires, the suspension, rear or front wheel drive, turning capabilities, engine power, manual or automatic tranny, and more.  You have to know your car and what it takes to break grip of the rear tires and what it takes to regain it as well.  One miscalculation and you've demolished a good car.Switching the gears the right way and knowing the exact time to take your feet of the clutchThere are several drifting techniques, the simplest is known as a power slide. This involves yanking on the emergency brake while in a turn to lock up the rear wheels and sort of, slide around. This is not considered a real drift.. . The second type is what is referred to as a power-over drift or the clutch kick. This involves, well, kicking the clutch to send a burst of power to the rear wheels, causing them to spin and causing the car to sort of, slide around. . . The third and most difficult is the phsyics drift. This involves swerving back and forth a bit before the turn to destabilize the car, then, when in the turn, the shifting weight will cause the car to sort of, slide around.
YES THEY ARE ONE IN THE SAME.if all you know about your car's troubles is that it makes "funny sounds" I'd get someone else to look at it before putting oil in it.  Also, if you do need oil, you need to make sure you use the right amount (overfilling will hurt your engine) and the right viscosity.  If you mix one weight with another, the oil will not lubricate the way it is meant to.  Also, know if your car is using conventional or synthetic oil and try not to mix the two types.motor oil and engine oil are the same thing , its the numbers that are important like 5w 30 etc. is your engine low on oil ? under the hood should be a sticker that tells you the weight ( viscosity ) of the oil you need. try to find a basic auto course at a local community collage or high school , this will help immensely with the very basic questions that are due to arise , good luck.yes but first check the oil. if you do not know how to check the level have someone show you. too much oil is just as bad as not enough oil.Yes, thats what is supposed to go there.I know where you are going with this.  The old argument about an engine runs on combustion and a motor runs on electricity and has no oil.  So why does the bottle say motor oil on it?  Been there done that stop being so anal about it.No way.. A motor is not an engine.  Big difference. use engine oil only
A FORD by any other name is still a FORDJust the suspension, the Intek 32 valve V8 has proven to be a great engine, and they make good power.  The Mark VIII is a nice car.Check for sh*t stains around the exhaust pipe. I had one it's a turd.If the thing still runs, check if the air suspension still is in working order. Lincoln - Listen, I Needed a Car Only Lotus was Not available.
Virtually all Diesel engine locomotives have a large Diesel engine driving an alternator which generates alternating current electricity.  This is supplied to through a a complex control system to electric motors which drive the wheels.  This system is also used in off-road heavy trucks in open-cut mines.    . . Trains can reach high speed because there are no other vehicles on any particular section of line at the time they are running over it.  Also most railways are fenced off so there is little danger of hitting animals or people who might otherwise stray onto the tracks.  A train hitting a person or a kangaroo or a sheep at 200kph could be derailed.     . . Some very early Diesel locos had gearboxes like cars but were found to be unsuitable for railway use because as the driver changed gears the loco would slow down, but the train would not, which meant the train would thump the loco in the rear and soon or eventually cause damage.  Some railcars consisting of one or two units have manual gearboxes but these are rare and basically outdated.. . Another version used in some smaller locos is the Diesel - hydraulic system in which the Diesel engine drives a pump which supplies hydraulic fluid, like brake fluid or automatic transmission fluid. to hydraulic motors which drive the wheels.  This system seems to be fairly rare now but was once used for specialised shunting locomotives, not for main line trains.most of the train engines today are diesel electric meaning there is a diesel motor making electricity to power 2 electric motors. elec. motors make huge amounts of torque at very low rpms ideal for pulling1 diesel engine drives a large alternator and in the wheels called "trucks art very large 3 phase electric motors [ one per Axel] to vary speed engineer changes voltage to motors with a rheostat [nowadays computer controls]. 2 this is at least a double edged question who's answer will very with where you live.. a. the condition of the rails, in many places they arn"t safe for high speed travel[ U.S.] most countries pay more attention to keeping the rails in proper shape.. b.direct routing between points, rail companies got their land and built their tracks before the population exploded.. c. no stop and go traffic. train may slow down for a road crossing  but it is the cars and trucks that must yield to a train.In India diesel engines are manufactured at Diesel Loco Works, Varanasi and Diesel Loco Works in Chittaranjan. The cost of making a diesel loco is almost close to Rs.3 crores including its maintanence. You can visit these places with a special permission from the ministry of Railways and the embassy of your country in our country. In India they have certain codes for diesel engines.. For e.g.. .  ED WDM 3A .  ED- Means Erode a place where the engine is usually stalled when it is idle.  W means Broad Gauge.  D means Diesel
They usually do it because they have spotted a cop>AT LEAST THEY DO THAT MUCH.  YOUR RIGHT THOUGH, THEY SHOULD BE MORE CONSIDERATE AND SIGNAL  SOONER.. GOD BLESSHi No,  Alot of people are just rude and don't give a S H I T. When they finally get hit from behind ,then they will start using their blinkers.. .   ClowmyBecause people are stupid and don't pay attention.  To busy talking on cell phones.another good question that really has no answer:  Why do some driver never use the turn signal (blinker) at all?Because people are ignorant! They are out for thmeselves and don't care if anyone gets hurt on the road.they like to get rear-ended i guess.   :)Because they are inconsiderate. Or they have a delay option on their signal lights (lol).there stupid and dont think before they doBecause they have tunnel vision and are thinking of only what's in front of them.Because they forget there are other drivers on the road and the blinker is for the OTHER DRIVERS not THEM. I agree completely, although I'm sure i've done that a couple of times myself, I'll be more aware now! Thanks, you may even have saved some lives.I think they are just confirming to themselves that they've finally made the Right Decision to turn at that location,.  after sitting there a moment & considering all the possibilities. . And the little Clicking noise from the Blinker is reassuring to them,,. Kinda like Applause.What's a blinker?  I usually jump out of the car and run around screaming, "AHHHH!!!  I'm turning!  I'm turning!!!!"  Some sort of device that I could use from inside the car to turn on an electric light warning those around me that I'm going to turn would seem like a safer and easier way to do it though.  I hope that gets invented some day.I usually wait until the light turns green, i find that noise it makes . very annoyingI know how you feel, the blinker is on the wheel where they have there hands, what is so hard to turn it on. many don't even bother to turn it on, they just slow up. many times I see people driving all over the road and you think they are drunk but they are talking on the cell phone instead of pulling off to the side or no answering the phone and let the people talk into the answering machine instead..unsafe operators.
a sub woofer usually just consists of itself, and it used primarily for bass. A regular speaker sometimes has a "woofer", but also contains either midrange or tweeter or both. Depending on if it is 2 way or 3 way. Subs come in 8, 10, 12, 15 and 18 inch sizes, so are significantly bigger, but if you have a component speaker system, then they will contain a small sub, like 5.25 or 6 in, a seperate mid range and or a tweeter. other than that there is no real difference, altho subs can sometimes handle significantly more power, and usually have to be contained in a box specifically built for it.I subwoofer is used for low frequencies (bass), while a speaker will generally be full range (bass, mid, treble - more mid, treble).  There are a few exceptions to this in you will find 6 & 8 inch midbass drivers, which are designed for midrange response and tweeters (generally 1-1.5in) that only reproduce highs.  All are technically speakers, each just has it's own use.As stated the frequencies best suited to a sub woofer are restricted (Low Hz). Where as a speaker will be able to reproduce a far wider range of frequencies. The main differences are the throw of the speaker (how far in and out it travels as this is your amplitude and affects the clarity of the frequencies being produced). The gauge of the wire used in the coil windings, at the bottom of the speaker cone you have a magnet which has a circular grove. In this grove is a tube attached to the speaker cone this is wrapped in a coil of wire, current passes through and moves the tube/ cone = noise. The way the current passes through wire is relative to the gauge, low frequencies (bass) travel towards the  outer surface of a conductor. Hence a good sub woofer will have a heavier coil wire the inverse is true with tweeters and horns. Other wise the weight of the cone, edge material and cage due to the extra forces experianced.A subwoofer is made for deep range music only, low tones ..while a regular speaker handles higher tonesI subwoofer is not versatile it is meant to pick up lows where regular speakers are meant to pick up all spectrum's highs, lows and mids.Subwoofer is for low frequency response (bass), mid-range speakers are for middle frequency and Tweeters are for high frequency or treble...(they are all speakers, just different types)i think it has something to do with bassA subwoofer is a speaker designed to radiate very low frequencies.  A woofer is for low frequencies, and a tweeter is for high frequencies.  In order to achieve adequate sound pressure levels, subwoofers have to be large.a sub woofer i a high powered speaker that usually amplifies the bass in music, movies etc.A speaker on the other hand does not.
Headers are a performance piece used in place of the stock exhaust manifolds.  They provide a cleaner "Scavenging" of exhaust gasses.  Header sizes, lengths, and diameters can be "tuned" to the intended purpose of the engine.'Headers' is another name for the exhaust manifold, which collects exhaust gasses from the exhaust ports on the engine head (thus the name) and combines them into one outlet. The name 'headers' is usually associated with aftermarket performance manifolds.
GET ONE OFF THE BACK OF A TRUCK.. Those are coded to each car... so if u try to remove or replace it yourself.. it stops working until you pay them 200$ to reset it -.- so, dont Fuzz wit ityou should beable to update it free of charge. Try acuras website..or call there customer service.. . But usually Navigation systems dont get outdated..expecially on such a new model liek a TSX
Could be a computer problem, or the trans relay is stuck on.  Check the underhood fuse center for a trans relay.  The auto shutdown relay could also be stuck.  Buy a Haynes or Chilton manual, they have wiring diagrams.  Also, make friends with a Dodge tranny man, you'll need him.  I sold my 96 dakota after I had all sorts of weird tranny issues.  Any check engine lights on???alternator is bad.really that is the only thing that can drain your battery. to test this start your car pull the neg. cable off if the car dies your alternator is bad you can go to auto zone or advanced auto and they will test it free.
if u call the dealer give them the vin they can easily make a key the problem is some dealer do require proof of ownership b4 they will give u a spare key for a 99 they prob won't ask to many  ?s u might have to get the key programed though if u have pats i can't remember the first year they came outIt is going to be very hard. I used to cut keys for cars from the Vin numbers and we had to have some type of proof that we could cut the key for the person requesting it.  Think about it, if they didn't require some type of proof, then anyone could get a key cut for any vehicle in the United States. The problem with that, is that in most states and most insurance companies state in their laws, rules and regulations, that it is not auto theft if a key was used to take the car.. . That is why they require some type of proof that you can have a key cut to the said vehicle.Have your boyfriend call the dealership and explain the problem. They can get the necessary info from him. Most likely they will help you out.call the ford dealer tell them your his wife. they can make 1 or tell you who can.You need to present the registration for the vehicle.  If you have that, you can get a copy of the key made at the dealership.  If you can't prove it's your car, they won't even bother listening to you.Call the local Ford dealership and tell them what happened.  They have made new keys for me over the phone.
sit on it to keep it warm.Put an extension cord with a light bulb under the hood.  The heat from the light bulb will keep the engine block and battery warm enough for it to start.Good batteries can withstand very cold weather when fully charged. If you have a bad battery or something on all the time this could be your problem.Make sure it's good.  I'm thinking carrying a spare in your trunk would be an idea if you're worried about it.  I guess it's legal.Get a good battery.a good, fully charged battery will always start no matter what the temp. is. . old batteries are ones that die in the winterif it's going dead in the winter, time to replace it..  normal battery life is 2-3 years anything over that is a +
I don't know where the others who answered this got their info, but here's what I did when I was in the same predicament and living in CA:  Went to the DMV with the appropriate paper work, retested, and got my license!  Now, my ticket was for 'Speeds in Excess' of 100mph, so I don't know if that's the reason why I needed a form called SR24 or something similar (the 'SR' part is right, the number I forget).  Once you pay the ticket it's registered in the system.  If you are indeed in the U.S., it's worth going to the DMV and asking them for all appropriate forms THEY require so you don't make unncessary trips.  Hope this helps and good luckAll you have to do now is to go to the Secretary of State and get tell them that you need to reinstate your license.  They will take care of that for you.  Basically you are getting a new license.  I would take the receipt just for proof, but they should have the pmt on record.  Just in case though.  I have gone through this before.Well Steve, I don't know if you're in China, or the US since you didn't say, but the procedure is much the same regardless.  If the fine is not paid, make a copy of the receipt showing it is paid, and write to whatever entity responsible for pulling your license, saying something on the order of "The fine is now paid (see enclosed proof of payment).  What further steps do I need to do to get my license back?"  They will tell you, do them, drive legally again.call the dmv they will tell you what needs to be done... I had mine suspended and I called dmv they told me what tickets needed ot be cleared... Good luck... it cost me almost 2,000 to clear!
I think you are in the wrong area,that doesn't sound automotive to me,sorry.If a mechanic told you this, he/she could mean that the valve chamber is scratched and/or gashed. Hope this helps
No problem, we'll get rid of big business, and go back to living in the stone age. If you're so concerned about the price of fuel, why aren't you driving a hybrid, or a Toyota Echo, or the like. I'll bet that Ranger doesn't get very good mileage. As for flex fuel, where do you think it comes from, the corn fairy. The corn has to be grown and processed to make ethanol. Our farmers have to make a living. On top of which, there is less energy in ethanol than there is in gasoline.(some people have said that by the time you take into account the fuel needed to grow the corn, and later process the ethanol, you actually put more energy into making a gallon, than you get out of it.) If you're concerned about the cost of fuel, sell the Ranger, get a used Geo Metro,(or a moped) and stop complaining. The last time I was in Europe,(2004) it cost $50 to fill up the rental Opel Astra.(about 10 gal.) Besides depending on the state, there is at least 50 cents tax on every gallon of gas.Yes it is high, but don't gripe too much, as it is over $5 in great Britian, and around same in Germany, - even higher in some other places!!  It would probably be much higher here too, - if we didn't have some capacity to produce "home grown" peteroleum.. . If you cut out the speculaters,. and just let the prices flow with the market, you would have price changes every couple days, but the over all adverage would probably be much lower thatn it is! . . This is not all the oil companies fault eiteher, when they are paying high prices for the oil, they have to pass it on, (or they go broke), - and then there is no gas available!. . And of course don't forget your "precious government" eitehr, - in most states more than 50 cents is collected on each gallon in taxes!. . There is literally nobody that you can "shoot with a magic bullet" and cure the problem!. . By the way Brazill's opionion is "up yours America"!!because there was a flood in some part of the US. the economy fell. and therefor the prices went up because the value of their currency went down. and canada sadly fell with itWell, how about us, Europeans, paying 01.7 $ per...littre ????.  (1 galon=4.54 lit!) You are still... winning!. .  Ciao........John-John.you want greed I live in australia and cause of  war and natural disaster our fuel is around $1.50 per litre i'd kill for $2 a gallonIts not.  Take a look at fuel prices around the world and the USA is cheap!!  Europe pays almost $8 a gallon for fuel!!. . America, stop buying SUVs and join the rest of the world with Kyoto.  Then your prices will go down.. . And Canada hasn't fallen as far as the US.  $0.90 exchange rate is looking pretty good compared to $0.63Actually, gas isn't that expensive.  It was around $4 a gallon 12 years ago in Great Britain.  Iceland is around $4.50 a gal.It's not greed.. . It's taxes (federal and state are about 45 cents/gallon).. Plus California formulas cost more to refine and are virtually only made in the state, ie not imported from Oregon or Arizona, to keep prices down.. . And most of all, because of demand.  People are too lazy to change their habits.  I don't see a lot of people selling their trucks or SUVs, buying fuel-efficient cars.  Or walking, riding a bike, or taking public transit.. . You want cheap fuel?  Move to Venezuela, Mexico, Iran, or even China.  They all pay less than $1 per gallon.  But you might find some quality of life issues.. . Brazil is self-sufficient because they discovered and developed large oil fields off their coast.  And, yeah, they make ethanol from sugar cane.  But not 100%.
Riding with the rear brakes out for to long will cause the front brakes to pick-up the extra load or force wearing them down faster causing you to need a complete brake job. So try to  get rear brakes repaired as soon as possible either way your coming out of the pocket. The scrubbing sound you'll hear will eventually drive you crazy.It depends.  Are they just squeaking (which usually indicates that you are at the warning tabs) or do they sound like they are grinding?  If just squeaking, you can go another month or 2.  If they are grinding, it probably means that you've already gone thru the pad and now you are just grinding your rotors.  If that happens, not only do you get poor braking, you also have to replace your rotors as well as your pads.  Don't let it get this far.Midas Muffler (in my area, anyhow), will do a free brake inspection/adjustment nad tell you everything wrong.ok well since your car is a front wheel drive car... then your braking is mainly in your fronts not your back brakes. Because the majority of your cars wieght is in the front....i highly doubt its your back....but it is possible.  Depending on how long you have been driving on them....When your pedal starts to vibrate and start hearing a grinding noise with moderate to heavy braking....then it is time to do it then or ASAP. If you drive on them too long you WILL need to replace your rotors....which will be about $40 to $60 a piece.  And the same for your drums too.  Drums are your rear brakes.If you're hearing the brakes making noise, ASAP.  You don't want the brake pads to wear completely down to bare metal or you can do major damage to your rotors, etc.   If you just feel they aren't stopping as good as they once were, they should be checked to see if they need to be changed or adjusted.
What, Alien said.i was told lights are 3 mins long . and then it changes yellow, red or greenit's work by a timer just thatOlder, orginal lights were operated solely by a timer. The timer was adusted manually according to traffic surveys.. . Newer lights have a wire that is placed in a groove in the pavement at or just before the stop lines on the pavement. That tells the system when a car has stopped and the system will begin to operate a timer that will activate the lights to turn red and stop traffic coming from the other direction.Most stoplights in cities and large towns have sensors under the road that sense how many cars are in one side of an intersection vs. how many cars are on another side. But most stop lights in small towns are just timed to have one side green for so long and then the other side green for a certain amount of time.Most Light systems have a pressure sensor in each lane to tell the signal when a car is present.  They also tell them which lane has more cars or the heaviest traffic so the light can decide which lane to keep green longest.  This is also the way that the light can tell if it needs to turn the green arrow on for the turn lane or if the lane is empty.  Most lights also have a maximum and minimum time setting for a light cycle to complete.. . Older systems often are strictly on timers.. . Newer systems use optical devices to monitor lanes.  They also include cameras to catch light runners,  tied in with afore mentioned optical sensors.Most locations detect the prescence of vehicles with detector loops. These loops are put into the pavement at intersection approaches and detect vehicles. This then triggers the light to go into green time. Another technology that is currently replacing the pavement loops is video vehicle detection cameras (VIVDS). These cameras mounted on the mast arms can detect when a vehicle approaches the intersection. Then the signal knows that that approach needs green time. Most locations in urban areas run on some type of detection. This allows the signal to operate based on the demand that is present at that particular time. This is the most efficient way to operate a signalized intersection. Other locations have fixed timing programs in them that may change at different times of day, such as peak hour.there are sensors in the road so when you stop at the lights the sensor detects that there is a car there and it makes the lihts change after a certain amouhnt of time, basically it will stay green for a certain amount of time depending on the time that the sensors in th road detect other cars behind you and other cars at other places waitning to  go at the lights.
Advertise the parts or car on ebay or craigslist. Craigslist is free..  You can donate it and get a tax deduction of $500..    Type in car donations in your search window. You will find many that will come and get it .the prosess is simple you bring me the car and i give you the cashcall your local car junkyard....... they will pay money for it........ the only bad thing is that they wont pay much.....call any scrap yard in your area and they will tell you the right way to do it in your areaFirst find a scrap recycleing center (scrap yard) and if you have a truck rent a car dolly and take in in and sell it to the shredder make sure they have on before you go and if they do  you should be able to get around 200 hundred buck... dont call someone to take it from you they need to make a profit to . so they wont give u much .call a junk yard they will come pick the car up for youCall a salvage yard and see if they are interested. If so negotiate a price including having them transport the car. They won't take it unless you have the title of ownership.Call a junk yard.  They'll make you an offer and pick it up.  . Don't expect more than about $50.Most junkyards will give you about $100 for a car. Just look them up in the phone book, call them and they will come and tow it away for you. You must have the title.
Try the DVLA website.one of lifes great mysteries!!!Google itWell they'll have to soon as there will be an automatic fine.  Just worried though, if your'e turning right and then suddenly the car in front stops and you are still on the box, the lights change to Red and you haven't been able to move, I assume you will also get the fine and it wasn't your fault.get a digi camera take a photo of em send it to cops!I know, but it's like one of those annoying things on the road we have to deal with. The law simply does not permit standing your car in the yellow box anytime for whatever reason, whether the car in front of you stopped, moved whatever.  It's like the speed camera b******s too, especially in areas you clearly see it's not required.I'm fairly certain that most drivers don't have a clue as to how to use them properly, that's why. Ask one if, when turning right at a box junction, can he enter the box legally or not, and see what you get as an answer!The essence of a yellow box is that you do not enter it unless your exit is clear and not anticipated to be clear.  If the car in front stops and leaves you stranded in the middle of of the box, it's your fault.  This has always been the case but if they start handing out fines for it, light-controlled crossings will become grid locked with fights breaking out in the traffic queue.The law states, 'do not ENTER the box unless your exit is clear' so there can be no excuse, if you can't get a cars length past the box, then you just don't enter it. Yes there are loads of people, and not only in the UK, who just don't know how to use them, and i suspect that many don't even know what they meanThe yellow boxes painted on the road is to inform vehicle . drivers that they are not supposed to stop their vehicles in that. section when they drive their vehicles to wait in-line at the. T-junction or traffic lights.. They are there to ease and help the traffic flow better.. However, when you approach the yellow box, you should make. sure that you can cross over it without stopping your vehicle. at the said box. If you cannot cross it but happen to stop in the. box, you'll be penalized by the police or traffic warden as an. traffic offence and slapped with a fine which is stated in the. safety and traffic law.
THE EASIEST WAY TO TELL IF YOU HAVE A BAD CLUTCH  IS TO GO FROM 1ST GEAR TO HIGH GEAR AND THEN LET THE CLUTCH OUT AND STEP ON THE GAS , EITHER THE ENGINE WILL RACE WITHOUT GOING ANY WHERE OR ELSE THE EGNINE WILL BOG DOWNStart the truck in first gear get it rolling. Put in third or fourth gear right away, almost bog the engine. Floor it....the engine will rev, slipping clutch, and not go faster....bad clutch/pressure plate assemblyIts your "slave" cylinder and probably a worn clutch plate?
Is the speedo electronic or Mechanical?. It appears your speedo is working so it is the speedo head instrument that requires repair in that case a job for an auto electrican.. Have fun removing the speedo head.If your speedometer is also not working, it could be either the cable (easy to fix) or gearing in the transmission (somewhat more difficult).  If the speedometer works, you may have to replace the gauge panel--and have something stating the actual mileage of the car (though that may not be a problem with a car over ten years old).  Check with your licensing office.Does the Speedometer work? Are you getting a "check engine" light on with a P0500? If the speedometer reads your vehicle speed, then it's internal to the speedometer itself. If not, it could be a failed VSS (vehicle speed sensor).
Alcohol is a base, you'll need an acid to neutralize it. Try lemon juice.. . Or you could eat nothing but mexican food for four days then have someone drive you around while you sit in the back seat, after a few hours of that you'll never notice the alcohol smell. ;)My friends trunk smelled awful because she had a cooler full of jello shots. Anyway...she used a combo thing. She used febreeze, some carpet cleaner type of stuff I beleive, and some air freshoiner.Soap and warm water.I believe denatured alcohol will do the trick or you could wash the seat with soapy water
The combustion chambers on these heads are much smaller than open chamber (smog) heads.  These heads were typically on high performance engines in older vehicles built to run on higher octane leaded gas.  It takes a keen eye to recognize these heads visually without something to compare to.  The only way to truly know without experience is look for casting numbers on your heads and do a little research into these numbers.A closed chamber head has part of the combustion chamber closed off,opposite of an open chamber head that has a sphere shape chamber.This would be so much easier to draw out for you,hope this helps.
buy one at the junk yard and fix it yourself.hello friend  . I am very happy we can discuss about business experience .i hope we can told each other  more important experience .i have a website online store, we are pleasure to offer you large selection of fine products .we are a dedicated shoes .clothes . curio computer for many years ,on this website we will introduce our brand ,as Jordan Puma Nike Gucci Monster dunk Turbo tommy polo Adidas Prada Sony ,Panasonic Lenovo Apple Fujitsu an so on, i hope you can wasting a little time to looking for it, the quality is very goods ,and the price is very low,we can offer large numbers of goods for the seller, this is my MSN llpshop@hotmail.com and bjfshop@hotmail.com .my email address is bjfshop@hotmail.com   fengshop@hotmail.com . i hope you can joins us ,we are happy contact with some overseas friends .make friend with you ,and make a business-ship with you ,we hope you can interest in our website goods and joins us .thank you very much .. Have a nice day . llpshop
if the 8th digit of the VIN is D then it's 2.2 if  it's K then it's a 2.5...hope that helpsit should be on the valve cover or the core supportThere is a sticker on the radiator support that should tell you the engine size. It's the Emission sticker. the aeris had 4 different motors in it. 1 was the 2.2 the 2.5 (both 4 poppers) the 3.0 and 3.3 (both V6's) if you are unable to locate the sticker then you will need to contact the dealer with the engine code located in the Vin if I remember correctly it's the 4th or 5th character. Call them and they can tell you.They are both fours.  Check the Vin and try carfaxThe easiest way to find out the size engine is to look at the VIN number.  The Dodge Aries had accually only three engines avalible during its entire run.  All the engines were four cylinders. The engines avalible were:  a 2.2L inline four (Chrysler Corp), a 2.5L inline four (Chrysler Corp), and a 2.6L G54B inline four (Mitsubishi Motors Corp).  There was not a V6 avalible for the Dodge Aires.call a dealer or try a car parts store
I have known at least three such drivers over the years.  Each was from a different state and each had a different method.. . One was always put on call and called in as the snow storm started.  He helped prepare the trucks with salt or salt/cinder mix.  He just drive his pickup truck or car to work.. . One was a veteran driver who was not required to arrive as early, but this was still at least one hour before the trucks were sent out.  He drove to work in a 4 wheeled drive truck with sandbags in the truck bed and chains on the wheels.. . The last was a part-time relief driver.  He lived out of town a short distance and when called in usually took a snowmobile to work.ha ha last time i heard that one i fell off my dinosaur.In Virginia they get to the office when it first starts snowing to prepare. They have to put the salt spreaders and plows on, so by the time it is difficult to drive they are there already. However, some people do come to releave them or just get there late and they usaully have 4x4 trucks and in some case they live in the area, so the snow plow drivers just pick them up.Surely he must keep the snow plough at home and set off from there!! :-PDepends on the region. In some Illinois cities, a crew is on alert when a snowstorm is forecast. The crew will be staged at an office/lodging building that has the plows there already.
Open the hood and remove the plastic "screws" above the headlight and remove the plastic cover to reveal the back of the headlight assembly. From there pull the black tab near the height adjustment and the whole light should just pop right out. From there find the bulb that doesn't work and remove the wiring by pressing the clips. Turn the bulb its self and it should just slide out. Then replace in backwards order.one word of advise don't touch the new bulb with your bare hands as the oils in your hands will cause the bulb to burn out sooner.First lift up the hood...then depending on whch side left or right.. go to the side that needs the light bulb. look directly behind the light and there will be like a cover. un screw the screws out of the cover take out the old bulb and put the new one in...my mom's got the same car...thats how I know!take it out then put the new one in.
BMFH. . Big Mother --------- Hammer.It varies by manufacturer.  Purchase a repair manual for your make of truck.  Special sockets will/may be required.  Good luck.There is a row of bolts around the center of your hub. Most of the time they are allen head bolts!Remove these bolts and the lock out assemble will pull out.
Fix the wipers. It wouldn't do the human race any harm if you killed yourself, but you might hurt someone who's not a complete idiot.use rain xI think you NEED to get them fixed. Your car will fail its next inspection without functional windshield wipers. Even if it weren't a legal requirement, it's very dangerous driving with even poorly-functioning windshield-wipers. (I nearly collided with a police car once because of it!)Rain X works real good but repairing the wipers works even better.I am glad I don't live in HI if you are going to try something this unsafe.If you MUST drive without them, (Also illegal as well as unsafe) use RAIN-X. It will sheet the water off the glass very well. But you MUST follow the directions well. If you don't, it doesn't work AT ALL.. . Good LuckWithout windshield wipers your car isn't fit for the road. If you get stopped by the cops in weather that requires operating wipers, & you don't have them, your car could be taken off the road & you could face a fine.. Besides, it's just not safe.unsafely.Pretend the raindrops are cum, and suck them all up before they block your vision.just wax your windshield with regular wax. it doesnt last as long but its cheaper than rain-xMine dont work eather so I took a string and tied it to each wiper blade and ran the string inside the two front windows then when it rains all I do is pull the string back and forth and my wipers work just fine! Total cost of the Fix .2 cents
The yellow light means stop if safe to. If the coppa belives that you had sufficent time to stop, yes you should go to courtYes.  Go to court and dispute it.  Sometimes with tickets like this, the officer that gives them don't even show up.. If the officer doesn't show up, then it will be thrown out.No, if the officer shows up you have no chance of winning.No, it would be costly. Call a lawyers office and ask their opinion. Lawyers are great about answering questions like these. . What you did is so iffy. People stair at that traffic light and do not look for that last guy to go. You could be in an accident if you are not careful. If the car ahead would have to stop on a dime, you could kill somebody  or be disabled yourself. Driving is a privilege and you must see it as such. Think of your car as a loaded gun and treat it as such. The car can kill just as fast as a bullet. Good luck and please be careful. my grandchildren may be in the car ahead of you.no dont waste the courts or the officers time just go to traffic school so you dont get points on your insurance.According to the safety and traffic rules, you're to get ready. to stop whenever you see a yellow light appearing at the traffic. lights. If you so happen to cross it while it's yellow (in your case,. it's disputable as the cop saw the yellow and gave you a ticket,. but you said it was still green), you should stop at the traffic. lights to be on the safe side.. You can take your case to the courts and argue about it.. But, your testimony against the cop's - will you win outright or. in the end still get the penalty? That's for you to find out.. Besides, unnecessary time spend in court and whether it is. worth it.. For me, I would just pay the fine without any hassle.mail it in brou should ask the police officer why...and yes u should go to court... even it is yellow u are not able to stop as it a turn.... i'll support u...
its lostIt's horny???what do u mean it wont turn off???Its crashed. Hit the reset button.Try taking the card out and putting it back in again.. . I've got no idea what the problem is but I had the same thing and this worked for mehave you tried evertthing you can think off if it still wont turn off take it back its most likely crashed inside this will require professional helpI had a similar problem recently with mine.  On the underneath there is a reset button, you need a thin pen like object to push it, but it will do the job. . When i did mine, I did not lose any of my favourites either.
because it is measuring the sg of the liquid, so the denser the liquid, the higher its sg, the more "crap" there is in the water to hold the bulb up.  the less stuff in the liquid the lower the sg the further the bulb falls.  as you read the number from where the stem cuts the surface you have lower numbers at the top as more will be under the surface in lower sg liquidsI think it just to confuse people as it could just as easy been designed the other way, another example is wire gauge size the higher the gauge number the smaller the wire diameter.  If you think about it the usa system is just about opposite of the rest of the world and for no good reason.The scaling is not linear.. It follows a phsical law or two, and I'm a bit rusty on this, but if it is working to a logarithmic scaling, then indicator marks are going to reduce as the scale goes down.Must be somthing to do with altitude,Why would you want to use a hydrometer on an aircraft(Check question section AIRCRAFT Doh.
I hope she just got really tired or started unpacking or is still checking in and forgot.  Can you call the sheriff or road condition hotlines (do you have those)? . . Good luck.go on the news websitesCause one.  din you right in da middle man.If you call your local police station and report her as missing, they'll try to find her.  I pray she is ok.Call Highway Patrol in every state on her route.
did you ask the dealer how much the part is? tell me the last 8 digits of the vin and i can at least tell you how much it would be from me. this way you can tell if your local dealer is gouging you or not. good luck.. i'll check back in a while to see if you added the vin.You could try a junkyard. Even if they don't have one they can probably find one for you. I'd just fork over the money to the dealer personally. With used parts you never know that you're getting a lasting fix. But they are cheaper. Much cheaper.The best is to get one from a local dealer. Most dealerships will give discounts to Vets or local clubs. Advise your local dealership and I am sure they will help. Also, ask the V.A. if they can help you.I hope you get the help you need.  I know how the VA in Augusta, GA is about being on time for appointments.  . . Go to the dealer and get some help there.
try switching ignition off push tripmeter reset button. keep it held in then switch ignition back on do not start engine.mileometer. will count down from ten remember to keep button pushed in all the time untill you get an = sign then let go of button switch ignition off .when you switch back on it should be resetThis light can only be replaced by a technician in . France. It can be turned off by cutting the blue wire leading to it that is under the dashboard. I put a Band-Aid over mine and now it does not bother me.1st get a sledge hammer............................................It needs to be reset by a Citroen dealershipBy trading it in for something better!. . DON'T BUY FRENCH!
Oil hasnt circulated through the system..maybe try a lighter weight oil.Is it a loud ticking noise that goes away as you drive for a couple of miles or less? If so I would say you are using the wrong oil filter. Since you did not say what car you have its only a guess. But on a lot of Japanese motors there is a anti bleed back valve built into the filter if you use a cheap filter the valve does not hold pressure over night and when you start the car it takes a few minutes to build back up the oil pressure.why not???. . some people have to go to work early, you knowEither you have a big hole in your exhaust, or your pushing 500 HP with tubed headers,  Or the oil needs to be a little lighter.Car needs to warm up for a litttle.do you live somewhere cold?my 2004 makes some engine noise in the morning because its 20 below zero outside.other than it being cold I dont know what would make it do the noises in the morning.a cold engine isn't lubricated well yet because the oil hasnt reached the camshaft, pistons, lifters,etc. to prevent damage to your engine ALWAYS let the car idle for a few minutes before you travel. this will allow full lubrication. make sure their is oil in the car in the first place! check your owners manual and make sure you are using the correct weight.Alternator, Carborator?. The cold weather could have something to do with it if your oil's too old.. Also check the timing belt.
Why dont you get your mother to insure it there in WI. Send her the money and you have insurance. Thats what I do.You can get what we call "bond" insurance.  It covers YOU not the car.  So no matter what car you drive you are covered.  I think liability works the same way but bond insurance is way cheap.If you are now driving the car in California, you need to get it in your name, get the smog done, and get CA plates on it.  As far as insurance, you can buy insurance from any company that is licensed to do business in the state you live in.unless youre in the military,, and often times even then,,, you most likely have to change it in your name....you have to get it registered in CA. she has to transfer the title to your name. contact your dmv to get the specifics and necessary forms.
Spinners but they are hot in more than one way! they go from small to large some even have locksThey are called spinners, and your wasting your time with purchasing them things.Spinners.  They get ripped off.. . CoachThey're called spinners. They work on the theory of kinetic energy. Good ones are quite expensive. Most people usually go for the wal-mart ones.
It could be a few different things.  First, if the ends of the cables are corroded or dirty, then the battery may not be able to get enough power back while the car is running to recharge properly.  Cleaning them with a battery brush or a small wire brush will usually cure this.  Second, your alternator may be wearing out, and just not generating enough power to completely recharge the battery.  The best way I know of to detect this is to remove the alternator from the car and have it tested (most parts stores will have a machine to test starters and alternators).  Another likely cause would be the starter motor on the engine.  If this is wearing out, it randomly won't engage and start the engine, and/or will require a lot more power than normal to operate, possibly more power than the battery is designed to supply.  It may also just plain wear out and stop working completely.  The last cause I can think of is both less likely and harder to identify.  If the inside of one of the wires is corroded or cracked and broken, contact will be partially or completely prevented and less, if any, power can get through.  Depending on what wire is the problem, it can cause all sorts of issues.  For example, the battery may not recharge even with a good alternator, the starter may not get enough power to operate properly even if it is in good condition, or a wire may be grounding out somewhere and drain the battery while the car sits.  As I said, this is a less common problem than the others I listed, but because the actual metal wire is covered up by the plastic or rubber coating, it is almost impossible to spot unless the coating is damaged too (and in a location you can see).  What I would do first is to look at the wires that connect to the battery and make sure they are clean and have a good connection.  If that is not the problem, charge the battery for at least a few hours to make sure it has a decent charge (longer if you have a very small charger, like 1 or 2 amps maximum), and then see what id does when you try to start it.  If it starts easily, you probably have a bad alternator.  If it starts with difficulty or won't start, the culprit is most likely the starter.  There is one other possibility, but it is very unlikely.  If the battery you purchased was not made properly (manufacturing errors do happen but are rare), the battery will probably not hold a charge.  To tell if the battery is either bad or low on power, turn on an interior light (a map light usually works well) and try to start the car.  If the light dims significantly when you turn the key, it is not putting out enough power, and it is either low, bad, or there is a bad connection.  A bad battery is easily confirmed at the parts store the same way you had the old one tested.  I hope this helps.well the lights come on because when you turn your key forward all the way but dont start it it turns on the power (u probly already knew that) But the problem with your care could be a number of thing the first this i would check is the starter motor and if its not that take it to a local garage and get a courtesy check on it that when they look over every part of your car tell you what wrong then you decide if you want them to fix it hope i could help sry if i couldnt..     Peace.           Dave KingIt is definitly the starter problem. You can try starting the car in the following order but only if you understend the parts of your engine:. Find your starter, there are 2 or 3 wires atached to the starter, check for good conectivity (conections must be tight). If not tighten the wires and try to start the engine.Well this is a starter bendix problem ..replace the starter and besure  you first disconect you positive battery cable before triing to remove old starter. install new starter recheck wire connections to be sure they are tight and re-connect battery cable .Then try to start car I bet it will run!
You would have to get a paint sample or have the police see if anything matches up damage wise with her car.go buy a baseball bat ,, wait till about one thirty in the morning than go inflict about the same amount of damage or maybe a little more to cover the cost of the bat.. than chalk it up as a even Steven...first thing is give her a chance to come clean.  You left her the note see what she does.  If she doesn't respond in a couple of days, contact a lawyer.  Try asking anybody else who parks near there or lives on that side of the building if they have seen her do it?  The more witnesses of course the better.  If you have significant damage to your vehicle it would not be fair to you to have to claim it on your insurance.  That will only drive up your rate.  Good luck I hope this doesn't get messy for youwell if it was an accident then just leave her alone. But if it was on purpose put some sugar in fuel tank.well you could hit her but thats not going to solve anything.sue, if ure old enough or,. . ask her to pay the damagesWhen the same thing happened to me, I just called the police. They contacted the person for me. If she hit your car and didn't leave a note or anything, that's a crime.id call my local police department and ask them it may actually be to late to do anything now,your supposed to report anything like that when you first find it,but its worth a try anyway,,good luck i hope this help,s.Well if you have no proof (such as a witness) or can't match any paint scrapes to the cars you're pretty much out of luck. Unless you have some actual proof that she hit you (she may allege you struck her, it happens!) then you can claim with your insurance if you have collision, but they probably can't get payment from her.
thats all i do,is take off the gas cap,but you can take out the fuse and crank the engine till the fuel is all used up in the fuel lines.There is a schrader valve (like a valve stem on your wheel)  on the fuel pressure line probably somewhere near the throttle body.  Make sure it is on the gas line and not the AC line (they have similar valves too).  You can get an attachment for this valve to depressurize, but if the car has been sitting for a while, there will not be too much pressure, and you can use a screwdriver to depress the valve.  Make sure you put a rag around it and turn your face away when you do it.In the fuse box, find the fuse for the fuel pump and remove it.  Turn the engine over a few revolutions with the ignition key.  Turn off the ignition and disconnect the battery.. . Do not replace the fuse until all of the maintenance is complete and all of the fuel lines are reconnected.
Well... failed to look both left and right...erm...would you please be a little more specific?  you can fail for a lot of things... let me guess, she accidentally drove onto a train line, stalled and caused a bit of a rail crash...Shot in the dark here but maybe because she wasn't good enough to pass. Either that or you shouldn't have rung her mobile and asked her to pick you up from the pub while she was doing a hill start.she didn't stop exactly behind the stop line by  a feet or so...or maybe she ran over a sidewalk ... or maybe she couldnt parallel park...o crossed a  red light. . the last thing could be .. thatshe ranover a pedestrian and smashed his face on the windshield..because she can't drive.  What the hell did you think, the street gods were angry?I've got a better question: why have you posted this question?. . It's ridiculous - how the fuck are we supposed to know?. . If she's anything like you, it's because she's a muppet, or a numbskull, or a cretin, or maybe all three combined.. . If you have posted this in jest, however, then obviously don't take the above seriously!some details would have been usefulI don't know why she failed but ask your mrs if the examiner got out of the car and ran away. Ask her also if there was a bad eggy smell as this is a give away sign that she might have frightened the examiner so much that he/she followed through. Usually the examiners leap out of the car at red traffic lights and you don't see them for dust!How bad did she fail?  Didn't they explain what she did wrong?Ask your Mrs. The examiner must have given her a reason!!Could have been any number of things.. She must have been given details of what she failed on.I know somebody who did everything right on his driving test, except for the fact he drove in a bus lane... and failed, how ridiculous is that!. . Driving in a bus lane is not a dangerous offence, he shouldn't have been failed for that. It's up to him if he wants to drive in a bus lane and pay a fine for doing so.if i knew ur missus i could probibly say for sure but i dont so im putting it down to nervsMore than likely be nervesLook at the driving test report it says on there her mistakes
why?You would need to fabricate a custom hub plate and affix it to the hub and have welded stud bolts on the opposite side to secure the custom wheel. More for looks than speed. Good Luck !All you need to know is how far apart the lugs are and the back spacing ....most  quads have really large hubs anywayso   get your numbers or take it to a tire and rim shop and have them order it for you. they can hook you up......accually some quads have a larger bolt pattern then some cars ( Ford festiva) so you should be ok.
If you are not hearing a squealing sound or metal on metal sound when you apply brakes, you may have air in the brake line. Have you rechecked the fluid level since you added? You may have a leak.because you need break fluid! If you keep driving like this you are going to hit somebody. get your brakes checked out and fill up your break fluid reservoir.Have your booster checked. This happened to me in a car I had. You'll eventually get where you can't stop. Get it fixed before you have an accident.Do you have leaks? You must have a bad master cyclinder and/or power booster, or air in your brake lines.has fluid level went down if so you may have a caliper or line leak. or maybe your master cylinder is bad that is the container you put your fluid in and make sure you pump your brakes alot after filling to get fluid down in the lined and then check to see if you need to refill. if youe caliper is leaking you may see wet streeks on your front tire or tires.You could either have a leak in the system or you have alot of air in the lines.it sounds like you have a leak and air in the system,if its not coming out at a wheel it could be the seal in the master draining into the power booster,this is nothing to mess with,get it diagnosed and repairedBrake fluid doesn't last forver actually. You may also have air in the lines which can do what you are describing.  Take it to a place to have the brakes checked out. you probably need new pads/shoes and when they change those they should bleed the lines and replace the brake fluid.
AWB = for air cargo.. BL = normally refer to ocean cargo.. . Both are used for cargo clearance.  There many types of BL & you need to be either in shipping dept or read more reference book.one is used for the transort of goods through the air and the other is used for ground or ship transportation
it burned out the battery plus just to be on the safe side toss it to the repair shop for an inspectioni own a  repair shop,and it has , messed it up good from doing that,i do a lot of work here in the shop,and i have repaired a few that have been crossed over,you may reversed the polarity of the battery on it,this makes things try and work back wards,and nothing will work right ,if this has happened to it you can try putting a different battery in it,and see if that helps some,but you may have to have a good electrical mechanic look at it for you ,because it may have some serious damage to it,,good luck i hope this will help,,and as far as cost go most mechanics work on an hourly bases so the price can add real fast on it.I don't know about your car but I Improperly jumped my girlfriend once and she slapped the snot outta me.Unfortunately, jumping a car backwards can cause a significant amount of damage. It reverses the voltage on the electronic components and canc cause some to burn out. You might want to look at the voltage regulator, computers and other components. A good maintenance facility will likely have a computer than can check a good deal of the system. The old radio ought to work as long as the voltage is still correct. If you have a Volt Meter, check the DC voltage. It should be around 13 volts, maybe a bit more or less. If it's far higher, don't run the car as you could cause even more damage.. .   Take it to a maintenance facility that deals with electrical problems; that's your best bet.its cooked.. i did that to my girlfriends car....it needed all new wiring.. 500 dollars,and it didn't have a computer!! good luk..I think your radio is picking up interference from a different component which has been fried.  Perhaps the interference suppressor in the ignition circuit?  On older vehicles this is a capacitor near the timing points/distributor.  (a metal cylinder about half an inch across) It you can find it, this is cheap to replace.Wow... it is uncommon that their would be so many things fail after you reversed the battery connections while boosting. It is sounding like your Body Control Module and your Radio is fried. I highly recommend bringing your vehicle to a mechanic. Their is not much that can be done on line... or in your driveway.. . I am sorry to say... but this won't be a cheap repair. Bring it to a shop you can trust... They will more then likely charge you a 1 hour diagnostic fee... decide from that point if the car is worth fixing. . . The usual items that fail (in order) due to incorrect boosting are:. 1) Starter . 2) Alternator. 3) Electronic Control Module's (Including your BCM)
actually in europe and in japan they came with back seats. In the us market this wasnt partically because we are big ppl (safety issues).The body pan in the back of the 84-87 CRX in countries that got the backseat is different.  The conversion of adding a backseat to a north American can and has been done although it is not likely that it is legal to actually have someone back there.  For further information I suggest you sign up at http://redpepperracing.com as they have all the required information you will need, as well as people willing to ship backseats from across the sea!
The clicking noise is either a defective blend door actuator or cracked blend door.  It needs to be diagnosed properly, one repair is a lot more expensive than the other.I agree with yugie29. Chances are it is a blend door actuator I have been seeing alot of them laatley but keep in mind that your best bet is to head to your local ford dealer for an accurate diagnosis.^ Technitions Answer is the best ^It sounds like youtr vent is stuck open to allow in outside air.  And the clicking noise is probably from the small electric motor that controls the vent.
You should return the part to where ever you bought it and ask for the correct part.  But if you can't do that,  chances are, one of the wires is a positive and the other a ground.  The horn with one wire uses the bolt that attaches the horn to the automobile as a ground instead of using a wire.  You will need to figure out which wire is the positive and and connect that to the horn .  As for the other wire, you may need to ground it but probably not.Presumably the original was plastic so needed both +ive and -ive wires. The new one being metal gets its -ive connection from the ground of the mounting bolt (make sure the metal is clean on the vehicle and horn) so simply see which one of the 2 wires you have make it work and tape the other one up out of the way.The horn chassis must be grounded and the other wire to positive, try it before installing. If that don't work take it back.You should get the correct part.
take  the car to a repair shop   pleaseyea i agree with the other guy if you dont know how many spark plugs u need or have.. and dont know where the thermostat is or looks like just close your hood and pay someone.I would suggest that if you do not know how to find a sparkplug on any vehicle, that you do not work under the hood of your car.  For safety, and to have the work done correctly.. . The spark plugs are at the end of the ignition wires as they connect to the engine block.. . The thermostat is inside the coolant system, probably where the intake hose meets the engine block.I'm not a mechanic....but the thermostat should be under a cap/lid near the radiator. . The spark plugs will be located at the end of wires going from the distributor to the engine block. . Check out a Chilton's book for your car at the local auto parts store, that should help immensely.  gl
This heater core is what we call a "top loader", which means it goes in to the heater box from the top, and you have to remove the entire dash to get it out. You also have to evacuate and recharge the air conditioning, which requires special equiptment. Take it to your mechanic, Alldata allows 5.9 hours to do the job.Rip it out and put another in.
Use a metal polish (a solid rather than a liquid spray).  It requires more work, the results will be far superior.. . Mother's makes a full line of these... no, I don't work there ;-)use mothers chrome polish its a liquid in a small red bottle the liquid is kinda blue in color and it works greatMother's chrome polish is what the bikers and car show people use.It's the bestgo to the parts store and buy a mother ball it is for shying up chromeuse a bounty paper towel
most of the time its in the middle on ribbed boats (helm)he isn't always nitro and many other boat manufactures make center councel driveshay not all helms are on the starboard side, have center consoles and also port helms:)For docking purposes.  The river system operates on the same left/right division as the highway system.  By having the captin positioned starboard when docking he can both see how close he is and help to catch his boatI'm afraid you're wrong on both counts.... . The helm position can be on either side on a power boat...  and frequently in the middle, to ensure good visibility and balance, in a small boat.. . ..and the driver of a car is not always on the left.  In fact, I seem to recall there are actually more right-hand-drive cars in the world than left...I learned this one in the Coast Guard. In order to pilot (or captain) a boat from the right side. It is essential that one begins this task on the starboard side of the boat.In the older days before outdrives, twin counter-rotating props and stuuf, smaller boats had a straight shaft down the middle.  The seat was on the right to put more weight (driver) on the starboard side to compensate for the torque from the turning of the propeller.Most propellors rotate counterclockwise. To balance  the effect of the spin it is important to assure that someone is sitting on the starboard side. It does not matter on a sailboat where the wheel is generally in the middle.. . Autos depend on where you are. Its said that the British and Americans got together to dicide where the steering wheel would be. The Brits were outside the car and said left, while looking at the front of the car. The Americans were in the car and said left.
no no no. heres what I do and I do ALOT.  spray the cleaner on and wait a few minutes and spay it again.  run the facet water no hotter than you can stand to wash your hands in. then from the engine side run the faucet water through the filter with a large but gentle stream as to not blow out the cotton. when the brown oil stops coming out its clean then wash that slimy crap off your hands. since i'm a commission mech. I dont have time for trickle dry so i use the blow gun, from the engine side out, hold it about a foot and a half away and spray it out sweeping side to side, dont hold the blow gun wide open, use a moderate stream of air( as to not blow out the cotton) to take the last bit of dampness out i will put it out in the sun for about 20 min.WHAT do you want to leave in warm water?   And for WHAT PURPOSE??if you are servicing it,spray with soap solution provided,let sit several minutes and then run water thru filter till it turns white,let dry 24 hrs,do not air blow dry,reoil and reinstall.if its not really dirty you can just reoil every now and then. you can keep your old filter and install it until the k&n dries
because the word "elevator" refers to the word "elevation" implying that it is simply relocating you to an alternate elevation. its kinda like the whole acceleration can be speeding up or slowing down thing...You can call it an un-elevator if you choose.  I will.Beacuse "human downward motion box transport" was too long of a name...What goes up must come down. Mr. Otis may have been shortsighted when he named his invention, but it has persisted pretty much unchanged since.Does it realy matter?.... . You can also call it Delevator...
Check out the website, has listing of how to read and what they mean.. . Good luck!Try Auto Zone (free), dealer or a local reliable auto repair garage.
you can not adjust a clutch on a civic they're hydraulic. Try bleeding it and check the fluid level. If that doesn't work it maybe time for a new clutch.I had a civic HB and near the end of the cable you will see a round plastic ,,something like a wing nut.. . Turn this the way you need to adjust.. turning it to the right loosens the clutch if I remember right. and just the opposite to tighten the clutch
does he properly know how to perform daily preventative maintenance on the machine, ie; grease all the vital areas.  any problems with prior employers.  member of an operators union. years of experience.If he is straight from school, call the school to verify abilities. If he had a job working a dozer elsewhere, call them. If this person claims to be able to operate a dozer, then they learned somewhere!Ok after 25 years on iron guess i have a little to say on subject. worked oil patch and mountain also dump cells and  Calgary including roads, developments and also highways....so be it....kmp     answer is do not hit third stay second and keep load on slope.... you email me any probs... have answer...kmp
well u could find a empty fire extinguish take the hoes of leave the meter on and paint the tank blue and go buy a nos decal and place it right on the center .buy an empty nos tankyea they make a bass tube like that jcwhitney has ityea,   strap a jet engine onto your trunkget a fire extinguisher and paint it blue remove the handle,. go have NOS stickers madeget a 2 liter pepsi plastic bottle and painted w/silver spay and you git a little nos tank... take the label out first
take off the radiator cap (when cool) and pour some in. also by the radiator cap there should be a tube running to an overflow  in which you can add some toyou can not miss it but if you cant find it just go to your local parts store and they will point it out to you. just ask for the managerIt has a sealed radiator so you need to add it to the overflow tank.  Which is pressured so take the same care as opening the radiator.from auto zone should tell you all you need to know and more. . check fig 4 and 5 just click on them to enlarge nice huh
try using rubbing alcohol. also try a paint restoring rubbing compound. I use a silicone spray on mine after i clean it up. this makes it shine and easy to clean up next time. It also prevents rust and corrosion on engine parts. Just dont spray the seat. Makes it hard to stay on.Straight ammonia, rinse with water. That is also what you use to strip wax from floors. It is cheap alsoIf you go to your local auto parts store, check out the cleaning supplies. You should be able to find a red bottle of Mother's Back to Black. This product will remove the wax residue from plastic.Try freezing it with ice cubes and it should just break away, then buff with polish.use a hairdrier to melt the wax and not the plastic.hot water and soap the hot water should melt the waxtry saddle soap it takes shoe polish off shoes
Those are one of the top models Audiobahn puts out, I've heard the Ultra Excursion woofers and those are great, but the immortals are even better. I personally don't care for Audiobahn, but if my favorite brand made a copy of those exact subs and released them I'd more than likely pick them up.Ive never heard them but they are included in my near future system, my friend has an Eternal, which is a step down and it pounds, doesnt distort at all even turned up, has it hooked up to a 2400watt max amp. I would suggest them, however I have a high excursion sub (audiobahn) which on the audiobahn website is one below the flame compression sub AWT126T <which I used to have. My high excursion hits just about as hard pushed through the same amp, but the settings are different.Never, ever, buy a subwoofer that you haven't heard for yourself.  What sounds awesome to me, may very well sound like crap to you, and vice versa.  If you're planning on ordering subs online, make sure that the site has a good return policy, although, it's really better not to order subs online, unless you've personally already heard that exact model.
whoever held the lien on you car,truck etc will send you it within 2 weeks give them a call also an tell them and ask themcall the lien holder (Bank?) ask for the paperwork....they will ask U for the account number..then they look in the Computer so see if there is a balance, and tell U yes, or no..
it may be that the computer is doing a check on the airbag system, although if it only does this occasionally, then take to dealer for service. this may indicate that there is a problem with the system. if not checked and repaired it may not deploy in an accident compromising your and your passenger's safety.Yes it could be the computer...or a automatic system check...if you are still worried ya as said take it to the dealer and they will use DAS and then can fix it with the click o a button
look dont try it yourself. go to a bazaar if u have one close to u. alot of them if not all have audio stored that will install them for like 20 bucks, the people who do these things know what they are doin unlike the common personThose cables (three of them) from the climate controls connect to levers one behind the glove box and two on the drivers side,you have to be very careful disconnecting these.An alternative is to purchase a radio from halfords or argos they offer free fitting with certain models ,argos even get the engineer to come to your home to fit it.Good luck.don't bother those Hyundai's ain't worth it.Rather than try to explain it through this forum, check the link below - enter your vehicle make / model / options and there should be instructions and possibly even pictures to walk you through it:. . http://www.crutchfield.com
Buy a manual, or pay someone that knows how.Remove the upper portion of plastic cowling around the fan (approx 6 bolts=four on top two on the joint that connects the top and bottom parts on the sides); loosten the belts on the pulleys and remove the belts...note or tag which one goes on which side; remove fan blade and keep the bolts somewhere safe. Remove radiator upper hour clamp at the pump and pull the hose off.  Remove water pump usually four bolts (who ever said they get rusty and break is full of it). Put new pump on by doing this all in reverse!Have fun, I hope you have some experience & Patience. . . Disconnect battery ground cable and drain cooling system. . . Remove fan shroud or upper radiator support, as applicable, . then remove accessory drive belts. . . Remove fan and pulley from water pump hub. . . Remove upper and lower alternator brackets. On Camaro, remove AIR brace and bracket. . . If equipped with power steering, remove power steering lower bracket from water pump and position aside..  . Remove radiator lower hose and heater hose from water pump..  . Remove water pump attaching bolts and pump, noting position of bolts for assembly. . . Reverse procedure to install.Try the trailer park. I saw some loser under the hood of the very same car just last week.Believe me if you have never changed a water pump on a Z you better get a book or have someone who has to help you out! it is not easy and it has to be done in a certain manner or you can ruin your engine.Remove the fan blade,drain the radiator,remove the fan belt .diconnect the radiator hose from water pump ,remove bolts holding pump to engine block.scrape away old gasket and then use a gasket sealant on new water pump gasket and installin reverse orderif you do not have experience with this. get someone else to do it. the bolts corrode and break off in the block. then you get to drill and tap them out. it sucks. but you can ask the parts store where you got the pump they are helpful. auto zone is great. or go to the library and get one of those chilton manualsJust get some tools...and get busy. Sheesh...water pumps are first grade stuff. Just start taking accessories off till you find the pump...change it and put the accessories back on. It ain't rocket science people..it's just a damn water pump!
E-85 you meanYour gas mileage will get a little worse.  There is not as much energy in a given quantity of ethonal compared to gasoline.  But not much.  Its cleaner and made domestically so you should use it.Won't change it at all
Why do people not want to be responsible for what they do? You did it, now pay for it!!! The lawyer bit, I'M NOT SORRY, that's what's wrong with this country! There almost always seems to be a way out of something stupid you did. People need to pay attention to what they do (especially when other people can be affected).Sorry Dude, you should have stopped. A lot of states now have camera systems on the buses to video any vehicle that doesn't stop when the stop sign comes out, they can get your tag number from it and send you a surprise in the mail.Sounds to me like you should plead ignorance.  If I were the judge I could easily believe you.Sorry man. But good luck getting through the judges.I think you should be paying more.. . If it was my kid that hopped out of the bus and got run over by you, for not stopping, you would hoe that they would be paying more.Go to court dressed very nice. Be respectful to the Judge. You can even present some pictures if you think your view was obstructed by a tree or a parked vehicle. Anything that shows you put some effort into making a case for yourself may effect the Judge's decision on reducing your fine. I've had one ticket dismissed and one cut in half.Sit out the fine in jail.  It won't take the offense off of your record ,With a fine that high, you'd do well to hire an attorney.  You might have to pay him or her a couple hundred bucks, but there's a good chance that they could plead it down to a lesser charge.  Your total outlay could be quite a bit less.2 words ticket clinic..... find a traffice ticket center who has a good reputaion and let them take care of the rest
I hope you dont intend ever using this car on the road. If you dont know how to do it in the first place dont mess with. If it isnt going to be used on the road....knock youself out man!the easiest way is to run all of the wires in the side panels , if u are wireing for car audio i can help just send me a email
It can be a pain due to the AC line running across the firewall. Sometimes it is easier to take the whole air cleaner box off the throttle body,hose clamp  and 2 10 mm bolts plus 2 vent hoses.jbpopem is right ,you can snake it out,but may be difficult going in if not careful.Also after you change and drive,if your hear a weird throaty sound you didnt get the bottom of the housing on right. Good luckYou have to remove the bolt on the drivers side of the airbox housing (10mm).  Then unsnap the three clips around the airbox and push the rear peice from the top back towards the firewall then pull up.  It pops in on the bottom.  Ive found you can get the air filter element out without removing the whole back half but its just easier.  The rest of the intake ducting pops off.
You have to call the bank he has the loan through and get a pay off quote.  Ask them for a 10 or a 15 day payoff.  Then you send them a check in that amount, when they receive your check and it clears they will send you the lien release and/or title depending on what state you are in.You need to go to the DMV and transfer the title.  If he doesn't have the title do what the first person said
There are basically two designs of bulbs used for that purpose on most cars.  One variety has a round base and the other sort of a flat tongue sticking down with the two contacts for the bulb on the outside.. . The round base variety you push in on and then turn and then it can be pulled out.  The flat tongue variety you simply pull straight out.Depends on your car. Some cars you push in the bulb and turn for it to pop out. Latte cars have a push in bulb that pulls straight out. If your not sure check with local parts store most will help you for free.Happened to me once, best way to remove it is with a potato.. . Grab a potato cut it in half and press it against the broke bulb, it will embed itself with the bulb then twist.. . Make sure you have the power off lol..use a cut potatoe agree with the person who posted b4 me.turn off the power, cut a potatoe in half, use potatoe to remove broken light bulbTurn the light off. If all the glass has not been removed from the metal end of the bulb, get it away carefully. Try putting your middle and index fingers in a bit of dry cloth and pressing it firmly against the inside of that section of the bulb still screwed in the area. Move your fingers around in the direction you would normally go were you removing an unbroken bulb. If it doesn't come out, perhaps you could try getting a technician to assist you.. . Good luck :).
nothing other then tun your "check engine" ligt to on about every 3-4 months so you have to take your car in to fix it. Its a worthles. device car makers put in car so they can keep making money on your car at the tune of about $170.00it burns the raw gas before it goes out the exaust.Senses oxygen, What else would it do ?erik is correct and brain damaged or whatever your name is,is wrong. an o2 sensor detects the amount of oxygen in the exhaust gases of a motor vehicle. it uses this info to regulate the air/fuel ratio, among other things, and is an important part of an electronically controlled vehicle.I think it measures how much oxygen you are getting or going through you gas tank.  I'm not totally sure, I just know mine went out and I had bad gas mileage.detects oxygena part that often goes bad, so that you have another spend money on a new oneoxygen sensor is like the nose of the car. It detects if it is running rich or lean. Therefore if it is running rich, the sensor tells the computer it is rich and the computer then leans out the air fuel mixture and vise versa. The O2 sensor also helps unburned gas in the catalytic converter to burn clean out of the exhaust. Most cars have a total of 4 O2 sensors and are expensive to replace.it keeps your car from spitting and sputtering and slowing down alot it really needs itOxygen sensors analyze the exhaust from your engine to see how much gas/oxygen is being "exhausted" after combustion.  As a result of it's findings the computer in your car can change the fuel/air mixture in the chamber. Theoretically improving the performance of your car.
Just peel the paper off the back and press it on your license plate in one of the four corners. Don't try to put on if the license plate is wet as the adhesive will just come off.Depending on state/local laws, you might have to put it on one specific corner. (MN requires lower right)If it has a sticker from last year, place it so it covers the old one. Brush off any dirt first.
I'm sure if u ask the people at general motors they will say its the ultimate 4 wheel drive off road vehicle. however i believe by viewing their ( GM's) ads that its just about status and intimidation of other drivers on the road.as for why there are alot of them in Chicago, that may have to do with the numbers of people that can afford them and are in the demographics range that are buying them, u may have a larger amount of ppl in that range.good huntin trucks. Urban or suburban.People who own Humvee's are saying to everyone "Look at me! Mines bigger then yours!"I have one, I use it daily. I tow with it. I pull with it. I ride in it. Yea, it's big, DUH that's why I got it. Yea it eats gas, so what, I pay for it. and in traffic others stay away!. I go camping with itI don't get it either!  i've always thought it was compensating for, uh SHORT comings, if you get my drift!Compensation for their small pee pee.Look at the drivers, in most cases a normal vehicle could not carry them. The others have to carry their huge egos as well, I'm surprised they don't buy a Bus
to appease the chavs that believ its a status symbols 2 steal them - they appealing 2 all markets!!so that if the car  was in collision with a predestrian they would breakaway rather than staying attached and becoming embedded in the person and ripping them apartthey weren't made to steal its just over hear we have move thievesTo make them easier to steal???. . I don't know.  Seems like a crappy idea to me.
I suggest washing it at least every two weeks, and wax it twice a year. The brand of wax is a matter of prefference. I just use good old fashioned Turtle wax.rap music and peanut butterwax the car regularly, and i suggest wax it everytime you wash your car so that the wax will coat the surfce and all the dirt will now be on top of the wax you just have put (dirt wont be sticking to the car surface directly)  also its easier to wash it off since you already have layer of wax.. well but if you wash it often then you might have problemunlike me i wash it probably once a month hehehe!!Use rocks and sandpaper to scrub the dirt off. It works great!park it in shade and drive carefully...Wash in the shade--use a well worn terry cloth towel or a clean SOFT sponge. Soap will remove wax so use a pail of clean clear water and start from the top and work down. Use a lot of water. Water will magnify the sun and when it dries, there will be spots. Wash in the shade. Dry with more SOFT towels. Wax a section at a time--eventually you will finish. Do a fender today and a fender tomorrow---on and on. You will tire quickly trying to do it all in one day.Wax is wax---clever advertising leads us to believe otherwise. Just buy a wax and apply it in a circular motion--let it haze and wipe it off. Do it in the early morning--the atmosphere will keep it cool and easy to buff off. If the hot sun dries it, you'll be numb from rubbing---just do a section at a time. Dish detergent that you wash dishes with claims to remove oils and grease---wax is oily and greasy so never use any soap or your wax will wash off.best way is to wash with soft cloths and hand dry. after that wax it. the wax puts a coating on the paint to help protect it.This a copy of an answer I posted earlier to the same question.. . . There are a lot of good waxes out there, (Meguiar's and Mother's are personal favs). If you are really serious about taking care of your finish, use a cleaner wax. Cleaner waxes incorporate three different processes into one application - cleaning, polishing, and waxing. Cleaning removes minor surface imperfections and crud from your clearcoat. Polishing replaces oils in the paint to maintain deep color and luster, and waxing provides a protective coating for the paint. You can buy all three products separately, but doing all that is like waxing your car three times in a row. Cleaner waxes accomplish this with a single application. Just wash your car every couple of weeks -rinse it down to remove dirt and debris, then wash it (using a car shampoo, NEVER something like dishsoap - it strips the oils out of your paint), apply some cleaner wax, buff, and enjoy a nice, long-lasting finish. Do this even in the winter, as long as weather permits, as road salt and sand can really do a number on the body. If you want, you can use a spray-and-wipe detailing spray as a quick fix between washes. Don't believe any of those "lasts a whole year" waxes, it's a bunch of hooey.keep it clean
In 1929, American Paul Galvin, the head of Galvin Manufacturing Corporation, invented the first car radio. The first car radios were not available from carmakers. Consumers had to purchase the radios separately. Galvin coined the name "Motorola" for the company's new products combining the idea of motion and radio.Someone prolly got bored while driving and thought that if they could just figure out how to get a radio or some kind of entertainment in a car it would be good. That is my best guess.because people wanted them.i'm guessing so that the passengers wouldn't be so bored.  and maybe to keep people awake while driving.why not? its like bread and butterTo entetain the occupants as they journey on their way and to inform drivers of what is going on around themno entertaint you while driving u can listen to smth while u drive long distancesBecause they were invented and became popular.. . Actually, there was some controversy about allowing them to be put in cars due to the distraction. Much like the current cell phone in cars controversy.so you can light your cigarrettes............
Check the VIN in the windshield.  Call an insurance company with it, and they can tell you.Engines are supposed to have a VIN (Vehicle ID Number) stamped on the engine block somewhere.  The respective car which it came in SHOULD have the same VIN stamped somwehere on the body of the car (different for every make/model).  When they match, you've found the engine's mate.The engine should have a number on it.  You can call a place like Auto Zone or Checker Auto Parts, and they should help.  They are very good about things like that--and best of all, they don't charge.  Good luck.  :)its in the vin number, certain numbers and letters indicate the manufacturer and motor size.f you can find the engine or block number (easy enough to find on a chevy) you can get some information as to what model and year it was used.. . Do keep in mind that some engines were used over several years, and in a variety of makes and models.  The Ford Taurus and the Mercury Sable are essentially the same vehicle with some minor trim differences.Usually there are numbers located on the engine and if you have the decode book you can tell all that information.
crv has more room.  we bought the crv cause it felt better to drive.  as long as you dont' buy a ford escape you'll be fine.One's a Toyota & the other is a Hondaone id junkier that the otherthe name itself
Possibly the STARTER?  Have it looked at.  Starters aren't that much from what I remember.Priority Action Part Type Cause . 1 Inspect  BATTERY  Damaged or faulty battery and/or connections.  .  . 2 Inspect  COIL - IGNITION  Damaged or faulty ignition coil or ignition coil circuit.  .  . 3 Inspect  FUEL FILTER  Clogged or dirty fuel filter  .  . 4 Inspect  FUEL INJECTOR PRESSURE REGULATOR  Faulty fuel injector pressure regulator or circuit.  .  . 5 Inspect  FUEL PUMP  Improperly functioning fuel pump or circuits.  .  . 6 Inspect  WIRESET  Damaged, worn, or deteriorating spark plug or coil wire(s).  .  . 7 Inspect  CONTROL MODULE-IGNITION  Faulty ignition control module or circuit.  .  . 8 Inspect  SOLENOID SWITCH  Damaged or faulty solenoid switch or solenoid switch circuit.  .  . 9 Inspect  STARTER  Damaged, worn, defective, or faulty starter or starter related circuit.  .  . 10 Inspect  NEUTRAL SAFETY SWITCH  Damaged or faulty neutral safety swittch or circuit.  .  . 11 Inspect  FUSE  Corroded, burned, or shorted fuse may be interupting power source.  .  . 12 Inspect  FUSIBLE LINK  Corroded, burned, or shorted fusible link may be interupting power source.  .  . 13 Inspect  BATTERY CABLE  Corroded, broken or poorly connected battery cable.  .  . 15 Inspect  DISTRIBUTOR CAP  Loose or cracked distributor cap  .  . 16 Inspect  DISTRIBUTOR CAP AND ROTOR KIT  Loose, cracked, or worn distributor cap and ignition rotor.  .  . 17 Inspect  FUEL SYSTEM PRESSURE  Incorrect fuel pressure being delivered to carburetor or fuel injection system.  .  . 18 Inspect  FUEL INJECTOR  Plugged, dirty or poorly connected fuel injector.  .  . 19 Inspect  IGNITION SWITCH  Worn, damaged or faulty ignition switch or circuit.  .  . 20 Inspect  SPARK PLUG  Fouled, damaged or broken spark plug(s).  .  . 21 Inspect  BELT  Incorrectly routed, adjusted(tensioned), missing or worn drive belt(s).  .  . 22 Inspect  TIMING BELT  Slipped or broken timing belt.  .  . 23 Inspect  TIMING SET  Slipped timing chain or worn timing gear(s).  .  . 24 Inspect  FUEL TANK  Contaminated fuel from rusted or deteriorated fuel tank.  .  . 25 Inspect  TIMING SPECIFICATION  Incorrectly adjusted engine timing.because you haven't attempted to turn it on perhaps?Turn the keycheck the distributer, or cam sensor what ever it has, that could be the problem, might be the computerPontiac is a verry good car to have.  But no one can answer this question becuse we have to see the car.  Bring it in to be fix sorry but that's the best answer I can give you.Control module , this part is located inside of the distributor and can be replaced without removing the dist. The only other componant would be the pickup coil which can only be replaced by removing and tearing down the dist. The pickup coil can be tested with an ohm meter without removal.. My bet is the control module though , they are replaced 10 to 1 to the pickup coil and the secondary coil.it could possibly be a cranckshaft or camshaft sensor.  also more rarely a computer problem. Its hard to diagnose cars over the internet but those are some options to explore. Knowing the engine could help for common problems, otherwise take it to a competent mechanic and he will fix it for a fee.It could also be the alternator.
I've seen many vehicles here in the central valley that need washes. My neighbor for ie. has a Lexus ES 350. he must have it washed once every 3 weeks. I've never seen him do it. One day I had been outside watering as he came home. I asked him directly how come he takes so long in between washes and his response was it is a leased car and will turn it in as soon as he is bored and get a new one. To each his own.sing tha praise for the auto gods . my belief is if you take care of the vehicle , the vehicle will take care of you, and if you have the money to buy a lexus, a jaguar, mercededs or even a bmw, or even a ford pinto take care of it and it will take care of you.I couldn't agree more. It galls me to see a 50k car with "Wash Me" emblazoned in the dust on the vehicle. And I see it alot. I live in Vegas and alot of cash is in people's pockets here and they won't get a car wash. We do. We go once a week and get the whole thing cleaned. I refuse to ride around in a dumpy looking car like the last white trash. Hey everybody out there, when you come to Vegas you can laugh at all these rich jerkwater hillbillies with a Hummer (Hummers are very big here) that's covered in soot and some prankster has "Wash Me" written on it. It's a laugh riot to me. I could see it if it's Hillbilly Junction and people have no teeth, but this is supposed to be a classy city. It's not. If people think it is and they live here, then I know they have a crack pipe on them.Unfortunately, people consider themselves "above" washing their own cars, call it arrogance, call it self-importance, whatever, but I see it all the time in my area.  You can also tell that they never rotate their tires, since the rears are never dirty, as having been switched from the front.  You see this a lot in luxury vehicle owners.  "I have a Mercedes and I have so much much money, I don't even have to take care of it".. . The biggest reason, though, is that people think they don't have enough time to do things - we're addicted to our cell phones, video games, forums like this and those relating to hobbies or cars, and work 40 hours a week, but still complain that they don't have enough time.  Pretty ridiculous, considering there are many people out there that work full-time, take care of their families, do 10-20 hours of volunteer work a week, and still have time to take care of their vehicles.. . My answers don't make the problem go away, but hopefully make it all make sense.  By the way, I'm in that last group, and my OZs and Rotas are always clean, unless it's raining.Hello, I have a theory. Maybe those particular car owners are simply so busy paying for those cars that they don't have time to take care of them. Or, we could just blame the government and say what I've been thinking for a long time. The U.S. government should require a national auto test annually, just like in other countries. I've done some traveling, and I've noticed that you don't really see a lot of crap cars in places like Ireland and China. So, basically what I am saying is that people are too busy, and our governments crap. :)
Another of those things that come under federal law that no one thought about all of its possible uses.  Does seem rather stupid doesn't it.  I am sure it will only be a blind person that will be able to find the exit.  Nice for you sighted to know this I think.AMERICANS WITH DISABILITYSo blind passengers won't confuse it with the bathroom, obviously.If I could give you points for best question ever asked, I would!. . If someone is blind and there is an "escape to the emergency exits situation", that person would be totally screwed.  There's not going to be an opportunity to carefully search each set of seats for the ones that has braile "exit" signs.  They're going to depend on the kindness of strangers, and we know how well that goes...Most everything like that is required to be written in braille because of Accessibility laws for disabled people. Thats also why there is braille on the keypad on the drive-through on banks.same reason why people are smiling when the plane's on fire and/or in the waterSo the blind can find it. Also, in the event of a fire (smoke) or power loss - it can still be read. However, when I'm  on a plane, I've always been much too drunk to read anything (especially braille)It is written in braille so that a blind passenger will be given a chance to exit the aircraft in case of emergency.So that the blind can identify that the exit doors are located at a specific spot. Remember that braille is the format in which the visual-impaired can comprehend.. . The braille system, devised in 1821 by Louis Braille, is a method that is widely used by blind people to read and write. Each braille character or "cell" is made up of six dot positions, arranged in a rectangle containing two columns of three dots each. A dot may be raised at any of the six positions to form sixty-four combinations, counting the space in which no dots are raised. For reference purposes, a particular combination may be described by naming the positions where dots are raised, the positions being universally numbered 1 through 3 from top to bottom on the left, and 4 through 6 from top to bottom on the right. For example, dots 1-3-4 would describe a cell with three dots raised, at the top and bottom in the left column and on top of the right column (ie the letter 'm').. . The braille system was based on a method of communication originally developed by Charles Barbier in response to Napoleon's demand for a code that soldiers could use to communicate silently and without light at night called night writing. Barbier's system was too complex for soldiers to learn, and was rejected by the military; in 1821 he visited the National Institute for the Blind in Paris, France, where he met Louis Braille. Louis identified the major failing of the code, which was that the human finger could not encompass the whole symbol without moving, and so could not move rapidly from one symbol to another. His modification was to use a 6 dot cell — the braille system — which revolutionized written communication for the blind.. . So in conclusion, the blind, who are not limited from air travel, needs the braille to be inline with the safety procedures and evacuation measures.O.K. folks, now for the real answer.. . Since everyone appears more upset about the ATM I will address it first.. . These machines are made in bulk, the same front is used on drive up as walk up.   There is no reason to manufacture two different machine fronts, since the braille does not affect the sighted person use of the machine.  YES,  blind and visually impaired people do use ATMs.. . As for those other strange places you find braille, like on the airplane. First of all, a person who is blind isn't allowed to sit in the emergency row, however think about it... if a plane crashed, was on fire, how many of you would hang around to help a disabled person off the plane? Now be truthful with your self.. . As to knowing where to look, there is a rhyme and reason to the location of the braille, any one who uses it in their life will have a very good idea where to look.. . As for some of the other strange places... some are nothing but CYA (cover your a--) for the ADA (American Disabilities Act), some are nothing more than situations like the ATM, it's easier do just do one type for all people.. . For what its worth... If you are ever in a plane crash after dark, I would suggest following the blind guy, at least he knows where he's going.It's simply to give a blind person a chance to exit. They wouldn't have to be actually sitting in the seat by the exit for the braille to be useful to them. Something you might find even more perplexing is, why do they put braille on drive-thru automatic teller machines? They do, I've seen it often.it gets worse - I've seen Braille signs in airports for the Pilot's Lounge!!!maybe it is so blind people know it is an exit seat and don't sit thereWhat I have never been able to figure out is where a blind person would know where to grope in the dark to even find the braille bumps.  How would a blind person even know where they were??. . And more than that, why is there braille on DRIVE-UP ATM machines?  So blind drivers can make transactions?  But how do they see the screen??/ How do they see to drive?? I just don't get the logic of ANY of it.Maybe a blind person would have to find the exit in the dark after a crash.
some that do it when you take a test drive have been known to do an illegal credit check using the info from your license that way they have more leverage when setting payments and negotiating a priceThey use it as a ploy to keep you at the dealership, They ask for a copy and then they try to hold your license so you don't just get up and leave. Same ploy if you want to trade in your car, they keep the keys so you don't just leave.Not only for insurance reasons..but to make sure you have a valid drivers licence to drive.  Also that you are giving them correct information.They stealing your identity so if they wreck the company car they can say you were test driving the vehicle. . But, above about the insurance may be more correct.To make sure you have a valid drivers license.  They also have a copy of your ID in case you were inclined to steal the car when you are out on a test drive (salespeople have been forced out of cars at gun point on sales drives).. . It is a legit request, remember you are driving an expensive piece of their property.They do it for insurance purposes. Just in case you were to get into an accident they would have your info.just think what would happen if they didn't. say u don't have a drivers license and u get in a wreck with the dealerships new car, they (the dealership can't get reimbursed for the car)It stops people with no license from test driving cars.
Yes you have to turn wheels, but i wouldnt do it while running engine, fluid will shoot everywhere, and bad for pumpYear, make and model would help here.. .  If you have a rack and pinion unit, yes remove the return line at the pump (usually the hose with a clamp on it) than turn the wheel back and fourth lock to lock a few times and this will purge most of the fluid out. If you have a gear box type than it will not work this way..   Both systems could be flushed in this manor, Remove return line and cap the nipple on the reservoir, put return line over or in a container to catch waste fluid, pour proper type of fluid into reservoir as vehicle is running while another person turns wheel slowly back and fourth this will effectively flush clean the system ( 1 or 2 quarts should do).yes, and when you refill it start the engine and turn the wheel to bleed the air out of the systemyes although you now have air in the lines.. . while car is on jack stands and new hose is on fill up resivor while turing the wheel completely to the left then to the right . repeat until the squeeling noise stops.
for the same reason you want to wine about what you are "wanting"...people are weird!!!. if you want to join then join....if you don't then don't. tomarrow you can ask " why were you givin life"cos that gives them access to all standards in the field. thats true for all mechies. . you goota have them if u wanna design. plus that way they contribute their own knowledge to that body hence helping it expandTo stay abreast of new developments and to learn about new techniques and discoveries.
Punch dog.  Man's best friend, HA.  Sh it on dog, that will show him.They now have febrese for your laundry.  You put it in the was with the detergent.  You can find it at the grocery store.  Good Luck!Take a good shower.Fabreeze my friend, spray upon spray of fabreezeI would air things out and clean it as thoroughly as possible and then spray with a digestive enzyme that will eat the aroma, not just hide it.Maybe you could use Shout and if it leaves a stain you might want to use some bleach.well, you could just change your clothing, dump the crap off of the stained ones outside, take a shower, and wash your clothing it crapped onWipe and off and use Tide-to-Goi seen this one some website i believe it says to use toothpaste. i think the plain white paste type.use any room freshner...!On your clohtse? Spray it with air freshner until you get home, then when you clean the clothse, squirt some SHOUT on it.put cloths pin on your nose
what you decribe sounds like you have a problem with the anti lock brake system.  a problem here will cause the parking brake light to come on, but not as bright as if the park brake was set.  you need to take this to a reputable repair shop and have it diagnosed via the computer port.There is no such thing as an ebrake.. . There is no such thing as an emergency brake.. . Check the switch attached to the parking brake.. . It is actually called a parking brake.. . It is actually only designed to hold your car that is already in a stopped position, not for emergency stopping.. . Another fact people often call that thing at the top of their seat the head rest, it is not a head rest, that implies it is a place for comfort or to take a nap. That is a head restraint that is a safety device to prevent your head from being snapped of in a rear impact collision!. . Two of my pet peeves.be careful, I had that happen that disregarded it thinking it was false light.  My master cylinder went out, no brakes period.  Have the car checked out.  One thing if you have to have it replaced it is a lifetime warranty on master cylinder.  Good luck.There is a switch on the pedal shaft that has probably worked loose. Tighten it. Check your Chilton's manual for exact location and proper setting.check your regular brake fluid. it has a level sensor and if it is low, it will set off the light. the light isn't just for your e-brake.check ur break fluid, wen u get to 40mph in a car, it becomes harder to stop, so if ur fluid is low ur car will b warnin u.could be a bad sensor on your car .The switch that is attached to the Emergency Brake Pedal is probably stuck or the wire has grounded out somewhere. Or your cables have frozen and the emergency brake is still activated. Make sure your cables aren't frozen. Try to pull the pedal all the way up first. Then get under the dash and look for a wire attached to a small switch on the E-Brake pedal assembly. Check and make sure the switch is open. Check the wire going to it for any signs of the insulation being rubbed off and the wire being grounded. If it's not that then as a few people have stated, check your brake fluid level in the master cylinder.
Sounds like the transmission to me.sounds like the master/slave clutch cylinder broke, could also be a clutch line that broke. new cylinder around $60 - $100, new lines $50 - $75,  labor ???It's the clutch cable, not the clutch that broke. Most likely at the pedal. serves you right for racing around slamming on the clutch! this is the real world not the fast and furious!maybe clutch linkage. if not could be as high as $1200.You answer your own question....The clutch is gone....So u need to take it to a clutch shop and get it replaced...And the cost around 200/300 dollars..it could be the pressureplate or the the linkage just broke...That happened to me once, 30 years ago or so, and luckily my husband's cousin fixed it for us for around $89.00 I think.  It was the clutch.  Not sure what it would cost today, but if you have a friend or relative who can put it in for you then you can just buy the part and pay him/her something for labor and it might be cheaper. Good Luck.Blew your pressure plate or your . clutch slave cyl. just blew the sealYour clutch is toast.  I think ~ $200 for a place to repair it.  If you know somebody, I bet the clutch itself is under $50, but that's a guess.Sounds like you broke a clutch cable.most likely the clutch cable (essentially a set of springs)  A good mechanich ought to be able to replace just the cable without it being too expensiveim not sure about clutches but i know 1 thing to get it fixed is like 300-400 dollars and the labor is about the same
open the trunk, take off the thumb screws on the right hand side(about 4 of them) take the panel from the rear of the car, there is the bulb, the socket should come out with about a 1/4 turn. Take out the old bulb and put the new one in.pop ur trunck and alone the back is carpet push carpet down should be four wingnuts there undo those and pull out whole lens then change it.   hey those wingnuts might be sticking though the carpet u might not have to push the carpet down . i hope i have helped u...My friend could not figure out hers so she asked me to do it. So I suggest to ask a friend :)
Depends. You could get a SBA loan if it's small. If you are a minority or a woman, it's almost a shoe-in. But you need to go the bank with a business proposal. The loan officer will want to see what your game plan is.If your talking about NON-Geared Bike in SOUTH INDIA, i can help. Its only for bike which runs on Battery Power NOT petrol
It depends on what's available and on how long the road is expected to last for the anticipated volume of traffic. Concrete is more expensive than asphalt, but it lasts longer.Depends on what the ground condition is in that location.. . Who is building the road as in who owns it.. . Most federal roads are concrete along with state roads.  Most have been black topped over thought.. . Straight black top roads are city, county, suburb roads.. . A tar and gravel road is normally rual areas and the tar is put there strictly to hold the gravel in place to keep the expense down for future gravel runs.
It looks lower.  The human mind is trained to see 2.63 9/10 and think its much lower than 2.64 .  Weird, huh?Because people are stupid. When gas was $0.25/gallon, price wars occured. During these price wars, one store could post a sign saying 24 9/10 and increase sales. People saw the .24 and believe that it was much better than the .25.. . The real difference was nominal. But the practice has held.It creates the illusion you're getting a deal. This is also why prices end in 99 cents.It's a marketing gimmick.It has nothing to do with sales taxes, not all cities have their own sales tax. It is strictly to make it look cheaper, nothing else.actually i think it has to do with the sales tax, and the fact that the sale of fuel is DOT regulated. ever notice that fuel prices outside of city limits are usually a little lower. no city sales tax.It used to be that back in the day the taxes on fuel added up to 9/10 of a cent per gallon. Thus you were paying the full cents to the vendor and the 9/10 to the government.
it works by compression and expansion of gas. . As the refrigerant is compressed, it heats up.. As it is decompressed , it cools down. Fans blow the cool air at you. . That is it, in a nutshell.. . Why do you ask?Check the link below / all cooling systems (heat exchangers) are the same in operation / just the how's change.. . The link below is very detailed and even made my mom understand how it all works (why retype what has already been done).
it keeps cows in one area. if a cow tries to walk over it, it gets its hoof stuck.The cows are not suppose to be able to walk on the round pipes. But every once in a while you run across one who can.They are pipes that have spaces between them in the ground. A cow will not step down or try to cross anything that is not solid and they can see that the pipes are not on the ground and see the space below therefore won't cross them.. But I have seen horses actually walk the pipes to cross them so a horse can cross !!keeps cow's in a certain area
Pour a can of coca cola over it - it will remove most grime.  Pepsi doesn't do it.Dry wool and whatever glass cleaner you use. Sorry this is an edit its not Dry wool it is steal wool. Use some of that and something like Windex and it will take anything off of glass but don't use it on paint, and it wont scratch glass.try Windex or some window cleaners.The best thing to use to get any water spots off anything is plain white vinegar and a soft cloth. It works on any surface and is safe. It's an all-around cleaner as well as something you use in a lot of recipes. Go figure.wash the windows with windex but use newspaper instead of a towel or papertowel.  works really goodtry windex and newspaper, the paper acts as a mild abrasive, then rain ex it, that helps preventing spotsWash it normally, but rinse it with deionized water instead of tap water.  The impurities in tap water is what leaves the water spots.Try a mixture of rubbing alcohol and water.  It should evaporate quickly without leaving spots.. . You may also want to try washing your windshield with dishwashing liquid.  If it doesn't leave spots on your drinking glasses, it shouldn't leave spots on your windshield.
raise the vehicle and support remove the wheel cover , lug nuts,  tire, brake caliper and pads, spindle nut cover, cotter pin and the hub nut and remove the rotor.If you want too remove the spindle you need to seperate the upper and lower ball joints. I hope this helps2002 and later comes as an assembly bolted on from the back if I remember.. . 1991-2001 is just like any other old school set upwell... for starters you take the front hub assembly off
Generally your battery will go dead, and if you drive, all of the lights and such will be dim.  After a certain point your battery will go dead, and your car won't start.. If you can still drive it, take it to a parts shop, most of them will check it for free.. Good Luck!One, you could disconnect the battery while the car is running.. Two- take it to any autoparts place and they will test it for you.. . I prefer option 2.Use a volt ohm meter to measure the output  of the alt.  It has to be above 12.6.volts and range to14.2 or so volts.  A fully charged battery is over 12.6 volts and the alt needs more than that voltage to charge back up..  Good luck..start the car and leave it running, disconnect your battery cables. if the car dies the alternator is badIf its bad, you battery will eventually go flat. The simplest way to check is start the engine and if theres room, hold a screwdriver near the back bearing which is at the centre. If there is a magnetic pull to the screwdriver, then the alternator is working. Be carefull, please.Your battery will be flat in a few days.if it have a built in voltage regulator the voltage is not tell the alternator, charge it and check if the auto part store have a free charging system checkCheck it with a voltmeter while the engine is running. Should be around 14.5 volts(dc)it won't charge your battery. check resistance across the connection wires from the alternator to the battery and the alternator to the chassis, if resistance is less than 1 ohm then your alternator is probably shafted.an alternator is bad when the battery is not charging from it. if you have a voltage meter place the positive (red) pin on the wire that goes from you alternator to the battery. there is usually a wire diagram inside the hood that will help. the negative (black) pin needs to have a good ground somewhere. set the meter to measure volts. and turn on your engine. the meter will tell you how many volts are being sent from the alternator, it can also measure amps, and continuity. if you do not have access to a voltmeter you can go to and auto zone and they will help you in testing your alternator they have voltmeters and they also have a bench test machine that will test it. to use the machine you will have to remove the alternator thoughYou can run the leads from a volt meter to each battery terminal. Positive to positive and negative to negative.  The meter should read a bit over 12volts. If not, then you need to recharge the battery. Once you charge the battery for at least 2 hours then Start the car, the readings on the digital meter should read at least 14 volts. Check to see that the alternator belt is still on the alternator and that there are no cracks in it, otherwise replace the belt too. If you are under 14 volts, try rev ving the engine a little, if it does not change , than you have a defective alternator. If you have a Ford, you may have a voltage regulator that is defective. trace the positive wire from the battery as far back as possible. If it attaches to a small plastic tower with wire terminals on it, you found the regulator. You can go to auo zone to verify the alternator and the regulator from there. They will take your old defect as a core.. Good Luck
contact your local highway patrol office.  they are the ones who usually enforce Federal Motor Carrier regulations.sound like you are getting your US DOT number? you can do this on line. FMCSA Online Registration & Licensing System. haer is the link and good luckhttp://www.fmcsa.dot.gov/registration-licensing/registration-licensing.htmWhat state are you in?
You'd have better chances winning the lottery.really unlikely. I mean even if you do it would only take a few hours. a few terrifying hours that is.
I don't know but why dont you ask Ben Roethlisberger.That depends on the state. I think it is stupid not to use either even without a law.Depends on where you are - here in California it is the law to wear a helmet.  Even for kids on bicycles.In California there is a helmet law, for motorcycles, and for children on bicycles.Here is Md we are like little california...we insist on doing whatever they do...and we have helmet laws for everything.uh stupidity?.  When you kill us, its usually from trauma to the body after you have turned left in front of  us.Political action by those who oppose mandatory helmet laws has created this particular irony.  By organizing thier lobbying efforts, mainly through an organization called ABATE, motorcyclists and others who oppose helmet laws were able to have those laws removed from the statutes.  If there were a strong enough anti-seatbelt lobby, I'm sure seat belt laws would be repealed as well.Or even more important, why isn't every school bus equipped with seat belts for kids? I get very upset hearing about kids getting killed every year due to fatal accidents involving school bus's. I can understand and accept wearing a seat belt while traveling at speeds greater than 55 mph, but find it ridiculous to be forced to wear them while putting around town at speeds of 25-45 mph.NO CLUE BUT I THINK THERE SHOULD BE A LAW FOR BOTH.Because lawmakers are stupid idiots.I don't think they should make you do anything. The seat belts and helmets are something you should decide. That way we would know the smart people and the not so smart ones.
See if you can sign up on the website.  Or perhaps they list alternate numbers.What Rune said. Dang. Beat me to it.In my town you have to call the jr. college.  Harley-Davidson dealers also offer a MSF approved basic course.In Northern Virginia, you can sign up at the Northern Viriginia Community College
Because alot of gas stations like 7-11 and Citgo's do a mimi-market analasys.  Usually a manager will often drive around to the nearest gas stations and report the prices to a corperate location which will respond with a daily price. I worked for the Pantry, Inc. which owns many gas stations in the South East and that is theor exact method of deteminating prices.Free Enterprize !The price of the gas that you pay is decided by the individual that owns the gas station.  He/she has already purchased the gas (a whole truckload of it) from the parent company at a set price.  How much he/she charges for it is a tradeoff between how much money they can make, vs. how high a price will cause people to not come there to fill up.It all depends on how much the station paid for a barrell of gas and then they need to turn around and make a profit so if they sold the gas below the price they made it would mean they are loosing profits, so they have to price it above so they inturn make a profit. Also if the store if privately owned they can set the price to be anything, and the price can be different on account of the sales of last month and if they did not meet their quota.Oil companies call it "pricing for the market."  Prices at any station will always be the highest oil companies think the market will bear.  This means that if one of your gas stations less than 2 miles apart is located at a busier intersection, for example, or near a glitzy shopping mall, expect the prices to be always higher there.oil companies aren't  always playing the game right. see the gas stations buy their gas at a set price, but that same gas they bought, a day ago they will raise the price up more, even tho they just bought it at this other price. they do it to make more profit on us, some gas stations do it some dont, so thats why you saw two gas stations with different prices.There are several reasons...but the 3 most likely are these:. . 1) One gas station is closer to a highway, high traffic shopping center, or some other facility that generates more traffic, and therefore, more customers.. . 2) Even though they are the same company, they may not be owned by the same individual. There might be 2 separate owners, or perhaps one is a franchise and one is company-owned.. . 3) One has been informed of a price increase/decrease, and the other hasn't yet, or just hasn't changed prices yet.. . I live in a medium sized city (4th largest in IL) and it's not uncommon to have as much as a 4-5 cent differential in various parts of town, and cheaper yet across the river where the taxes are slightly less.. . Hope this info helped.shipping cost and one might be independently ownIt's all about money.  I work at one, and all of our stations are different prices.depends on location - a station close to a freeway will often boost prices a few cents to take advantage of the convienence factor of being right on the freeway.. . in the end, it's basically they charge as much as they can.Economics...what the market will bear.gas prices differ most likely because the gas stations may be part of the same company but the gas staions have been franchised so the gas stations are owned by different people so there is always the distinct possibility that prices will not be the same. . there is also the possibility that they could get there gas in different amounts which would drive up or down the price and also the quality is dependant upon the price
If it's clicking then it's prob the starter because your getting power to the solenoid. Thats the clicking noise. That would be my guess.Sounds like the battery or battery cables not making good contact or could be the starter solenoidTry checking your battery. Would need more info to help you diagnose your problem as to what kind of car, do the lights dim or the horn sound like it is weak?first check all your cables and be sure they arent corroded and that they have good contact. but other that its prolly the selanoidbad starter or solenoidBattery could be dead. Just enough juice to try to move the solenoid makes a clickety clickety sound. If its almost totally dead it will just click. The strarter solenoid could be bad. If its stuck it will just click. Take your battery to the parts store and they can test it for you.Could be a starter motor. You just might have to lube it up, or in extreme case replace it. What car do you have? My VW is having a similar problem, it's definitely a starter motor that I have to look into, but it also sounds a bit like screeching not just clicking. Still my best guess = starter motor.Sounds like ur starter is gone
Well, that's nothing new. Here in Europe there are several cars running on special veggie oil - and you can buy Mercedes which are equipped for using such special oil on choice.. . Some plastic parts have to be checked or replaced because the veggie product seems to be more aggressive - and in strong winters the veggie product would quicker become solid than other fuel.. . The link leads to a German website supplying all information about the topic - sorry it's German but someone surely would answer an English e-mail or request.veggie oil is actually pretty expensive. i believe in terms of physics the process of making vegetable oil uses more energy than you get out of burning it (harvest, production etc), so it's not a very smart way to power things for the general pop. you could recycle used stuff but it's gross and has food stuff that would muck up your engine.
nothing - engine will run cleanerfor low percentages of ethenol, not much other than less gas milage (under 20%). . Above 20%, it destroys the rubbers if they were not made for ethanol use as well as cause the engine computer to be fooled and actually cause the check engine light to come on with multiple lean codes and sensor errorsethanol burns alot hotter. it will melt the o-rings and hoses that are not intended to get that hot. keep it under 10%
non-directional tire can be rotated among all four corners. directional tires are usually speed rated( commonly Z-rated), but can only be rotated between left or right side., so, naturally they dont last as long/A tire that can be installed pointing either direction. Some tires are designed with an inside and outside, which affects the flow of water around the tire. You don't want to install a directional tire backwards.Non-directional doesn't have to be facing any particular way.  Directional has to be put on a specific way.  ND are usually cheaper.  Directionals usually have better traction for bad weather.a non-directional tire is a tire with a tread pattern that can travel at higher speeds in either direction in which its put on a rim(wheel).....compared to a directional tire normally has a v-grooved tread pattern designed to hold the road better in higher speeds and wet road conditionsdirectional tires are made to turn in one direction only and are usually for high performance cars. They are suppose to give you better traction and handling.. Non-directional tires can go on either side of the car and are for regular driving, they do not cost as much as directional tires.
Check your heads, rocker arms, and all your seals in the upper part of your engine, sound like something is off track or knocked loose and is causing uncombusted gas to fly out of the chamber and through you air intake valves. Also make sure your timing is correct, if not it could be causeing the piston to rise and or fall destroy the proper vacuum effect and will then cause gas to pump out your air intake vavles and pump it all they way back out to your carbeurator. If this is the cause, you should also have noticed a decrease in performance, anywhere from slight to emmense, and th car will hesitate quite often, especailly if the timing is off, because it is unable to burn the gas properly, and can even flood the chambers, and cause your car to die while driving! Get it fixed immediatlycarb float adjustment is requirednew carburatortake out to a field and pump three shots from a shot gun in her and put it to restWhere's the fuel coming from? Is it going back out the top of the carburetor? If so, that means there's pressure from somewhere back-flushing(and ruining) your carburetor, and you need to dis-assemble all that and figure out what's going on. You might have a bad valve or something...check the timing, if it is off the intake valves my be open when it is trying to compress the air/fuel mixture, that would push it out, or maybe a broken intake valve
In the era of cool cars, Buick could think of nothing better than making their ships look like......shipsSo it will look ghettoThis is a styling cue that has become a tradition since the very early 50's or late 40's.there refered to as "port holes"  a styling cue from the 50's.  some claimed as engine compartment cooling,  others claimed they were just cool.Some cars have air vents on the side to look more sporty and to let more air vent away from the engine.  I've seen them on Buicks, and they give it a stylistic touch.TRADEMARKTo make it easier to tow.So the water can drain out
The low the fan speed the more the  compressor clutch  cycles. The less freon it has the more it cycles. If it is full of freon and you keep the a/c on max, blower on high, and it still cycles, the system is stopped up. On some cycle switches you can adjust the cycling, turn the screw inside the switch, one round counter clockwise. Also make sure your radiator fan is pulling air.was the system empty to begin with? if so did you vacuum the system with a suitable vacuum pump for at least thirty minuites before charging? and did it hold that vacuum for at least ten mins.?did you charge with the exact amont of freon? and have no pipes freezing(icing )over? then you probably have a bad cycling switch.Not so sure why you added a low pressure switch but all symptom's lead to not enough Freon in the system.  If you are sure it has enough Freon then you have another component of your A/C system that is bad sounds like its time to take to the professionals and not your local oil change place probably back to the dealer.replace the clutch recycling switch,will take care of the problemThe switch is cycling every 10 seconds because the system is low on freon. Best to evacuate and recharge the A/C and be sure to add dye so any leak in the system can be found
some auto part store do the code reading or rent one to read OBO1 & OBO 2 some tell you the problemChilton's Books should have a "Codes" section.  If you don't want to pay for the book, you can always Google the code and vehicle Make to find the info online.if you have the code number (p01132 or something like that) you  can buy a haynes book from local parts house that will have your vehicle codes listed in it
screws in back of steering wheel, the skin should come off, remove components underneath untill you get to bolt. now you need a steering wheel puller or something rigged up to be a steering whell puller.Steering wheel pullers are cheap and you can buy them at any auto parts store.  This is an easy mod to your car, no airbag. . Get them to tell you how to wrench it off.. Don't forget to get the front wheels straightened up BEFORE you pull it off,too.try replacing the whole car an '87 cavalier is a piece of crap with one of them new '90's models
If your 1995 Grand Am has a serpentine belt then you do not have to take off any mounts. All you need is a long 3/8 inch breaker bar to release the tension of the tensioner pulley and the belt will slip off. Just make sure that your route the new belt exactly as the old belt. Once you have made sure the belt is routed and seated properly, you can release the tensioner and it will tighten the belt. Run the engine to make sure all your accesories work and that the belt is tracking properlyturn off the engine, maybe wait till it cools. the belt goes to power steering, alternator, you need to loosen those nuts so you can get the old belt offyes you do but I wouldnt recommend doing it yourself it is a pain in the neck.  I would pay the money to have it done.  I did one on  a 96 and it was horrible about 3 hours and many swear words later i did get it but would never do it again.
How many miles are on the car?  You should still be under warranty! The AC should not be bad in a year!i think that last one was right you shouldn't need to recharge it yet.  Take it in to a dealer and tell them the  problem you may have a bad condenser or pump or even a leaking lineHow many miles on car? It may be covered by warranty
I would try Ebay in the car parts section. I've found allot of things things for my project car.Get out your phone book and call some local auto salvage (junk) yards or check out KMart, Walmart, Pep Boys, Auto Zone, etc.  for a new set you like the looks of.do u understand yorubaKeep your eye out on eBay.
P1128 - Bank 1 adaptive mixture too lean. Short and sweet, your not getting enough fuel to bank 1 or you are getting too much air(vacuum leak). Bank 1 is the bank that has #1 cylinder on it. If it is a 4cyl there is only 1 bankLooks like it could be a problem with the mass air flow meter.Look in the analyzer handbook or call a VW dealership.
also known as a tps.....throttle position sensor....pot stands for position of throttle. a dash pot is an eletronic actuator/solinoid that when energized it idles up the vehicle. on some cars when you turn on the ac the dash pot idles up the car ...................or............... you could listen to gay joe.The pot is short for potentiometer, this is a device that takes an input from the throttle, usually directly off the throttle valve itself and turns it into a an electronic signal which is delivered to the ECU so that it knows what position the throttle is in,. . It is also called a TPS, Throttle Position Sensor.It's a little chamber connected to the throttle cable that tells the computer how much mixture of air and fuel to send to the engine.  From there on, the information goes to the computer and then you're off!
it is for when the plane has to fart. (sorry, I couldn't help myself)on a 747 it is a vent for a small engine called the apu or Auxilliary Power UnitAPU exhaust.. . All modern jetliners are equipped with an APU, Auxiliary Power Unit, this is a small turbine engine used for ground operations to provide air for the air-conditioning system and to start the engines, it also provides electrical power to allow the aircraft to be energized prior to engine start, most APUs can also be used in flight and are a back-up in case of a generator failure.. . Not all aircraft have the APU exhaust in the tail (below the rudder), some, like the DC-9 are located on the aft right side (starboard) of the fuselage.The Boeing 727s have the APU in the main wheel well.. . APU exhaust on Embraer 145:. . http://www.airliners.net/open.file?id=0815611&WxsIERv=Rzoenre%20RZO-145YH%20%28REW-145YH%29&Wm=0&WdsYXMg=Yhknve&QtODMg=Yhkrzobhet%20%28-%20Svaqry%29%20%28YHK%20%2F%20RYYK%29&ERDLTkt=Yhkrzobhet&ktODMp=Ncevy%204%2C%202005&BP=0&WNEb25u=Gubznf%20Xyrva&xsIERvdWdsY=YK-YTM&MgTUQtODMgKE=Ng%2006%3A40%20va%20gur%20zbeavat%2C%203%20REW-145%20%28YK-YTM%2C%20YTJ%2C%20YTK%29%20naq%201%20REW-135%20%28YK-YTX%29%20jnvg%20sbe%20gurve%20cnffratref%20ng%20gur%20vagen-Fpuratra%20cvre.%20Whfg%20va%20pnfr%20fbzrbar%20jnf%20jbaqrevat%20ubj%20Yhknve%20pnyyf%20gurve%20Rzoenre%20Wrgf...&YXMgTUQtODMgKERD=1365&NEb25uZWxs=2005-04-11&ODJ9dvCE=&O89Dcjdg=145258&static=yes&width=1024&height=694&sok=JURER%20%20%28nvepensg_trarevp%20%3D%20%27Rzoenre%20REW-135%2F140%2F145%27%20BE%20nvepensg_trarevp%20%3D%20%27Uneova%20Rzoenre%20REW-145%27%29%20%20BEQRE%20OL%20cubgb_vq%20QRFP&photo_nr=10&prev_id=0824847&next_id=0747757&tbl=TAIL. . APU exhaust on a DC-9, behind and above the #2 engine:. . http://www.airliners.net/open.file?id=0273634&WxsIERv=ZpQbaaryy%20Qbhtynf%20QP-9-32&Wm=0&WdsYXMg=Nreb%20Pnyvsbeavn&QtODMg=Zrkvpb%20Pvgl%20%28-%20Yvprapvnqb%20Oravgb%20Whnerm%20Vagreangvbany%29%20%28ZRK%20%2F%20ZZZK%29&ERDLTkt=Zrkvpb&ktODMp=Wnahnel%2027%2C%202002&BP=0&WNEb25u=Wbetr%20Ebpnsbeg%20-%20NrebVzntrarf%20qr%20Zrkvpb&xsIERvdWdsY=KN-NQX&MgTUQtODMgKE=Gnvy%20ivrj%2C%20ernql%20sbe%20n%2005Y%20gnxrbss.&YXMgTUQtODMgKERD=548&NEb25uZWxs=2002-09-12&ODJ9dvCE=&O89Dcjdg=47131%2F214&static=yes&width=1024&height=772&sok=JURER%20%20%28nvepensg_trarevp%20%3D%20%27Qbhtynf%20QP-9%27%20BE%20nvepensg_trarevp%20%3D%20%27ZpQbaaryy%20Qbhtynf%20QP-9%20%28P-9%20Avtugvatnyr%2FFxlgenva%20VV%29%27%29%20%20beqre%20ol%20cubgb_vq%20QRFP&photo_nr=19&prev_id=0280891&next_id=0265859&tbl=TAILYes, it is the exhaust for the turbine Auxilliary Power Unit.There is an air scoop on the front edge of the vertical stabilizer on many aircraft.  It is used for part of the airconditioning system.  The vent on the tail of many planes, like the MD-80 for example is called and APU (Auxillary Power Unit)  It is used for power so the main engines don't have to be running to have lights or airconditioning while the plane is on the ground.  Saves ALOT on fuel!
Sulfur is by product of crude oil making that's why you smell itwhat happens is that when you have unburn fuel in the combustion chamber . a stuffed up cat. converter can at times cause the cat. converter to get very hot.  that it can cause you to fail your smog , in some rare case.. can cause a fire.My car did this and it ended up being that the catalytic converter needed to be replaced. Cost was close to $300.J.D. is right on, but the caty also get that smell when its over worked, problem with engine causing unborn  fuel to go out tail pipe.Sometimes when your catalytic converter goes bad it will make your car smell like sulfur.That's the catalytic converter.  The smell is most-noticeable when the converter has been replaced or it's a new car.  It goes away in a little while.
look I'm a used car dealer and  ..  trust me  do this and you don't need any warranty... before you sign the contract take the car to any service department AND LET THEM CHECKED IT FOR YOU . I NEED TO TELL YOU THAT ALL WARRANTY IS NOT GOOD  . THE JUST TAKE YOUR MONEY AWAY FROM YOU  AND YOU 'LL PAY 3X THE VALUE OF THAT WARRANTY. SO TAKE CARE .As reliable as the contract you sign.  Read it BEFORE you buy and make sure it covers what you want.. . Especially watch out for limits, requirements for them to service the car for it to be valid and, especially, "fair wear and tear/age of the car" restrictions which can make it worthless.There are two major sources of after market warranties. One is a MANUFACTURERS extended warranty and those are pretty good. They are usually sold by the Dealer and usually only sold on vehicles with less that 80,000 miles. They usually cover everything except for a few electrical parts and upholstery and carpets.  . . GM and FORD have these, I'm not sure if Daimler/Chrysler sells them or not.. . The other warranties sold for companies OTHER than a manufacturer are NOT very good. They usually are good only at the dealer who sells them and then usually challenge the need for every repair.
C2500 is a two wheel drive truck. . K2500 is a four wheel drive truckall the above, buy a fordfire4511 is correct.  both are lightduty.c is 2-wheel drive light duty. k is 4-wheel drive heavy duty
A DEVICE THAT IS INSTALLED IN CARS AND IS USED TO TRACK THEM WHEN THEY ARE STOLEN.its a chip they put into your car so if it gets stolen the police can track itIt's a hidden GPS chip that can be placed in your car and activated by police when the car is reported stolen.... . They are working on similar technology so you can track exactly where your car is and keep tabs on your children, your spouse... . something like Big Brother...all the answers you've received prior to mine are true. except Lojack is popular on the west coast as well. many a car has been recovered before it crosses the border or winds up in a chop shop. and many times they actually catch the culprit who stole the car. its a great system. big brother is coming up with a system to monitor you and i.... watch enemy of the state for a very small (but eye opening) taste of whats to come in our future as Americans.LOJACK is a vehicle recovery system...it tells the police where the car is when its stolen, so they can go get it fastThe opposite of hi-jack. It's a car theft recovery device. Popular on the east coast - installed at the dealership.It is a tracking device mounted in the car. (GPS) In case the car is stolen
You can press off & temp. up button (red button) at same time on heater control and codes will come up in info area of digitl dash.You need do have someone hook it up to a computer diagnostic system and it will tell you if there is any trouble codes and can erase any old ones.well if you want to check your comp.on your car,you can use a on board key.just find the plug in ,on general motors its usually on the drivers side right under the dash.find treminal a and b and use the key(if you dont have a key,you can use a piece of covered wire)just keep the key off,and insert the key or wire into a and b ternimal and turn on the key(dont start the car or you could burn out the module)and count the flashes(like for instances  1 flash and it pauses and 2 more.that will do it for 3 times,then on the 4th time count the flashes just like the 1 and 2 ,then look at the manuel and it tells you what is the matter.good luck.Sell youre pieace of junk and get a newer car
don't sabotage it as you will be breaking the law.. . Call the neighbourhood police post to complain and they will take action. Either asking the owner to shift the lorry, or issue summon and or even tow away.get under the bonnet and start pulling the spark plug wires. remove and throw away the coil wire going to the distributor, if it has one. take the battery from it. there's too many ways. pour water in the carburator (if it has one) if not get water into the throttle body. too many waysBust open the fuel cap and pour in a bag of sugar.. . He'll have to overhaul his whole engine.. . If that's too hardcore, nail a 6-inch nail at a 45 degree angle into as small a plank of wood as possible while still retaining stability.. . Place one in front of each of the front wheels and one behind each of his back wheels.. . I am, however, NOT advocating this course of action. I am stating this simply as an intellectual answer to your question which, I assume, is purely hypothetical.Take a valve cap off a tire.Place a small pebble in the cap and screw it back on the stem just tight enough to depress the valve core and cause a small leak.The tire will be flat in about an hour.Definitely teaches people to park in their own spots without any damage being done.Put a "for sale" sign on it with the phone number of a local car or truck dealership.You are talking about damaging property that is not your own. If there is a law against parking the vehicle where it is, call law enforcement. If it is parked legally, and you just do not like the fact that it is there, either lobby to get the law changed or accept that life is not always going to be exactly what you want!!That would be against the law I'd think.  Call the local constabulary and ask what the ordinances are for that sort of thing.Thats not really legal, if it's parked somewhere its not supposed to be get it towed at the owners expense, or charge the owner for parking either way he pays it's probably best if your the one making the money. . OR. . If you wnt a more destructive alternative get straight Ethanol mix it with salt and pour it in his gas tank he shouldnt go far before the engine blowsput some sardines on the engine,  . . or put some tie straps on the driveshaft/axle which ever one it has  . . both are quit annoyingu should see a doc, whatswith you, get a life
it is a type of sun repealant. It is not as hard to drive on a sunny day because the blue strip is reflecting the sun.its a sun visorI guess it's a bit like... why are sunglasses/shades dark?  It's to reduce the glare of the sun when it's high in the sky.Bugs can see the blue part and try to fly over it...but sometimes they try to fly under it and get killed by the clear part of the windshield...So the sun doesn't come blaring in right at your eyes.
http://www.bikebandit.com/partsbandit/showschematic~dept_id~1008832.asp. . Here's a link from www.bikebandit.com which shows the exploded view of the seat.  It appears you first open it with the key and then have a couple of hinges to unscrew.  Sorry bout the first answer, and hope this helps!Because of the first answer is why you should always give "year", make, engine size and model # when asking questions.. Did you figure it out yet? 2 bolts. L & R side near the front.Take off the side panels under the seat - there is a screw at the top rear corner, and the bottom has a plastic tag that locates in a slot. Then you can unbolt the seat from below.Lift the corner padding on the seat and pull out the bolts However, removing the seat o­n a stock SV650 involves removing four bolts with two different size Allen wrenches –
A factory alarm would most likely not allow vehicle to start, sounds like after market that has been dissabled, but not completely, I'd follow clicking noise to relay/module and unplug but that may diable what ever is flashing, if it does then you have to repair where the wiring was cut into to add alarmTry closing the drivers door and use the key to lock and then unlock the door see if the noise and flashing stop..  If not than it is most likely an aftermarket alarm so then you must put the key in the ignition and look under the drivers side dashboard (where your pedals are) and look for a button or toggle switch. if there is a button hold it in and turn the key to the on position, if this doesn't work try leaving the key on and push the button, if it is a toggle switch do the same proses , flip switch and turn on or turn on and then flip switch..  if there is no switch or button pull lower panel down and look for a black box (4"x6") just tucked up there some Ware look for some small Gage wires that lead to a remote switch of some sort....  report back with your findings please...
Only the dealer can cut and program a key on a newer Maxima.. They are very expensive over $50. . Call the dealer your year might not need a programmed key.. Do not put a unprogrammed key into your car, Then you will be towing it to the dealerGo to the dealer, there are codes they can look up to make a replacement or call a locksmithebaygo to the dealer, there are codes they can look up to make a replacement. Bring proof of ownership.you have to find the nearest Nissan dealer and explain your problem to them.You have to go to your dealer!Go to the dealer - the parts department will be able to help you.You can goto to the dealer but they only keep the key code for seven years. the key should have a chip in it so not only is the key like $55 but you have to pay 1 hour labor to have it programedvery carefully
You can go to the local DMV and pay a fee, they will give you the information. Is part of the freedom of Information Act. Local Police can't give you that information because it is use for LAW ENFORCEMENT ONLY, that information is priviledge.If you have a valid reason, your local law enforcement officers can help you. Without a valid reason you can't!
hes got a helecopter at his home i live next door to him, very noisey when he heads off to work!!!Years ago it was via Volkswagon.He uses the snow plough, the company he works for have advance warning through weather prediction so he would know when he is likely to be needed to clear the roadshe takes the snowplough home with himSki's silly.Just like everyone else, he just leaves for work BEFORE the snow storm hits....the snowplough is his homeThe little snow fairies don't sprinkle snow on his route to work.drives his car to the snowplow place and picks up the snowplow.They are there long before the snow hits. spreading deice-er on the bridges and overpasses.4 wheel drive
An auto's drivetrain or powertrain consists of all the components that generate power and deliver it to the road surface, water, or air. This includes the engine, transmission, driveshafts, differentials, and the final drive (drive wheels, caterpillar track, propeller, etc). Sometimes "powertrain" is used to refer to simply the engine and transmission, including the other components only if they are integral to the transmission.the drive train is the transmission which allows power to be transferred from the engine to the wheels, and also allows for variance in torque, which means powerDRIVE TRAIN IS WHAT MAKES THE CAR MOVE. THIS INCLUDES THE ENGINE, THE TRANSMISSION, THE DRIVE SHAFT AND THE AXLE OF YOUR CAR.An auto's drivetrain or powertrain consists of all the components that generate power and deliver it to the road surface, water, or air. This includes the engine, transmission, driveshafts, differentials, and the final drive (drive wheels, caterpillar track, propeller, etc). Sometimes "powertrain" is used to refer to simply the engine and transmission, including the other components only if they are integral to the transmission.. . A vehicle's driveline consists of the parts of the drivetrain excluding the engine and transmission. It is the portion of a vehicle, after the transmission, that changes depending on whether a vehicle is front wheel drive, four wheel drive, or rear wheel drive.The drivetrain of a car/truck includes all the mechanical componets which makes it move. This includes the engine, transmission, axel, etc.It means the gear box prop shaft or drive shaft and axle
These colours are chosen because they can be seen from afar in day and night. Red is a colour of caution and gives a warning feeling to people. Green on the other hand, has a soothing effect, signalling okay to go. When the first traffic light came about, there were only 2 colours - red and green. Amber came about as a transition between the 2 colours. It had to be a colour that is easy to differentiate between red and green. white was a first choice but there were worries that there might be confusion with the street lamps. Thus, the next colour is amber.primary colors? were you educated on earth?red stands for danger.. amber stands for might be dangerous. green stands for safe.. . i guess is a universal colors understood by manybecause they are easy to see even in dark and conditions where there is a glare they are easy to pick out.  i had some one tell me that most people that are color blind can distinguish those three colorsDue to wave length of light, red is the highest, we can see from far -it means stop , then yellow - it is ready to go , at last Green- it is all clearBecause it's simple, and most people are stupid.  I would not want to drive around stupid people when traffic lights aren't simple.Because it is easier to see...traditionally if you see "red" you know danger.. . Yellow or amber is always caution.... . Green has meant go.  These are the easiest to see.universal standard color spectrum and easiest to understand purpose of the three colors nationaly .Red is visible from a distance & also globally accepted as a color to signify something of importance or danger.. . amber is a soft color visible over shorter distances & a soft psychological jolt to wake up & start kicking.. . Green is accepted as a color signifying freedom or the synonymous.. . I think ;)
My guess would be the floater.  This also why when you sit on a hill u can get a funky gas readingWrong pump, blown fuse, no gas, computer damaged because battery was not disconnected first. Any number of things.The fuel sending unit and the fuel pump are one complete assembly on this vehicle. If the vehcile starts then you can consider the wiring to be OK as the pump and sending unit share the same harness. If all the other gauges on your instrument cluster are in working condition then the fuse to the cluster is ok.. Considering you replaced the pump assembly you might have it in the wrong position in the tank not allowing the sender float to read.. Chrysler products have an arrow on the pump / sender unit and the fuel tank, do you remember lining these up? If not this is your problemyou forgot to plug in the sending unit.replacing the fuel pump wont have any affect on the fuel quanity gauge, are you talking about a fuel pressure gauge?It could be a bad connection at the plug at the module, or you got the float stuck in the down position. Unplug module and use a test light on each connector, have someone watch guage to see if it moves. If ti does your problem is inside the tank with the float, or the sending unit.The float is not working. Ground the fuel gauge wire at the tank If the fuel gauge then reads full, problem is with the float in the tankSounds like the mechanics didn't plug something in.  Or, a bad connection.. . Good Luck!. . Take it back to the garage and complain.there is an electric switch in the tank, it works off a resistor, basically, a full tank will have less resistance than an empty tank, what probably happened it when you put the pump back in the tank, you might have bound up the switch, so you may want to undo it and reinstall it again.if you replaced the whole entire unit,,they usually come with a new sending unit,,and the pump assembly,,the only thing that might knock it out would be a faulty connection at the power supply,,where it connect,s,,or you may have actually bought a unit with a faulty sending unit on it,,you have to remember,,these thing,s are built by human,s and were not perfect,,and they do not check each individual unit that comes off the line,,the only other thing that might have happened ,you could have blown a fuse in the process of installing it,,this can happen if the key was turned on by accident,,or something,,other wise if it was working before,,there is no reason it shouldn't be working now,,you may also want to check the ground,,even though the pump wire has a built in ground on it,,sometimes it will loose ground,,you can do this by grounding the tank to the frame ,,if it work,s you have found your problem,,other Wise you could have bought a bad unit,,i do this for a living,,and it has happened to me a few times,,hope this help,sDoes it read 100 percent full or 100 percent empty.. You may have "hung" the float .If you took the fuel pump assy out you may not of seated it properly. it might be turned on a funny angle.If you're fuel pump is in your fuel tank then most likely the float is stuck in the down position. Mine stuck at first then I went over a bump and it came up. Also you get scewy reading at first until the float settles.In a 97 Neon the sending unit for the fuel guage is built on the pump assembly so I would say that you knocked a wire off it when installing the pump.
This is so wierd. I literally just installed an EGR on a 99 Saturn SL2.  It is very simple, one of the easiest I have seen.  Disconnect the battery, one terminal.  Then remove the intake hose that runs to the trottle body. It is the big hose on top, it has one clamp at the entrance to the throttle body. Fold it out of the way. The EGR is now easily reached, one bolt, one nut, and one threaded stud is all yo have to take off.  On my 99 there is a bracket that has to be removed from the throttle body via one nut.  After that the EGR pops off. Can do it literally in 15 minutes.Assuming that it is a non-digital EGR valve, there are two nuts which hold the valve in place. You loosen the nuts, scrape the old gasket off the manifold and install the new EGR valve with the new gasket. Digital EGR valves come off basically the same way. Good luck to youI don't know where it's located or how it's set up on your Saturn.  However you would be wise to go to the dealership and order the full maintenance manual that the deal mechanics use for working on your car.  That will explain everything to you (most likely in non-layman terms)
I used two cars to pull a U-Haul van out of a muddy back yard.. . Good Luckget a winch hook it to a stirty tree or something near by that is stirty and and haul your self outYou want to be careful attaching a tow chain or hook to your vehicle. You do not say what type of car you have, so I can not give you specific information about where to hook to your car.  . . I can tell you that you want to hook to a frame tow point. Some cars have tow tie downs in the front and rear, some just have spots in the frame where a tow chain can be attached. . . Do not attach to any steering of suspension components, as you can do a lot of damage.. . You also do not say how far you have to pull the car out of the ditch. You can use a heavy duty truck to pull you, again attaching the chains correctly, or you can use a power-puller (come-a-long) or a winch.. . . If you are unsure of the safest way to do this, pay a tow truck. They are equipped to do this with no additional damage.Call a tow truck company and have them tow it out for you, and you'd have to pay them for coming out to tow it, but at least it will be out of the ditch.Look carefully then. Use appropriate machinery.tow truck if it can get there, or if you know someone with a 4x4 truck, and a tow rope, thats probably your best bet.put ropes and chains on the back of a truck and attach them to the front of the car.then put the truck in 4 wheel drive!call a tow truck person.Longer toe-nails, so you can hook your long toe-nails under your car.just towKeep a sliding ramp in front of the jammed wheel and hit the gas.Tow Truck should to the trickbologna sandwichwith a tow-truck?Tow Truckwith a wench, put the hook to chain on the frame
Rail tracks are normally laid on a bed of coarse stone chippings known as a ballast, which combines resilience, some amount of flexibility, and good drainage; however, track can also be laid on or into concrete (a slab track). Across bridges, track is often laid on sleepers across longitudinal timbers or longitudinal steel girders.For drainage and to prevent the growth of plants, also helps distribute weight of train evenly.Drainage! Standing water on tracks is not good, especially with wood ties...  Keeping weeds off the RoW... Helping define the RoW, and in a way helping hold the track in place.. . (RoW = right of way)Do you mean the railway bed if so it is for drainage so when it rains water will seep away from the tracks    HAPPY DAYI would guess to assist in weeds/shrubs NOT growing in the right of way and provide drainage.Those stones absorb shock..They dont know where else to put it, and its dangerous to throw it at your place, right?I think to absorb some of the vibration of the tracks when a train goes by.
Soak them in chem dip carb cleaner.A parts washer--or, if you're oldschool and don't care about EPA standards, gasoline.  After doing so, you either allow the pistons to air dry or blow them dry with compressed air.  Be careful not to use abrasive pads on the piston's surface and to buff any scratches with 150+ (preferably 300) grit sandpaper.. . Also, please be sure to re-clock the piston's rings before you return it to the engine, or you'll have oil blow-by and compression problems.You can soak them in Berryman B-12, it works great.  They also give you a bucket to soak the parts in.. . Good Luckin a parts washer or with dishsoap and water.In my experience the main thing that needs to be done is to remove the hard carbon deposits on the crown and in the ring grooves.. . I would recommend doing this:. Soak the piston for an hour or so in corbon remover solution or its like. . . Remove it and rinse with water. What this does is it loosens the carbon beautifully.. . Then soak the piston in water for another hour or so. This effectively dissolves all the carbon . . Use a light sandpaper to now scrap off the remaining carbon. Use a wire or its like to clean the ring grooves. Make sure you clean the passages in the ring groovesMachine shops (some) use a bead blaster.  It is a sand blaster, but the agent is not damaging to the pistons.  Also, consider calling a couple of machine shops and get their input.replace themstart up engine poor some water down intake manifold not to much.be like steam clean position
Wouldn't you have to make it left hand drive though?get rid of the dealer1. i believe you will have to do a exhaust mod because it will not pass inspection.. . 2. depending on area. you will either have to get a speical licence for the right hand drive or convert it.. . 3. and in most of the US it is legal. with a few execptions including NY as being one of them. you will need the right hand drive licnece or insurence for the vechicle.it depaends. if all the parts in ur car are compay fitted (from nissan) u can register it legally but if u hav parts from outside and they are illegal then u hav register it either by bribing or by illegal actionPurchase it legally, register it legally, and ensure that all the parts & accessories are up to legal standards!Get it checked so it can pass the emissions test. I'm guessing you want this car to be legalized in the U.S. Also, make sure it can pass safety regulations.Stock Skylines are leagal. If u are buying a modified one. Find a shop where someoen will pass u on the emmisions test. Its not that big of a deal.i have a left side drive 2002 nissan skyline gtr r34 i bought it in japan from a dealer(stock). i then shipped it to california, had to have thicker glass,emissions,and had it converted to left side drive, that all cost roughly $25,000 to get it licensed and i put about $125,000 into it.
Fire engines are red because RED stands for Emergency & Danger!! It is a color which signifies there is danger or tragedy somewere & Blood(RED) may have spilt somewhere so let it pass!!THe fire engines in my town aren't red. They are a chartreuse, a greenish yellow color.  A study was done and it was established as an easier color to recognize, in traffic.any advertising class can answer that for you, red is more appealing to eye and gains more attention, emergency or notA book is "read"...a book has two sides...2+2 = 4 and 4 x 3 =12.  There are 12 inches in a ruler...Queen Mary was a ruler, and she is also a ship.  Ships go to sea, seas have fish, and fish have fins.  The Fins fought the Russians, and the Russians won.  Fire engines are almost always "rushin' "  That's why fire engines are almost always red.Tradition dictates that fire trucks should be red. There are fire departments that use other colors. I have seen almost every color used, including black, white, lime green, highway stripe yellow, and combinations of colors.. . My personal preference is for a red fire truck!so you can see them.I actually think that the bright yellow is the most visible. But you usually HEAR them before you see them anyway. Green could blend in with the surroundings too much so I would not suggest it as a color for a fire engine.
Call the police, but if they weren't doing anything wrong, hire a private detective, they'll tell you for a price.If you go to the main motor vehicle department in your states capitol city  you can get this information by filling out a form. I had to do this once for someone that was harrassing me. You cannot do this online it has to be in person.I think the police would be able to tell you where the registration of all vehicles registrated in your country is kept.. . The ANWB (a club of which most owners of cars in the netherlands are member) has such information too - of course.. . Also car insurance companies keep these records.You cannot have someone else's plate ran. Only the police and DMV can, and they won't tell you.you can't but the police can. but I don't think they will tell you.You as a civilian can not get that information.. The police and the DMV will not give it to you.. . But if the owner was doing something illegal or suspicious call the police and make a report; let them handle it.
I assume you mean car brakes and the carriers would be the drums on drum brakes.  Most of the time seizing is from heat caused by misaligned or misadjusted brake shoes.As you say pads and not shoes I assume you have disc brakes and callipers. The pads do not seize in a calliper. The way the hydraulic system works is that when you put your foot on the brake peddle it engages a 'pump' at the top(the master cylinder) to compress the fluid in the line and force the piston in the calliper out and hence push the brake pad onto the disc. It is the pistons in the calliper which suffer seizure and stop your brakes from working. This is usually caused by the dust seals protecting them from failing and a build up of dirt, however lack of use is another major issue and it is possible to heat seize a calliper if they are seriously over used.brakes don't rust there for thay cant seize in the calipers but Ur calipers can seize due to rustIn my case it was lack of use.I assume you meant to write why do brakes seize in their calipers?. . Usually because of the dirt and grime that get into the space between piston and bore of the caliper.. . Brake fluid is also very hydrophillic. It likes water. Which could cause some oxidation between the piston and the bore of the caliper.As most people have stated one of the main causes of brakes sticking is dust. When the pedal is depressed the pasd are pushed in to contact with the disc, this causes the vehicle to slow and obviously the pad to wear, there are very high temperatures involved here and the only returning force here is the actual rubber seals on the caliper round the piston which when the pedal is relaeased allow the pad to move back.  When pads are fitted a very high melting point greas is used (or should be) if the brakes are not maintsine correctly this can cauuse the dust to lodge in the ares where the pads move, causing the pads to stick, over a period of time this can affect the operation of the sliding mechanism of the caliper. the solution is regular maintenance to ensure this doesnt happen and cut down on repair costs as wellUsualy water.I didn't know brakes hung out in carriers.... Please find the proper word and re-ask your question.replace calipersYour question is not quite clear, however if that is what you have been told then go to a different garage. Brake pads do not have any moving parts, hence they cannot seize. They can get stuck due to dirt, rust etc. but any mechanic can replace brake pads it is by no means a difficult job. . . The brake calliper (that's the bit that pushes your brake pads onto the brake discs) has a cylinder which can seize. If this is the case then sometimes they can be disassembled, cleaned and put back together. It all depends how bad they are, they may need to be replaced. Hope this answers your question. Good luckMy brakes froze up 2 weeks ago so they replaced the caliber, but it wasn't it, it was actually the master cylinder, I got a new one $70 and now its all betterCheck in the owners man. for exact free play distance !!!. . Front brakes lock up because the master cyl to   brakes do not have enough clearance. Simple remove the master cyl ,,,, do not disconnect the lines just-move forward. A little shaft has a pin with a wrench place and at the end is a nut  and locking nut. screw in the shaft about 1-1/2 turns. Reassemble and test the foot/hand petal so you have about 1/8- 3/16 free play.(see man. for exact clearance) Always  make sure the master cyl is working once your done. . . There must  be free play so the heat of the system has a place to bleed off.
Gluttony, Greed, Lust, Sloth, Pride, Wraith and Envywho told u there are 7 secrets??go ask them...
a series 2 motor was made from 1997 to 2003 wihich can be found in the GTP and GT 3800s. the series 3 was first made in the 2004 models which is an upgraded 3800 with the output of the supercharged model equaling 260 hp. and the GT model with the same motor but not supercharged ,that one makes about 200 hp, so the diffrence is that the series 2 and 3 are the same. but the series 3 is upgraded with more advanced technology.They installed an electronic throttle control cable in the series III for more responsive acceleration.One's a piece of crapp and the other a piece of Chitseries 2 3800 motor has a plastic plenum chamber the series 3 has a cast one
hum. they usually leak (there is a hole under the boss that the shaft goes through to let water or coolant drain when the seal or bearing begins to go out) or rattle, buzz, squeak, or something. in short they let ya know when you are observant. don't replace it 'till you see something like this.Coolant Pressure tester is the best way. PM depends on the car. Some cars {Honda,Mitsu, Toyo}the water pump is driven by the timing belt. Best real world idea is to change it with the timing belt if that is the case.I dont think there really is a good way to test your water pump.  My water pump went out during a trip to phoenix... first my friend and I heard this awfull squealing sound (the belt) by the time we got off the highway the belt was gone and the truck started sounding better... but when a mechanic came out to put a new belt on he noticed that my water pump wasnt moving anymore.  I was lucky... I drove an older Toyota pickup so the actual pump only cost about $27.  While the water pump was broken my truck still ran... we had to drive it to the mechanic.  But it was near over heating in about 10 mins.
Surprisingly, it is a module for cooling an engine.The engine cooling module is an electronic module  that controls the operation of the electric engine cooling fan motor.It receives information from the 'ECT' (engine coolant temperature sensor) as well as inputs from the the A/C control head. The 'ECT' tells the module when the engine temperature is hot enough to require the fan to run and also any time A/C is selected or defrost it also turns on the electric cooling fan for additional engine cooling.It is an electronic module that regulates the flow of water in the vehicle's cooling system. They can go 'haywire.'. Go to a NAPA store for up-close advice. They are good people and are generally very helpful.
I can't really say it is better, It's all your own opinion of what you like, are looking for / need in a car.Because it is the same engine as Lexus ES330.  I tested drive the 07 Camry I love it.  It is very smooth just like Lexus (I owned a lexus before) and  I am planning toget a Camry for my wife.it isnt better but than again its your own opinion in which you are entiltled to.toyota is # 1 dependable car made in japan.. my brother has a 1998 with over 300k on it and still runs and looks greatIt is if you believe Toyota advertisements.  if I was selling Toyota's I would say it's the best also.. Get an Accord! You will be happier. the new Camry body style does look good
I would really like to know why football in america is a game that is played using your hands, and football in the rest of the world is a game you play using your feet.Well, you kickoff the ball...which involves your feet...and you run...and then of course extra points are scored by kicking.Because ball is played with your feet.. . "American football" shouldn't be called football at all. The game that looks much like american football is called rugby in the rest of the world.In America, the ball is kicked for several reasons.  Field goals are kicked when progress towards the end zone can not be made in time, but they are close enough to the end to kick it that far.  Extra points are kicked through the same goal posts as a field goal is after a touchdown.  After a score, or if no progress towards the end zone is made, and the team is not close enough to make a field goal, the ball is kicked towards the other team to try to get the ball as far down the field as possible so the other team has to move it back a lot further.  . Thus, foot + ball.  I have no idea why the game everyone else calls football gets called soccer here, other than most other countries that play it speak other languages, and don't literally call it "football", other than in translation.  If you check out the rules to American Football, it's really kind of an interesting sport, and there are several variations to it.It originated in Europe and is what America calls soccer. That is why it is called football. I dont know how the US originated the name for the current sport the name is used for. Also, why did you put this question in the Skoda section under Cars & Transportation. Skoda is an automobile company owned by Volkswagen!Because you play it with your Feet
Lightly sand it down#1 Wash with HD cleaner. #2 Wash again.   Try these sites. Everything you need to know. www.gmtips.com/3rd-degree/dox/tips/paint/dent/body-01.htm. www.paintucation.com. www.camaros.net/forums/showthread.php?t=62573. www.carcraft.com/howto/24820Sand. mask. wash with water. wash with paint prep. sprayyou first nedd to assess the condition of the bodywork, does the paint have any bubbles ? is there any corrosion that needs repairing such as wheel areches etc ( you dont say what the vehicle is and the age) asuming there is no serious corrosion then you have a lot of sanding to do, if the paintwork and bodywork is in good condition then you need to basically take the shine off the paintwork and ideally coat it with etch primer, the trouble is not knowing what the paint is on the vehicle as some modern paints react with older ones, if this is the case you will need to go back to bare metal to cure the bubbling effect this has, the process is not complicated but it is time consuming, from bare metal you would using body filler (mix in proportions of  filler = size of a golf ball, hardner = size of a pea) you apply the filler to the damaged area and allow to set hard, using as fine a grade of production paper as posssible (less scratches to get rid of later) you sand the repait until it is flat with the panel surface (ifi its curved use something like a piece of plastic pipe, if flat use a rubbing block) you keep repeating this process until the repair is unoticble when you run your hand over it, all repairs must be as good as that.  Next you prime the area using a fine dust coat so that and high or low spots can be seen and repaired this can be done by using a filler putty, this coat needs to be rubbed down with wet and dry (use soap as well it stops the paper clogging) and this process is repeated until all the repairs are complete, then if you wish you can begin applying coats of primer rubbing down with a fine paper in between (soap again) and finally panel wipe (solvent so take care) and tak rag the surface ready for painting, i reccomend several coats of primer to give a deep finish
If your vehicle was originally sold in your state, your Title/Registration should have a "Date first sold" line on it.  That is the in-service date.go to the dealer that handles that kinda car the sevice manager can look in the computer an tell u all u need to know bout the car.when ever you have service on the car (only if it's work done at a dealership), sometimes it is printed on the service ticket.. it will be hard to find however. . As the other guy said, contact the dealership you bought it from or just ask the service manager to look it up.. . As a last thing, call Ford customer assistance and ask them
you answered most of your own question as you listed the numbers-they are just an easy way to communicate the load capacity of a certain vehicle.99% of all people in the car business know instantly that 15,150,1500 all equal a half ton truck and likewise a 25,250,2500 are three qtr ton designators that makes 35,350,3500 bingo! 1 ton trucks.where they came from is marketing and oneupmanship among the manufacturers, when trucks started to get a little fancy in the 1950's ford and chevy/gmc had small pickups all the way up to over the road tractors .with all those models to sell and service and taking into account the shall we say less than savy fleet buyers etc. an easy to use number system made sense-hope this helpsI dont know engineer error.in this country the numbers signify tare weight. 15/150 etc is a 1500 kilo tare. 25/250 etc is a 2500 kilo tare. it's the unladen weight of the vehicle for registration purposes.Perhaps they are just levels.  Like version 1.2 etc.its not tare. youcan get a 1500 and a 2500 with the same angine and they will pretty much wiegh the same.  I dont know what they really mean.
because it was time for an oil change and the dealer will check the computer for compliance to see if the warranty is void.To jip out of your hard earned money.  He doesn't like recall work, because he doesn't get paid for it.  I would stop him, if I were you.  After all, you never authorized the oil change to be done.because it was probably way overdue and maybe part of the recall was that the part that needed changed reuired the oil to be drained.what are you talking about?!?!?!?Who the heck is mark?. . This question could be much better worded.. . If car is recalled they may just fix a part oil still needs changed.
The window shades are required to be raised so that if there is any fault while taking off or landing like fire or obstruction, it can be braught into notice by a passanger or crew. But if the shades are closed then no one will be able to see that. Also in the event of an evacuation, it will save time and give clear view of outside situation.They make me raise my seat back, but have never made me raise the window panel.  What airline do you fly?To allow you to see outside in the event of an emergency requiring an evacuation.  This is a company rule, not an FAA rule.So you can wave good bye to your family.According to USA Today's Meryl Getline in her "Ask the Captain" column, "The window shades are up so that, in the event of an evacuation, there is a clear view to the outside to assess conditions... The answer to most procedural questions like this is almost always that it's a safety consideration, but it's still nice to know exactly why certain things are done a particular way."In case of emergency.  If the plane needs to be evacuated the crew (or passengers) may need to be able to look out any given window to make sure the exit point is safe, etc.Because it helps people who get motion sickness to not get sick if they can see out the windowIts in case of an emergency . Not a hijack! (Ive never heard such a stupid/ignorant comment before now!)so no one thinks the plane was hi-jackedReally? never heard of that one before and i have flown many times on commercial, millitary, and private planes.
Actually...(son of poster) changing the back window was not that hard...we had to take the door panel off, take off the protective plastic inside the door, take the metal bracket off, put the new window in by caddy cornering it until both sides were in the groove. then, bolt the new bracket in, then put everything back together, so thank you for your sarcasm...(if you were not sarcastic, then i am not talking to you.)very carefullyTake off the front end tires then raise up the rear tires ... j/k Well u need to customize the frame holder of the window behind the door panels if u got the patient to do it ,if not take it to "Western Auto" shop to get it done for youtake it to a glass shop, it is a hard job.Is it a vinyl top car. If not you go to the local auto body supply nd get a tube of window weld and a replacement rear window and get to work. If it is a vinly top car leave it to the pros.
well with lax i think it is 2 hours ahead of time. that way you can be sure to get through security and get your boarding pass and still have time to hit starbucks. have fundon't forget! the time listed on the ticket is NOT the boarding time..it's departure time. you have to be at the GATE atleast 25 minutes before the time listed on the ticket.. . . people forget this. including me.. which is why I had to sprint to my gate last time :)60-90 minutes should give you enough timeat least one hourNormally they say be there about 2hrs ahead of your flight but that's not really necessary if you know the airport like the back of your hand and can go and get your luggage scanned through. If you do know you can be there about 1hr-1hr30mins/1hr-1hr15mins before your flight. ^_^ Hope you have fun on your trip!I normally do online check-in.  It makes the airport hassle easier.  I check in online, show up at the airport an hour before scheduled departure, check-in my bags, go through security, and show up at the gate.. . I also check the airline's website to make sure that my flight is on time.  Once, due to weather, my flight was 5 hours behind schedule.  So of course I chose to stay at home than spend time at the airport.at least 2 hoursit depend where u r going sometime u have to be at the airport an hr or 2 hr it depend what time the flight is also and it takes long time to go through serciurtyi would say at least 1 hour to 1 ans1/2 hours  to be sure your checked in.  and know of any delays ahead of timeGive yourself as much time as possible, if time allows.. However, for domestic flights, plan to be there at least one hour before flight departure.. . For international flights, be there at least two hours before flight departure.. . However, if your itinerary allows, check in online, and bypass the ticket counter, and go directly to security checkpoint, which may save you some time.
the cost, premuim are usually larger and costs moreAlloy usually means aluminum.  Premium usually means upgrade, i.e. if standard on the car was a 15" wheel but 16" was optional, 16" would be the premium wheel.  Or in the case of some cars the premium wheel is the polished/chrome version of the standard wheel.
Contact your DMV. For a fee, you can get a replacement.rmv dmv and paycan you say DMV?Go to the DMV which ever line has title clerks and ask them for a title application for a replacement. Fill that out and send it where its needed for the state u live in.. . **Alabama lost title applications are mailed to Montgomery with a money order**. . Check with the DMV to be sure all the requirements b/c I believe some states are different.you need to have a policeman come and write up the info  on the car like the vin number take it to secretary of state they have some paper work there also. bring your license with you. but i would call make sure before doing this i am in Michigan that's how we have to do it. good luckIn California, as long as you are the registered owner on record, you can fill out a REG 227 form (Application for Duplicate Title).  Complete sections 1 and 3, and make sure you bring your drivers license.  It costs $16.In Oklahoma you just go to the tag office and ask for a lost title.  They make sure you are the person listed on their record as owner by checking your identification.  You pay a fee, I think $11. here, and they mail it to you in about ten days.  I imagine other states are about the same.Get a replacement at the DMV.Call DMV. They will issue you a new one.
Holding an auto in a certain gear can help you under load (climbing a hill) and the transmission can't decide the gear for example.  Another thing can be to help with braking, letting the engine take some of the load off heated brake rotors or drums, although I wouldn't do that with a trailer.If you are going down a long hill put the transmit ion in 2 or L to let the engine slow you down.. This is not needed in normal driving but when towing a trailer or with a few passengers it will keep the brakes from overheating.on older cars when you were towing or other wise heavely loaded you could shif the transmission down to a lower gear for help on the hills and in taking off from a stop and shift manualy up in the gear range . this all came from the early days of automatic transmissions when people were used to manual trans and still wanted to shif for themselves.
good question i did many when i was doing them they come out easy but it has a charge in it a static charge will deploy it , and their is a sticker on the back that will tell you this device will cause death if handled improperly, there is a two yellow wires and disconnecting the battery will not mater but disconnect anyway, it has a power coil in the car the bag can deploy up to 45 minutes even if battery disconnected OK when its removed the part that would normally face you in the car turn it around and make always face away from you and put it on a bench or something face up do not face down OK if it deploys it will be a rocket, it uses ammonia sulfate its a chemical that burns and expands very rapidly well as fast as a air bag deploys OK never hold it close to you and if you ever seen the way it packaged you will understand why, they do not transport these thing by air only train and land cause they can cause horrific problems be very careful screws behind the bag removes the and you are suppose to have a license to do this i seen a guy in a shop that was careless and it deployed he grounded it the yellowy wire and broke two ribs broke his nose two black eyes and had to have his ear put back on they are not a toyWhy would you want to?   You may investigate the option of just removing the fuse or having the airbags shut off.  In any case, I would recommend not doing it yourself because it will destroy the interior of your car and you'll have a hard time getting it back together.  My recommendation would be to hire a mechanic.
Sorry to hear of your misfortunes.  Please check the Social Services Dept. in your area and/or maybe some churches....something will turn up..maybe a dealership will see the desperate need you have and even donate you one...they should...it is a write-off for them on their taxes..I wish you the best of luck!!!call pimp my ride and give them a beat up bike and they will probably buy you a new car tell them your story.This is a long shot, but if there isn't an organization that will help, you should start one! Let your community know that you need help, it's worth a try.
The only way to turn off the DTR is by pulling the fuse.Don't think you can change the lights, they're made to come on all the time.  You should be able to unlock all the doors with the power lock system so you can get back in later.  Otherwise, call and ask the dealer for help with your options.on some early model gms you can push the emergancy brake petal just about 1/4 to 1/2 inch down and the daytime running lights will shut off.  As far as the unlocking the door thing you should be able to reprogram that through the mall program fuse and the keyless remote.  Look in your owners manual i have a 99  grand prix and was able to reprogram al that stuff.  If you cant find anything call the dealership and ask them they should be able to help you.
I know that wheels appear to be moving backwards in film because the wheel of the tire doesn't make one full rotation each frame so the wheel appears to be a little farther back. When this is all plays together in a film reel, it appears as though the wheels are moving backwards.it is an illusionmy dad told me it has something to do with the difference between the time it takes to rotate one revolution and the camera speed.  The wheel is really turning about 90% of the way around each time that the video camera captures it but when it's replayed it looks like its going backwards.  I remember my dad using a poloroid camera to show me.  He took a bicycle wheel and marked a line on the tire then he spun the wheel.  Before the line would get back to the starting point he would take a picture.  Then he would take another picture before it got around to where the last picture was.  After about 10 times around he stack the poloroids up in order then flipped through them quickly and the mark on the wheel looked like it was going backwards!A trick of the light... Your eyes can actually take in only so much at a time, and your brain has to process that information...  You can't see an airplane propeller spinning at 3000 rpm, you just get a sense of a blurry space where the propeller is spinning.. . At certain speeds, your eyes will tend to "catch" sight of a rotating object at key points.  If those points appear at identical positions at the right times, it appears that the object is stationary.  If the object rotates a little bit faster, we percieve that it rotates one direction, if the object slows down, we percieve it rotating in a different direction.. . The effects become more pronounced in artificial lighting, as fluorescent lights have a very minor "flicker" at 60 cycles per second.  The human eye can't normally percieve this in quality lights, but cheaper models may flicker more, and the amount of electricity from that wire being used also has an effect.. . On television, you are limited to 24 frames per second, so the effect becomes even more pronounced on TV.  Also, if you use a video recorder to record a TV, the signals rarely sync up, and thus you will percieve a flicker on the recorded set.. . LCD and Plasma monitors do not work the same way, and will present a steady image if captured on video.Your eyes cannot process the reflected light fast enough.  It only processes about a fraction. So it sees random snap shots and your brain smooths it out.  Something depending on each snap shot it make more sence to your brain if it spins backwords,Stroboscopic effect to give it it's full nameIllusion effect!Wierd one at that.To be honest, i always thought that it was the hub caps (the silver things that cover your wheel) . I've seen ones that spin when the wheel moves and as it slows down they stop spinning. Maybe i'm wrong!In short, that effect is due to the relationship of light to the slow speed of the camera used to create the commercial and the speed at which the wheels are turning.. . (much like disco balls which make people appear as if they are in slow motion)Your point has been noted, from now on all car adverts are going to be shot with the car travelling in reverse, just for you.. . a large hair dryer will be used to blow the occupants hair towards the back of the car to make it look like they are driving forwards,. happy nowIt is an optical sensation, or illusion.
either rain is hitting your radiator, or some other liquid, that instantly evaporates. either that or you have a coolant leak, (BAD)could be radiator leak or blown head gasketIt could be all of the things that were mentioned, I would suggest  that you find out what it is because it could lead to more serious problems in the future.   Steam means that you are losing coolant, if the level gets low enough you could overheat and cause additional problems.. . Good Luckcracked head or blown head gasketCheck all of the coolant hoses under the hood.  Probably one of the 2 going back to the firewall to feed the heater core.  Those are called heater hoses.  There's probably a pin hole in one of them.  Fix it fast!!  You can go to the parts store and buy it in bulk....just a 4 or 5 food section should do....it will be 5/8" heater hose.It could be the water pump seal,raditor.or as simple as a hose leaking.
There's usually a slight shortage of gas coincidentally before a big travel date. Ain't it the damnedest thing?It's a holiday weekend. Demand will be upThat is easy---GREED.Wow that's cheap I paid $3.19 today 6/28/06 in CApeople will be traveling...its a holiday...and what the above answer saidbecause the government and oil companies are in together to screw us all and make the big $$$$ just think the oil co. are making record profits and the poor are just getting poorer its all about the $$$ maybe everyone should start taking the bus or ride bikes and walk or maybe we should do like the amish and ride horse and buggies everywere they seem to be living good.Because people are greedy and know alot of people will be driving over holiday weekends, so they know they can make alot of money. . Rules of supply and demand. . We want it, so they supply it.  At a higher cost.Demand for gasoline rises during a holiday weekend. Thus prices go up. It's called supply and demand. By the way, could you ship me some of that cheap gas. (I live in SoCal- enough said)
drain as much gas out as possible. use a jack or something similar to support the tank, unbolt the filler assembly from the body, remove the straps holding the tank and slowly lower until you can disconnect the fuel pump assembly from the lines. If you are really mechanical, you can remove the bed from the frame to make access easier.whats the matter with your tank,does it got a hole ,if so if its on the side or bottom ,you can drain as much gas out of it as possible then jack up the side away from the leak and go get jb weld and put it on the hole and let it set over night till it bonds then you can fill it up again.(it is good stuff,i used it before on a trans.and it never leaked again)Before removing the gas tank, be sure and eat 2 full orders of tater tots. Then, theres nothing you can do to mess it up. You'll be fine!
put in new seals all around . And good auto body shop can do this and it does not cost much ..TRY CHANGING THE RUBBER SEAL AROUND THE DOORS AND TRUNKreplace the sealsSounds like the back windshield.  Maybe try a glass shop.PLUG THE HOLE! ! !! !Maybe...try checking the seal around your windshield and windows and see if that needs repair or replacing...also...maybe check your defrost and vents for possible leaks....also the molding around the doors????
SUZUKI IS BETTER FOR MOTOR CYCLISTSSuzuki is much betterI believe Isuzu is the oldest car company in Japan.  I drove one of their P'ups for 167,000 miles before selling it.  I wouldn't have any qualms about buying another.Both are good brands; Suzuki probably has better reliability across the board. In fact, I consider it to be the "unknown" Honda of Japanese automobiles.. . I have friends at a dealership that sells Suzuki and two other Asian nameplates that I won't name here.. . It is kind of like the proverbial Maytag repairman scenario, once the Suzukis are sold they never see 'em again!
The most economic way of transporting scooter is through rail only.. . By transporting through road , the cost is very high compared to the rail and also by travelwise it is more comfort and convenient.pour red bull into the gas tank.....it gives you wings...!!!
Maybe a freon leak or maybe it's the cool air hitting the cold.The moisture in the air, when cooled by the a/c, will cause condensation like 'mist'. Happens in humid areas, esp. after rain.depends could be dust, or if it smells like a hospital it might be freon, if its more wattery that means the drain is cloged try looking at the fire wall on the pass side look for a small rubber tube and squeeze itDoes it have an odor? If not than its just condensationCondisation,  in high humidity times this can happen.  If you notice a haze on the inside of your windshield check the heater core.  A pin hole can do this.  An overcharged AC system can cause the air to appear as mist similar to your breath in winter.Have your heater core checked, the cold air blows through it, even when the heat is off. its possible you could have a bad hot water shut off valve, cold air passing through the core could cause condensation if the heater core is hot!!! AUTO TECH 22 YEARSAnthraxis it liquid mist? or just really fine dust? There should be a drain hose under the car to release the humidty. You can check it by looking under the car when the air has been on for a while, you should see a spot where it looks like water is leaking from under the car, if you don't see this it has probably been plugged with something so all the condensation is building up in the system and eventually reached the point that it is being forced out by the air circulationCondensation, looks like steam, no odor,usually happens when you roll a window down or open a door,,,if it has a fishy type odor you probably have a heater core leak,,,
Simulated tops or vinyl roofs..can be cleaned with mild soap and water and a soft brush. Deep crevices which trap dirt will come clean with patience .Once the top is clean to your satisfaction with soap and water..PROTECT IT with ARMOUR ALL or some other surface protectora what?
the seatbelt law is just a money maker for the states/cities. Millions of children ride around on school buses everyday with out seatbelts. The seatbelts are a saftey device, and should be used, but the laws are more money makers then for safty issues.  Helmets are more for saftey, the anything, and should be common sence.It's a law because the government's job is to protect us, even sometimes from ourselves.  Sure, it's a free country, but that's why there's a speed limit, too.  People will do 120 mph and cause devistating, fatal crashes if it's not policed.  It's the same thing.  Auto safety must be enforced, much as I sometimes dislike wearing a seatbelt.. . The best way is to just ignore the problem.  Put your seatbelt on and don't worry about it.  It's really not THAT important on the grand scale of things, is it?  It may seem overbearing, but the best way is to not worry about it.. . And yes, it is your life.  Unlike the fatal crashes where they're also worried about other people's lives, this is just you.  But there's a parallel.   They're saving your life when they police the meat industry for health-code violations.  They may be cutting off your ability to buy the meat, but aren't you a damn sight happier?  No need to complain.  It's just a law, man.ok, say your in a car with me and im not wearing my safety belt.  something happens and we get into an accident, the car rolls, and since im not wearing my belt, i roll on you with the force of the speed the car is traveling, and rolling.  i kill you.  still want me to have my own choice? or do you want to live?Because if you fly through the windsheild, you are less likely to be able to control your vehicle, thus possibly endangering more lives. LOL Seriously sometimes multiple collisons can happen when only one would have. Keeping it buckles does help protect others.I feel these type laws are more for money generated thru fines than safety. Most if not all states require seat belts in a car but many don't require a helment on a motorcycle. So I wonder, would I be more safe riding on my hood? Helments and seatbelts should be a personal choiceIt might be your life, but when you get a head injury becuase you weren't wearing your seat belt, everyone's insurance rates and medical costs goes up.  But that's okay, you just don't wear your helmet, go as fast as you can.because when you end up in the hospital its the government tax payer flip the bill and medical cost are only part of it , the safer you are the cheaper it's proven in the long run when in a wreck the police come that's cost fire department comes that's money the ambulance comes that's money and then the brain surgeon at the emergency wants paid but most people don't either have enough medical ins or non at all and its to help with that and also its revenue for the department to site some one for not wearing one its a fine and the fine makes revenue and there is just  list of things why, but believe me its not that they care its all about money they could care less if you spill your brains all over they just don't want to pay for the clean upBecause when you get seriously injured from NOT wearing protective gear when you might have walked away with minor injuries, then it becomes everyone else's problem.  . . The idea of insurance or governmental programs is that it spreads cost over a large group of people.  How much do you suppose it might cost to maintain you in a partially paralyzed state for life?  I say it would be fine for you to do what you want if you posted a two million dollar bond in escrow somewhere.  If a bad thing happens, then its on your tab.  It is in the public interest that you NOT unnecessarily seriously injure yourself...therefore we have laws.dont wear a helmet its your problem, but make sure that if you get hurt dont come camplaining afterWork in an emergency room sometime and you will never drive a vehicle without your seat belt or ride a motorcycle without a helmet. There is a saying ER personnel say "Riding a motorcycle without a helmet is a organ donor waiting to happen".The government believes that we are unable to think or care for ourselves, thats why there are laws like this in the books....personally, I believe the government should stict to national defence.....As long as you're willing to sign a release so that my tax (and insurance) dollars don't pay for your medical bills when the insurance runs out or take care of your family when you're dead or keep you on life support for 20 years, I will concede to your right to drive without a belt or helmet.. . Until such time, belt up and use the brain bucket!. . I used to drive an ambulance.  We referred to your type as "organ donors."I AGREE THE GOVERNMENT SHOULD STOP MEDDELING IN EVERYONES AFFAIRS.THE ONLY THING THEY WANT TO DO IS SIGN THEIR NAME ON A BILL.Yeah. Isn't it funny that we can abort a child but we can't drive around without a seatbelt on?Hmmm...because the cops are tired of sweeping people up off the side of the road with a broom, and blotter paper? LOL. . Basically, law enforcement wants people to try and be safe...you may feel all brave and heroic, but physics doesn't play. You can bend the road rules, but the laws of physics will slap you down like a little bitch if you cross Mother Nature...that highway may look innocent, but look down out the window or off your bike sometime when you're doing about 70....that's a concrete/asphalt BELT SANDER, and washing you off the road isn't anyone's idea of a good time...ride/drive smart, or stay off the road...you'll live longer...Because the insurance industry wanted it that way to reduce their liability. A lot of laws are in place because the insurance industry wants it that way. If you want it otherwise, you'll have to become aware of bills coming up for consideration and try to counter the insurance industry instead of sitting at home chokin' the chicken...
first you want to make sure you are gonna have all the parts you might need you will need besides the gas tank probably a new filler neck and the gaskets and possibly replacement straps depending what shape they are in.  Then your best bet is to wait till the car is on "Empty" and then have it where your going to want it and let it idle until it runs out of gas so you won't have to worry about catching something on fire.  Then u will have to unbolt the straps but they might be to rusted then you will have to cut the straps off and then the tank will drop down you should put a jack right under the tank and have it supporting the gas tank before you unbolt the straps completely and then you will have disconnect the sending unit and you need to very careful so that not to break it cause it is very fragile then you cause put in the new gas tank which is the easy part and you will have to use to jack again to hold the gas tank in place while you are bolting down the strapshttp://www.faqfarm.com/Q/FAQ/868undo the strapes, un bolt it, drop it, drain it, un do the hoses,un plug the elegtrical conections, then reverse the order to put it back up.
When I read your question, two possibilities came to my mind: low profitability, and/or legislation.. . It could be possible that, because of Mass's population density and economic geography, your state is a "high risk" state. In other words, the gross payouts in claims is high compared to receipts in premiums.. . The other possibility is legislation. Perhaps the laws and regulations in Mass make it difficult to write insurance in your state. It used to be worse in NJ, but it got better. We now have those companies writing in NJ, to the benefit of the public (I carry GEICO, who used to not write two years ago).small stateMassachusetts regulates auto insurance and only uses two or three insurance companies.  I live in Mass and know this is a huge pain in the butt! I'd like to save alot on car insurance but It just isn't going to happen in this state.I would guess it's because of state regulations and high risks.. http://www.insure-a-car.com/I remember many years ago (late '70s) when I was applying to M.I.T., the material they sent me said that MA had the highest rate of car theft in the nation.  I don't know if that's still the case after more than 25 years, but if so, that could cause there to be few insurance companies there.. . I know it's maybe the only state left in which Geico won't insure.High fraud and strict regulations.  Two things that insurance companies don't want to mess with...
I have seen blown blower resistors three times in two different Chevy Cavaliers.  2/3 times the resistor itself looked fine, but was bad.. . If you have a multimeter, you can measure the resistance...much better than visual inspection.That would probably be the blower motor switch. Each speed setting has its own resistor to determine the differant speeds. One resistor could be bad and look fine while the others work perfectly. The switch is most likely located on the blower motor box itself.Resistor is bad, blower motor going bad, or bad switch.. Trust me I've been a tech for three hundred years! lolrelaythere,s a fan relay that mounts behind the glove box,you can gain access to it fairly easy,they burn out on chevy,s very often,,mine just went out over winter,,and all i had was 3/4 its about 20 bucks at advance to fix,,good luck.Some gm products use an auxiliary fuse, mounted in a special fuse holder on the firewall right above the engine.... maybe your problem, not sure. Good luck!switchbad switch replace itIT'S PROBABLY THE SWITCH IT'S SELF;
google it ..get a map ..it will tell you exactly how to do it...Have a safe triphitch-hike!planeYou can take the Amtrak Surfliner (train) from San Diego to San Juan Capistrano.  See links below for schedules and prices.. . Greyhound (bus) doesn't seem to go there.
They sell a "trickle charger" for that. Don't jump start it off your car though. You can buy a motorcycle trickle charger for about $30. It's just a little 6 volt charger that you plug into your household outlet and attach to the battery. Pos. to pos. (red)and neg. to neg.(black) If you got the battery new without fluid in it, take it back. As long as you have a full fluid level your good to go.New it should be fully charged. If it is not, then it may be defective and should be returned asap.. The trickle-charger is a good thing to have, but mainly to top off the charge when the bike has been sitting for a while.make sure its full of acid, if not fill it and it is charged. If its new and has acid but not charged put it on a charger or take it back. If its new it should be ready to goyes, remove the caps to allow pressure release while initially charged.....remembr to re-install them before installing battery in bike....some batteries come with a plastic filler for the acid, it is very simple to fill battery without spilling....DO NOT OVERFILL!!!Use a trickle charger for at least 12 hours6 hours in trickle charging, the charging specially done for new battery. You can not do it at home go to a battery shop and ask him to charge the battery and don't forget to mention it is new.
probably hooked up wrong. or maybe a short in it.It could be set where it's too sensitive and people even getting near the car are setting it off.I f your meaning is ,  Why does it arm even if you do not use either the door lock or the remote it is because of a bad microswitch in the drivers door lock.  The car thinks the door is shut and locked even if it is not.  You will have to replace the drivers door lock assy to make it work properly.
There are 2 scenerios when you would need a co-signer.  One is when you are younger and have little or no work experience/ income.....so your parents co-sign for you.  The other is when you work and the car you want is a little out of reach for you based on credit scores or income, so you add another person to help you qualify.First-time car buyers usually need it if their credit is not established.  Also some places, like our Toyota dealership, does a college buyer program, where if your credit isn't the best, your payments are based on the credit of your co-signer and you pay less "extra" money.Usually when you have bad credit or when the buyer is too young. Happens to teenager who want to get a car or people who have bad or no credit.If you are young and haven't established credit yet.. If you have poor credit or a low credit score.. If you don't have enough credit.. If you have filed bankruptcy.You need a co-signer if the lender determines you're financially-unqualified to buy the car on your own. The idea is that they'll be able to hold someone responsible for the loan who'll actually have the income that would allow the lender to squeeze it out of them in court, if it comes to that.. . They can't very well hope to squeeze you if they know nothing'll come out when they do, right?You will need a co-signer if your credit history is not good enough to prove to the lender that you are capable of repaying the loan on your own.None of these answers doing it for you? . Sometimes none of the answers get it just right. If so, pick "No Best Answer". . Voters DO NOT get any points for voting on the No Best Answer.WHEN YOU HAVE BAD CREDIT OR NO CREDITWell it all depends on your credit score and how high the interest will be without a co signer.credit standing is poor and or your income is not enough and outstanding debts to manyThe times most finance companies ask for a cosigner are if you are a first time buyer ( no credit) or if you have some rough spots on your credit, and also if you have fairly new credit and havent paid any revolving accounts for at least a year on time.
stick your head under the dash and you can see the clutch saftey switch that has two wires going to it  move the cluch and you can see how it works.   it has only two wires....just splice these two wires together... as for a kill switch...forget it ...the clutch saftey switch only interupts the current going to the starter relay...nothing else....thus you can push start the car even with a bad clutch saftey switchDon't do it. It's a safety idem so your car will not start in gear. . It may only be out of adjustment, or just replace it thy don't cost that much.As said above, there are 2 wires to switch but there may be 4 wires, some switches also tell ecm(computor) when you are pushing on pedal, so be careful which wires you cross, better off with a wiring diagram if there are more than 2 wires
Selfish disrespect for society and others.. It is a huge problem here on the DC Metro too.. If I'm next to them, I make them move and hold on.  I stand right next to them.It's more comfortable than just standing.  If no seats are available, leaning on the bars can be the next best thing.Just lean on me.While it's inconsiderate for people to do when the train is crowded, I lean on bars and window panes in the direction the train is moving as an alternative to using my arms.  If you lean the direction the train is moving, you don't have to hold onto anything when it slows down.i dont do it when they are many ppl around and need tohold it for support. but sometimes when im really tired, i lean against it and sleep.dude it makes them feel coolit helps supporting the tired body
Sounds like valve sealsit sound like it has an oil leak. neons have a problem with head gasket leaks. take it to a shop shop and they can put it up on the hoist to see if its leaking.first of all were is the smoke comming from UR tail pipe or from under the hood?. if is under the hood then oil leak either from head gaskets or oil sending mod.  if from tail pipe well u got a more series problem and will have to take it to a mech. for pro.help k
so if the car slips out of gear it will roll into the curb and not in traffic...So if it starts to roll (like if your parking brake gives way), it rolls into the curb, and not out onto the street.down hill -to the curb. up hill - from the curb. . that is so if your car rolls it won't go into traffic it will hit the curb and hopefully stop.If your car starts to roll it will have the curb to keep it from going all the way down the hill.  This was a more common practice with standard transmissions.In case your brakes decide to stop working, your car will follow the way the wheel is turned and roll against the curb--hopefully stopping its descent toward other parked cars.Picture what will happen if your brake comes loose.  With your wheels turned properly the curb will keep your car from rolling.so if the car's brake loosen, the car will back into the curbTO KEEP IT FROM ROLLING BACK ON THE HILLjust in case. Then you turn into the curb.doesn't matter in or out as long as the car turns and doesnt go straight to the bottomThat way the car cannot roll off the hill as easily as if it is just sitting there with the wheels straight.  I also suggest putting on your emergency brake.I believe the consensis is that if your car should loose breaks and start to roll if your wheels are turned then it will roll minimuly sideways rather than down hill, know what I mean?. . I think and it makes sense to me....Because it is more dificult for the car to roll should the gear let out or thebrake let off or something like that.  If they are straight then the car can roll much easier and further is something goes wrong.You turn your wheels on a hill in case the car pops out of gear or the parking brake fails. When the car rolls, the front end will roll into the curb instead of another car or down the hill. Turn the steering wheel all the way to the left when parking uphill, to the right for downhill.SO IT DOESNT FALL DOWN THE HILL DUH!!!!!!!!Some people feel that if you turn the wheel when parking on a hill it will slow down or prevent a car from rolling, if the car was to lose its breaks. Or if the E brake broke. However in my state that is considered a dirty wheel because it will make people assume that there is someone in the vehicle trying to pull out of a spot.
Tighten the gas cap first, then go for serviceMy Ford Explorer did the same thing.  They ran it through the computer and it was fine.  Something was wrong with the switch for the light and it had to be replaced.  You will need to go the a service department to get it checked out.it literally means to take it to a mechanic. they'll tell you exactly what it is. sometimes its just a faulty light coming on saying "check engine" :)You can range from a random misfire.....on cylinder fires when it shouldn't........to a small pinhole in the evap system. auto zone will say well you have a code P04016......do you know what its means? I have a book that has a list of codes. anything could give you the light, with the exception of oil changes, that why you have a change oil liight in the car. We call them idiot lights. YOU WILL NOT BLOW UP YOUR ENGINE!! You'll just run like a junkerCheck all the fluid levels - that is a good starting point.  Check to see if there is anything else that is obvious.  If nothing stands out, get the owner's manual out and have a good read - the answer will be in there.like the first person said could be an o2 sensor everytime you turn your key the engine does a check on itself and the o2 sensor isnt tested all the time thats why it could have turned off...but really the sky is the limit better get it checked outit means you most likely have an engine problem, transmission or something serious most likely, go to a mechanic before it gets worseIt usually means you need a maintenace on your car...oil chance trans fluid and suchuh the turkeys done................ CHECK ENGINE PRETTY SELF EXPLANATORYcheck engine light means.... check engine! pretty self explanatory.Not necessarily. BUT It does mean time to spend money. You have to go to a garage and they put your car on a computer and then reset the light. I think it is more of a scam than anything, BUT I don't have the computer to reset it.It could just be your o2 censor, but you never know.. Get it checked out.You have some type of sensor going out or if you feel your gas tank too full it will come on.The check engine light could mean a number of things.  Go to Auto Zone they will check what it is for free.  They have this little hand held machine they hook up to your car and it can tell them exactly what is wrongCheck Engine light. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. (Redirected from "Check Engine" Light). Jump to: navigation, search. A "Check Engine" Light or Service Engine Soon is an indicator of the internal status of a car engine. It is found on the instrument console of most automobiles. When illuminated, it is typically either a red or amber color.. . The "Check Engine" Light, also sometimes known as a MIL (Malfunction Indicator Lamp), can illuminate for any of a very large number of reasons. Typically, the reason is not serious enough to affect drivability of the vehicle. Common causes include: loose gas cap, vehicle due for scheduled maintenance, or problems with the emmision control system (i.e., charcoal canister or oxygen sensor).. . This light became required on passenger cars due to emission control legislation in California, with the intention that the light would illuminate if there was a problem which would cause the vehicle to have excessive pollutant emissions. The owner would be aware that the emission control system needed to be serviced, and would be prevented from renewing their registration in the state of California. [citation needed]. . The "Check Engine" Light can also illuminate for reasons which may affect drivability, so it is advisable that one have the vehicle examined by a mechanic at one's earliest convenience. A preliminary diagnostic check can be performed by retrieval of the "trouble code" which has caused the light to illuminate. The cost of hooking up a diagnostic computer to retrieve said code varies greatly. Many dealerships charge $99 for this service.[citation needed] Private mechanics typically charge between $50 and $75[citation needed] while AutoZone offers the service for free.. . Once a "trouble code" has been pulled, the technician will have a better idea of what the problem may be. These codes are seldom specific, but instead tend to relate to a system of complex parts, thus requiring further diagnosis. Said diagnosis will require paying the hourly labor fee of a skilled technician.[citation needed]Check your fluids If they are full, then you might want to get the oil changed, or take it in and have the sensors checkedthat u need to check ur engine or it could b from faulty weiring!i have a ford escort and the check engine has been on since the 2ed day i owned the car. at first i thought there was some problems so i too it to the shop several times and nothing, so i put a picture over the light and just cruz! good luck. i suggest you get someone to look at it before you ignore it thoughsometimes u don't turn the engine off when pumping gas...the light comes onyour computer detects that something is not working propertlyThe check engine light could mean one of a hundred things. check to see if you are leaving your gas cap loose that's almost what it sounds like, there are few things that will let the light reset itself that is the most common.it means goto your dealership ASAP.. . there are so many things linked to the check engine... over heating..o2 sensor..Take you car to Auto Zone and they can run a system diagnostics test to find out what it could possibly be. The test is FREE!  It could be something as simple as your air filter being dirty. If Auto Zone tells you its your O2 sensor, check the air filter first before replacing the sensor. That was the problem with mine. Good luck
Tourist Trophy - Isle of Man is the most famous of these types of races. They're essentially time trials done on public roads.Trophy Trialsin MotoGP racing, Assen is the only race designated as a "TT" rather than a 'GP". It is also the only track that has been on the MotoGP calendar every year since it started back in 1949.I agree, Tourest Trophy - Isle of Mann is the best.Tourist Trophy  Research ISle of Mann TT races. Greatest rider there ever?  Mike Hailwood!I believe that it means "time trials"
It is a little plunger type switch on the transmission, when the linkage moves it pushes the switch in (on) and it is easy to replace yourself if that is indeed the problem, one small bolt is holding it on and a small flange that fits only one way keeps it from moving around.  Check the switch, maybe the bolt has fallen out or loosened up and all one needs to do is re-tighten the existing switch to make it work.  NyeYou should take it to a mechanic.
This could be one of a few things:.     1.  If the wires are colored red, black, and white; and your spotlight is equipped with a motion sensor, then the red gets hooked up to the black feed.  the Black should already be hooked up to the motion sensor..     2.  If there are two black wires and one white wire, then both black wires get connected to the black feed, as they are the feeds for the individual lights..     3.  If the third wire is green or bare copper, then it is the ground and should be connected to the ground coming from the source, which should also be attached by a screw to the body of the mounting box (if metal).. . I hope that it is one of these configurations, as they are the most common found in security lighting.  Take it from me, I am an electrician.Perhaps it's the ground wire?wow lot of morons answering this well heres what i would say if you have 3 wires it could be becouse you have a fog lap and a driving lap like a doul pourpose lamp or it could be a jumper to another light but what i wuld do is upen it up and see where it conects probably a doul filement bulbProbably a ground wire.  Prevents shocksTHIS IS THE GROUND WIRE THIS NEEDS TO BE ATTACHED  AND GROUNDED SO THAT THE LIGHTS DONOT BLOW ANOTHER FUSE AND BULBPower take off . Warning light . Auxilliary accessory. . Jules. Auto Tech and Lecturer.What color is the wire??  Bare copper is for grounding to receptacle housing.  Black is for Voltage.   White is for Ground or neutral.  Red is for Voltage of a 3 wire conductor.  Green is for ground to the receptacle housing.the red one?. its used if you want to put more than one spot (dif locations) on together.you put a 2wire between them
that is a stupid questionBecause we can and we do.Because we are all insane! English is the worst battered language there is!lolyou can pick your friends but don't pick your nose.. you can prick your finger but don't finger your prick. your question ? I don't know.you go to the park on parkway and you go to drive from your driveway
USE FUEL SAVER UPTO 19%. SEE ITS VIDEO HERE: http://tinyurl.com/jzs3u. . THEY ARE SYING THAT THIS WILL BECOME THE DARLING OF MILLIONS OF CAR DRIVER WORLDWIDE. TRY IT.your spark plug is probbably fouled up brush it off with gas and a tooth brush. if that doesn't work then you will have to run carb cleaner through the carb and maybe take it off and apart to do this.take the sparkplug out,clean it off then,just alittle gas into the head,put the sparkplug back in.it should go.Try a new plug, it probablly got fouled. If that doesn't do it, the things to check are compression, spark and fuel.is it a riding mower or push,if it is on the push mower pull the tank and carburetor riding mower drain the bowel on the bottom of carburetter and change the spark plugsTell your father he owes you a new lawn mower.Drain the engin.
The light indicates that the emergency signal priority system is interrupting the normal cycle of the signal to let traffic in the direction of the emergency vehicle to continue through the intersection.  This helps to get the emergency vehicle through because it removes vehicles that would otherwise be stopped in their path.If you are talking about the little white spot light that is an emergency vehicle warning lightThey are emergency vehicle alerts. If a firetruck, ambulance or police car needs to get past traffic to answer a call, the strobe flashes to warn drivers to yield to the emergency vehicle.in my town they are used to alert you of approaching emergency vehiclesBelieve it or not, most people do not notice stop lights, and that is why so many people run them. They are too busy doing something other than paying attention to their driving. So they install those strobe lights to draw attention to it.. It works, you noticed it. (smile). . God bless you. carol Martin
i am not sure on this but i think it is in the fuel tank electric  bluehawkget a boyfriend to change it for you but make sure he has a clue firstfirst you have to drop the tank far enough to get acess to the fuel lines and then disconnect the lines from the gas tank. disconnect any wires you have. then unbolt the fuel pump and put in the new one and reconnect everything.  REMEMBER TO PUT A JACK UNDER THE TANK WHEN TAKING IT OFF AND DROPPING IT
You would need a stiff rubber that could support the weight of the car without loosing its shape and that would be something extremely stiff which would lead to an extermely uncomfrotable ride and would not have any bounce therefore it would not abosrd any of the road hazards.. It would be very dangerous because it would not grip the road as well and at high speeds because of its rigidity you would loose control at the first turn.. when braking you would again have no grip because of the rigidity and would skid even at the slowest speeds.My guess is that all rubber tires would be much more expensive and also not give a comfortable ride in vehicle. (And just think of all those air pumps that charge a couple bucks that would go out of business...LOL)if it's not made of rubber sch as wood or metal then, it'll get hammered.... so .....then you won't ride so comfortable..... and then, if it's rubber it has the strength,...and the durability.  By pumping air into them, it becomes as hard as the mettal, so it becomes hard and durable and comfortable.The air provides cushioning. Without air, it would be very bumpy and harsh on you and the car. VERY bumpy.If they were mad only of rubber it would be very heavy and gas consumption would rise, plus is less expensive to make a hollow tube than to fill it up with somethingBecause no one can make a suspension that could handle solid wheels. In addition the unsprung weight would make turning the car difficult. Air makes the tires grip the road better by allowing the tread to conform to whatever surface they are in contact with. Also air allows the tires to run cooler. Tires began as solid rubber and the shortcomings became evident even at 15 MPH.all rubber will aways be bounce. air absorbs the in pack and runs smoothAll Rubber are actually worse for a car, but they do last longer.  The problem is, to get tires of solid rubber made to right size fro a car, it would take a whole lot of rubber and they would be so expensive that no one would be able to afford them and tire companies would lose money in production of them.slick tyres would slip on wet roadsgeez this ahs been asked so many times.  if all rubber your ride would not be comfortble..your suspension would get hammered...etc
Close to 100% People here are impatient and don't realize that it won't get you to where you are going any faster.They have to to pee and try to hurry you up.Ive noticed that retarded young kids that just got their liscence and men in SUV's and plumers trucks do this most.. The kids are young and stupid and just need an accident to learn not to do that.. The men are probably not happy with their station in life, and try to compensate by appearing to be dominating on the highway.The problem isn't tailgating it is that people drive in the left lane when they shouldn't.  The left lane is for passing, and most people will stay in the left lane and wont let anyone pass them.  Because of this people tailgate until the person in front of them moves over.All you other people who answered, type faster, and get out of my way !!!. ;-)I never do, so by simple mathematics, it cannot be 100 percent, at least while I'm alive. However, I do my best to reduce the number of tailgaters by pulling my emergency brake when people tailgate me, thus converting them from a tailgater to one who keeps an extraordinarily-safe distance between them and me. If you see a silver Neon with an American flag sticker on the back window, it would be in your best interest to stay off my azz unless you want to be making cash payments to me in large bills each month for many years.Probably a pretty low percentage, but the ones that do can really stick out in your memory.. . But also depends on how close you consider to be tailgating.. . I think a lot of people don't even realize that they are doing it.  I have had people tailgating me when the next lane is completely clear, and if they wanted to pass ahead of me they could.how would i know...not to b meanId say 99% at least where I live. I think its because we are all in a hurry. ( or at least that's what we tell ourselves)Its dangerous and I hate someone doing it to me . But I`m guilty of it too at times.
by selling them the car, they pay you, you pay off the bank, they sign a new loan with a bank and have payments of their own.. . for someone to take over your payments you are risking them to pay on time, if they are late they don't care, it doesn't effect them.  more or less you are just renting them the car, nothing more.Have them get a car loan from a bank. Once they have the check, they give it to you. You pay off the car loan, on your name, then the car belongs to their bank.Normally and most perfered by the finance industry is for the buyer to pay you and you pay your loan off.  Though, if you and the buyer contact your lending institution, they may make all arangements.   As for a buyer just to take over your loan payments without you still being responsible in the eyes of the lending institution, I really don't think so.Find out how much your car is "worth" (Kelly Blue Book), according to the condition of the car, mileage, etc.. . Call the bank and find out how much you still owe on the car.. . If what you owe is greater than what it's worth, this is called being "upside down" in the car...you'll end up having to pay the bank the difference between the two.. . Otherwise, when you reach an agreement with a buyer, accept certified funds from them for payment for the car, take that to the bank and have them apply the amount equal to what is owed on the loan to pay off the car (you get to keep the rest!).  Then you can transfer the title to the new owner and he'll have payments of his own.If you added stuff to your car; I suggest you to sell it for 500 more than what is on the blue book. not dealership because you'll loose money..
Go to the driver's license place and take the written tests, then take the driving test. But you gotta pass the tests to get it.some trucking companies give you a test for cdl then you take a drug test if you pass they want you to drive for them till you get them payed back.try tractor trailer driving school
The dealer invoice may not be the bottom value of price negotiation.  Dealer holdbacks and incentives can reduce the true bottom value by hundreds or even a thousand dollars or more.. It is sometimes possible to buy a car below the dealers cost on the invoice in those cases.. Consumer reports offers a report for sale for a specific car model to tell you what the true bottom negotiating value is.www.edmunds.com will get you the true market value - the closest any consumer will get to the actual invoice price.. . even if the dealer shows you the invoice, there are other incentives the dealer may receive which are not shown on the invoice.kelly blue book kbb.comAsk the dealer to see the invoice.when you go the the dealer, insist on seeing the actual invoice. They have to show it you.
Your in a Grand Prix for christ sakes buy a performance car if you want to go over 100 mph. All you are gonna accomplish is hurting yourself real bad when your "R" rated tires pop doing 100+ mph. Not to mention the governor is there for a reason that car simply cant handle at those speeds.If you are talking about an engine governor, there is no such thing.  The engine has what is referred to as a rev limiter and it is part of the ECM or PCM, or known as the chip.  Modern engines wont rev over 6000 or so unless the computer is refitted with a performance chip.  Also the shift points with A/T is pre-determined and is also controlled by the PCM/ECM.If you have an automatic transmission your car does not have a governor. It has an electronic speed sensor. It is located in the valve body of the transmission. (not an easy fix) G.M. Part # is 10456509 about 20 bucks. btw your transmission is called a 4T65E. Good Luck.just fyi. . they put a fuel shut off on your can because of your tires.. most car tires are rated for 100mph and under.. get z rated tires then go get a superchip programmer.. problem solvedspend $100 and get this. easy to put in, and you get more then just your rev limitor removed.. . http://www.pfyc.com/store/merchant.mv?Screen=PROD&Store_Code=PFYC&Product_Code=GP3012&Product_Count=0&Category_Code=GPUNDER
Why do you have blood stains in the trunk of your car?Why didnt you just push the car of the cliff WITH the body in it??!!!!! makes clean up a lot easier...Good one! I love it. My first car was a 70 chevy impala, nice big trunks.Couple gallons of bleach...then tourch it..Badda Bing...time was when the mob knew how to do things.animal or human, just joking, peroxide and water, approximately 10 to 15 percent peroxide, should clean it up....Lmao!!!. . What were you keeping (or who..) in the trunk of your car that would make blood stains?! That's a little suspicious lol...thats kinda scary....try some bleach or somethingTry one of those oxyclean products, they work well on just about any stain.Take it to the police department, they have a way to remove evidence...free.Well there's this stuff you can get at Dollar General. I don't know the name, but it's in a purple bottle. I think it costs two dollars. It's for removing stains from clothes. It works instantly. Trust me!Yowzers! I think the wize guys just dump their cars in lakes etc.Javax Bleach is the best, or some stronger kind of bleach. It destroys DNA too. Oh..fire works too.
Please don't air your dirty laundry in the public forums.I am not sure if you are kidding or not. chuc or chuco is Italian slang for an as$, not a polite thing to say at all, calling some one an a$s twice in one sentence
Audi is doing good because their quality of competition is decreasing. For example, the only good BMW out is the 3-series, Volvo's cars are getting slower and their reputation of safety is holding up as they used to, Saab's cars are just getting uglier, and overall Mercedes has always done poorly in terms of performance. Audi, on the other hand, always stayed with their commitment to performance and style.Because they offer a rival to BMW.The interior finish is far superior to BMW.My experience is that they are more reliable than BMW i drive an A4 hope this helpsAll car makes are doing better.Because they've offered more options within a certain line (i.e., A4, A4 quattro, S4) with different power plants to suit a wider range of people's budgets.Audi has always done good.they have better fuel economy    an A6 station wagon 2005 gets about 25 miles per gallon..... to me, that's good. a SAAB gets 16 miles per gallon and smells like the engine is burning if you go over 75 mphTHAT IS A BIG LIE. AUDI/VW AG ARE NOT DOING WELL AT ALL. PROVE IT IF YOU CAN.
Call (972)223-8050 ask for Robert Singletary...ask him to run an "OASIS" ... Tell him Robert Garcia reffered you.when ever you have service on the car (only if it's a dealership), sometimes it is printed on the service ticket.. it will be hard to find however. . As the other guy said, contact the dealership you bought it from or just ask the service manager to look it up.. . As a last thing, call Ford customer assistance and ask themCall any ford, licoln or mercury dealer and give them the VIN #. They will be able to give you the in service date imediately
A thicker head gasket will band aid the problem, but it will lower your compression a touch.  It's that or a different cam, piston or connecting rod.Have you tried indexing the cam or is the timing out by one tooth,  your valve springs can also play a big part in the problem if they are weak they wont close the valves fast enough which is known as valve float and can be very destructive.  Double check the timing as well.  Good luck with that one!try getting a thinker base plate gasket the new piston is too bigYou'll either have to keep modifying the pistons or get a cam with less duration. If the cam timing is correct, it's directly related to these two areas.The answer is obvious despite all your modifications you have not got enough clearance between your valves and piston tops.Altering the cam timing also will affect the problem you need to start again its tough but it wont cure itselfI agree with ilikecheezeb...First, what bike and who made the parts? Is it a kit or from different suppliers? Someone screwed up when they put it together. You did fit the $400.00+ heavy duty valve springs?
Unless you really screwed up the oil pan bolt hole.   You should get a over sized plug for your oil pan.  Go to any auto parts store and tell them you type of car and that you need a over size oil pan plug.. . Good Luckby coil insert I am assuming you mean a heli-coil thread replacement- the kit should have come with instructions, but, to install:. .  use the tap included in the heli-coil kit to chase the threads, clean the area carefully (chunks of metal in an oil pan are death to moving parts), place the thread replacement (helicoil) over the insertion tool with the cross tang "up" (threaded section over the tool shank) in the slot in the tool head, and line it up with the new (chased) threads, screw it into place, replace the pan plug, refill the oil pan, and you are done.
With a VERY slow watch?Need more info, do you want the timing belt marks or actual ignition timing? Also need to know if auto or manual trans since the marks are in different locations if you want ignition timing.
GTO stands for Gran Tourismo Omolagato. The nickname "goat simply came from switching GTO to GOT, and calling them Goats.A slang- stands for Grand Touring  Optimum PerformanceBecause GTO kind of looks like GOAT. True story, swear on my left pinkie toe.
When I had a similar problem, I went to my local auto glass shop and asked them for the sticky pads that they use to reattch mirrors when they replace windshield glass.. . Mine hasnt fallen off since.Go to Wal-Mart Automotive section and ask for Rear View Mirror Glue. It is a tiny package and if you follow the instructions to the letter you will not be able to pull the mirror off if you had to. I used it on my mirror and it is still on there after three years. Good thing is the price is less than $3.00 for the glue.what you need to do is go to your local car accessories shop, they sell small square double sided sticky pads but before you try and stick the mirror back on usea a solvent i.e. petrol or thinners to clean both the mirror and the glass where you are sticking the mirror to, the old glue left there breaks down the strength of the glue on the pads. then sinply stick the mirror in place
You can't actually tint the glass after it's made.  It has to be done during manufacture.. What you can do, buy the tinted plastic material sold for the purpose, and carefully apply it on the windows.www.diynetwork.com/diy/ab_windows/article/The way I use to tint auto glass years ago was 1) make sure you buy the right color , width, and length for what you are trying to tint. 2) Clean all the surface off real good with vinegar and a news paper that way it has nothing on the windows 3) make sure you have a squeegee to get all the air bubbles out. start from the middle to the outside. 4) make sure you have your tint cut out to the right amount you will need before putting it on the surface. 5)spray with windex and apply tint. make sure to get all air bubbles out with the squeegee.  Do not try to lift after applying .
if not warming up past 180 degrees it will stay open check thermostatit is possible that you have a lazy O2 sensor .Possibly your oxegen sensor is faulty despite your scanner readings being ok it wont be the first time this is the casesounds to me like a bad map sensor. but it may be that you have a wire plugged into the wrong sensor, or plugged in backward (odd, i know, but i have seen it)Sounds to me like this is and E.C.M. (car's brain),  take it to Jeep, Dodge, whoever, and have it code cleared, and rebooted, this is all dealer tech stuff, and it's not cheap, but it's cheaper than getting a new car
If you have a hood ornament you can use it like a bomb-sight to line it up with the middle of the lane. Also the car in front, if he's straight in the lane, line your car up with him.Eventually, you just get used to driving so that you're seat is not in the center of the lane, but a little on the right side of the lane (by the way you spelled tyre I assume you are in the UK).. . I still often will check my passenger side mirror, just to see that I can see the lane markers on that side of my car. You'll know you're in the lane if you can see the markers.practice practice practice.....use your peripheral vision to see the lines on either side of the lane and stay between them...youll get better the more you do it....bye the way it is not necessarily safer to ride one side or the otherStay in the right lane until you get used to driving.  You will eventually get used to the middle lane.Those lines painted on the road are a good way to go.Like others have said, I would say to practice.  While you are still new you may was to stay in the right lane so that you have the extra room of the shoulder on the right side.  It also gives you the opportunity to hug the right a bit if you are nervous about other cars.  I know I was when I first starting driving.by a white line or laneWhen you're just a beginner, the safest way to keep between the lines is to eyeball the line seperating the lanes.  If you keep your left, front fender a little to the right of that line, you're in the middle.  This was how I learned, now after 38 years of driving with no tickets or accidents, it is just all natural.. . When it snows, you don't always have to stay in the grooves unless it REALLY DEEP.  You'll get more traction if you drive on the soft, untouched snow.  Just a thought.  Good luck and drive safe.As a beginner use the right lane ( for slow(er) traffic) unless on interstate...Get some more practice before attempting that.. Use the lines that are painted on the road as "guide lines" to keep you on track.Keep the (outer) right front end of your vehicle lined up with the white line on the right sholder.Canada huh?:. . Many cars have a bump in the middle of the hood, or a hood ordimate.  If you use that indicator, the white line on the right side of the road should appear to dissapear into the middle of your hood while you are driving.  This should keep you centered on the road.. . Be sure that you dont focus on the white line because there are a lot of other things you need to keep your eyes on.If you honestly have to ask, i dont think you should be driving. But i will let u in on a little secret to how to do it...if you look really close ther are lines in the middle of the road!Position the mirrors on your doors so that you can see the lines on the road and the cars on the sides of you.  You should not have them facing to see down the side of your car and the top, but rather toward the bottom.  You can see the top from your rear view mirror.  Glance in them every now and then if you're not sure you're in the middle.  You should be able to see the lines on the road in your side mirrors.  You will get used to what it looks like to be in the middle eventually.The middle of the lane is not always the best place. When in the right lane travel closer to right line (fog line). this gives passing cars more room and if they are over to far you have more space between the two cars. The same holds true in the passing lane only in reverse. Always drive where you achieve ample clearance. Check your side rear view for where you are in lane ( position mirror where you can see where your tire is next to line on right side) then note where fog line is in correspondence of your hood this will tell you your lane alignment. Use hood markers like crease, grove etc.unless your blind not to be funny, the lines are suppose to be on the left and right of your vehicle. majority of roads have reflectors on the lines for two things. night driving you can see the lanes or lines reflect and if your tired and weave into another lane, the reflectors will produce a thumbing sound on the tires to let you know. also the cars behind you will let you know with their horns.
when you take a hard turn (tire-screecher) the body tilts. the more it tilts the more the "roll".that means the car rolls to one side when turning under moderate or hard accelerationIt means the suspension is soft and body control when turning or going over bumps is less than desirable. A common trait in American cars...
Energylead plates submirsed in sulfuric acid Surrounded by a plastic case. When the plates are joined together like the closing of a switch energy is released.I am not here to say anyone's answers are wrong, but I would seriously do a search on the subject. Automotive batteries do not produce energy by themselves. Batteries are filled with 'Distilled' water, and for a reason. Pure water is not a great conductor for electricity. Now before you jump in the shower with that hair dryer that is plugged into the wall, hear this out. PURE water, H2O with out minerals or impurities is needed, never use tap water. Yes there are plates in a battery, and no they do not touch like a switch. As far as acid, this is a by-product of the process. Take a little time and do some chemistry research and you will be surprised to find out what really goes on in there. Actually, once the car is started, there is little need for the battery until you need to start it again. That is why we have charging systems. If a battery were to produce its own power, I guess we could delete the charging system. Dry cell batteries are a different story ( they do not produce electricity either). I use them in most of my vehicles, mostly because they are in storage most of the time, and/or spend some of their time upside down, which is called, 'A Bad Day at the Race Track'!an automotive battery is composed of 6 cells made of lead plates connected together. the cells are connected together by "straps". each cell produces 2.1 volts DC of power so technically a battery is 12.6 volts. the acid in the cells reacts with the lead to create a chemical reaction that produces energy.
You shouldn't have to change the lifters unless they are bent or broken. People often mistake lifters for rocker arms of you are experiencing a lot of ticking noise from the valve covers you have loose lifters.remove valve covers and check each lifter till you find the one that is loose. Replace it with new. with valve covers off start vehicle tighten till ticking stops back off till ticking starts and tighten 1/4 turn this will set valve lash as close as you can get it on your own.Start by going down to the local auto parts store and getting a  manual. Flip to the proper section and get someone to read it to you. Too much to cover here.If you have to ask this question you better bring it to a certified mechanic. . You have to unhook your ignition. pull your distributor. take your intake off. your valve covers. rockers arms and so on..
the unit uses compressed air with a tube submerged in a resavoir. of water and a special misting solution.the compressed air draws the coolant out of the resavoir to create a mist that cools the tool you are working with offThats when wind blows on your face when you have been crying. Get it? mist coolant.its an oil based liquid that cools the parts being drilled.
You can call a junkyard, they will typically pay you a small amount for a non-operating vehicle.  Or find your favorite charity and see if they would like to take if off your hands.. . Both should provide free towing, only diffrence is that the charity would keep the money.  This is considered a donations AND its tax deductable!Sell it to the junk yardChain it to the next live car that parks in front of you.
Are you for real? You can drive an 18 whlr but not a car ? Give me and everyone else a breakDo you want to learn driving on your computer first? Click this site to get the first lesson.. http://www.3d-fahrschule.de/uk_download.htmstop then first gear. dont downshift too early. and clutch it in. you can still double clutch if you want. it eases the load off of the tranny same reason for trucks, but some new cars have stuff for thatIn a regular car you can't put the trans in 1st until you stop because the synchronizes won't allow it to go into gear.  The synchronizers are little rubber thingys that make the gears mesh up so you don't have to double clutch.  So when coming to a stop you would either put it in neutral or leave it in gear until you stop.
Why would anyone buy a Toyota Camry?Camry's are good, reliable cars. I'm sure it's just a personal choice.Because people who buy Camrys are generally either senior citizens, know very little about cars and/or are totally risk averse.. . Asking this market to try something new, especially when it costs more, is generally a waste of time. They read consumer reports, not Popular Science or car magazines.SinceToyota rules in some of the countries and their make is the best n long lastingcamry hybrids are not that expensive to buy than an accord hybrid.    accors hybrid is about $32.000 and the camry hybrid is about $26,000 the regular camry is somewhat $19,000 or the luxury version of camry(XLE) is $1,000 cheaper than camry hybrid. people can buy that hybrid just pretend to buying camry XLE.. . I couldnt still understand why people doesnt buy that hybrid,it is cheaper than most of bigger hybrids.  it is not a hybrid that has to plug in in the everyday.. . hybrid wont last longer............I know a lot of people who love their Prius'. I test drove one and just hated it because the visibility was terrible for someone my size. But I do like Toyotas and continue to buy them.More important:. . Why is Toyota still manufacturing regular Camrys?. . I have never understood why companies will produce a product which is supposed to be an improvement over the original yet continue to sell it?  . . Dishwashing soap is an example.  If Palmolive introduces a "new, stronger, concentrated soap, more powerful and use 1/3 less", why do they sell the original version?. . The same question holds for automobiles.  That said, there are a few issues which need to be sorted out before hybrids catch on.. . The biggest problem with hybrids is what to do with the batteries once they're kaput, and the cost to replace them.  Not all consumers know the answers to these questions.. . Also, the improvement in mileage isn't THAT much.  Hybrids were touted to receive well over 50 mpg.  When the production models came out, the average mpg is 25, with a few getting 40-50.. . Do you remember the Honda which was manufactured in the 1990s which got over 40mpg, and was a regular combustion engine driven vehicle?  . . If manufacturers can produce regular vehicles with that sort of mileage, where are don't all hybrids exceed that?. . The answer is that a majority of Americans are addicted to speedy and powerful cars- they're not quite ready to accept 3 cylinder engines, or 0-60 in 20 seconds.Because the total cost of ownership is quite a bit higher.  It would take the average owner up to 10 years to recover the extra cost of the hybrid, if ever.  By then, you're faced with a battery replacement, but that's only "a few thousand more" $$$.. . Check out Consumer Reports cost comparison on their website to see how the number crunch out.  It's just not a money saver.  Yet, anyway.it takes several years to reap the benefits of a hybrid. if you do not plan on keeping the hybrid for several years, it is cheaper to get a regular vehicle. several cities had ordered hybrids but found out they are not cost effective for short term(few years).If you keep the vehicle for a few years you may want to look into the $5000 battery cost.  The fact is nobody really knows how long the batteries will last.Because of the added dangers from the other battery, rescue workers are being trained differently...did you know that using "the jaws of life" with a hybrid car can cause electrocution?i swear to god some of you people need to read up on hybrids before bashing them.. . the hybrid battery cuts power in an accident (there are multiple redundant relays to ensure this) so the jaws of life can be used as in any other car.. . the battery is warranted for 8 years/100k miles. let's think about technology. what does it do over time... oh yes it gets cheaper. by the time you run through that warranty the current *UNDER 3K* pricetag should hvae dropped substantially.. . actually, they've been testing and improving their battery technology for about 8 years now, and there are many priuses (who run on the same hybrid drive system) that have gone more than 250k and no sign of battery trouble. and the hybrid camry has an improved and more powerful battery, with better management software.. . what else... oh that consumer reports thing. they did lash the power hybrids that are trying to advertise as worth the money. which was indeed deserved. but you notice the efficiency hybrids were indeed cheaper. and comparing a prius to a corolla is a joke, you wouldn't catch me dead in a corolla. yet it ends up cheaper than the corolla!. . electric motors require no routine maintenance and the gas engine, which is prone to problems in all cars, is used a substantially lower percentage of the time, which makes for longer engine life.. . the continuously variable transmission has no parts to grind against one another as in a manual or an auto tranny, so there's no blowing out your 3rd gear or anything.. . maintenance overall is lower... mostly an oil change and tire rotation every 5k or so. the occasional coolant flush, air filter change, etc, but definitely not more than any other vehicle on the road.. . i dunno... a 40 mpg camry over... 24 mpg city for a standard camry? sounds like a lot less gas to me. let's think about this. say you drive 1000 miles.. so at 24 mpg, your 1000 miles takes 41 gal of gas.. at 40 mpg, your 1000 miles takes 25 gal of gas.. at 3 bucks a gallon, which is a very realistic number at least where i am, that's $123 vs $75. hmm. so saving $48 per 1000 miles, you end up having to drive 62.5k to break even. i know people who do that in a year or so.. . total cost of ownership is actually lower over time, since there are a number of parts that don't experience nearly as much wear as in a regular car. no alternator, no starter, no brake replacement due to the regenerative brakes... . . however, what you don't see is the fact that the hybrid contains some pretty high end options not standard or not available in the standard camry. one particularly important option is their vehicle stability system, VDIM or vehicle dynamics integrated management. there's also the upgraded stereo system, the information screen, smart key system, steering wheel controls, dual zone climate control... and on and on. so that extra money isn't all for the hybrid system, there's a lot that goes for the high end options they stuck in there.. . anyway. for a few grand, in the scope of dropping twentysomething on a car, it does make sense to get the hybrid. however, as you can see in this set of answers alone, there are a lot of myths floating around that scare people away.Because in order to justify the additional cost over 5 years, the average gas price would have to be nearly 3 times what it already is.  The maitenance costs and the additional upfront costs really don't work out to being economically effective at all.in a hybrid if your battery dies it's 4000 dollars. the parts are more exspensive too
Pay off the debt and the bank will send it to you.For a vehicle?. Go to your DMV office, or look at their webpage.What kind of title?  You get a title when get a job of just about any kind....  You get to put Dr. in front of your name when you earn doctorate.  In US, there are no noble titles such as Lord or Sir, if that's what you mean.Go to the DMV and show them your receipt which is signed by you and the seller. They will issue you another title  for a fee.. . If you're referrng to a title such as Lord or Baron or whatever than I have no idea.go to DMV and pay a crap ;oad of money and give them the VIN and file a lost titleyou can buy one, but everyone will know you did and think you're a fraud.  Why do you want one anyway, it's better to be a commoner.Depends on the state you live in.  Check Secretary of State 's web site for your state and look up 'apply for title'.  either that or DMV depending on state.
Brakes are low, Time to have them fixed.. . Good LuckThe ABS has logged a fault code because there is a malfunction  somewhere in the system. Usually it's dirt or water at the wheel speed sensors or connectors. You will need to have a diagnostic performed to access the fault codes. Jules automotive lecturer. Australia.usually is a wheel speed sensor disconnect the battery for 20secs. then reconnect if it comes on again chech front abs sensors if ok get the dealer to pull the codesCheck and see if there is a recall on the switch on the brake mastercylinder that releases the cruise control, you can check it at nada.com
I don't know where it began, but I believe it is because the price you are paying is actually for 9/10 of a gallon.  So when it says $2.65 9/10, I think that means $2.65 for 9/10 of a gallon.it is just like things costing 29.99 it makes them seem cheaper
are you buying one of trying to locate the one on the car you own?. . it is located inbetween the air filter and the intake manifold usually bolted to the intake manifold it is the metal part with the cables attached to it.  Look at the engine and have someone press on the gas pedal engine off the part that moves is the ththrottle bodytry a junk yard or order it from a dealership
If the truck hasn't been wrecked, there is a label on the metal brace that is the radiator support that tells you how... . If not, it is an automatic tensioner I think on the right side toward the bottom and take a 1/2 inch drive breaker bar to engage, but I don't remember in what direction to yank to loosen (it's a automatic tension spring)Use a 1/2 in. drive ratchet in the spot located on the tensioner.Once you move the tensioner then you can remove the belt.the fan belt usually goes around another pully, like the alternator or power steering pump. they have two bolts,one mounting bolt(long) and one adjusting bolt(short) loosen both (don't remove)so it can move. pull it until the belt seems good an tight, hold in place and tighten adjusting bolt( might need two people if you've never done this before)then tighten mounting bolt. with the engine off, grab the belt at the longest place between pullies and see how far it moves up and down.  about 1 inch to 1 1/2 inch play is good. good luck
A simple explanation. Before the '70s motorcycles used to have. a shift pattern N-1-2-3-4. When downshifting, the trani would end in neutral. . Now when downshifting, in case you forgot what gear you were in, the bike will always be in gear when you get to the end of the shift pattern.I have wondered that for years, maybe it has something to do with the mechanics involved inside??That's the way the industry decided to do it.  Most bikes years ago used the pattern because it was easier to get into first gearSequential gear boxes are a touchy thing.  The space the first gear away from the others so that while downshifting you don't accidentally shift into first from third, which would pitch you over the bike.  First gear is really just to get the bike rolling, then there is a jump in ratio to 2, a smaller jump to 3, etc.  It is the same with race cars.Tradition, and if you always go all the way down when stopping, you don't look foolish revving it and not going anywhere when the light turns green!Thats standard pattern since early/mid 1970's. British/european bikes quite often had right foot gearchange, caused 'problems' switching feet. think it became law mid 70's. Road racers use opposite, one up 4or 5 down, easier to change gear while accellerating. Right or left side gearchange depending on rider preference and riding (flat track tends to use right foot change as the left foot is near the ground)
I've seen this before. Most likely you have an injector or injector seal leaking fuel into the crankcase. You should take this to a qualified mechanic and get it fixed as soon as possible. The fuel will wash the oil off of the bearings and this could result in major engine damage.The only way gas can get in the oil is through the pistons. So you have to figure out why? Is one of your injectors leaking fuel and it then leaks past the rings? That would be the first place to start.That happened to me on a diffrent type of car but the problem was the fuel pump, it was bad and was pumping gas into the oil pan, which caused major problems, had to have the engine rebuilt, the dilution of the oil by the gas caused the bearings on the crank to spin causing damage to the crank, and piston rods, so get it fixed pronto or take it back to the carlot if there was any type of warranty and make them fix it
Normally You want 12-15% of the Cargo on the Tongue. If not you will Definately Have  A major Sway Problem. Too Much Weight on the back compared to the front is Suicide.by balencing the load in the trailor front to backwell i could answer you question if i could understand what u wanted cuz u need TO LEARN TO SPELL. go bak to kindergarten
talk to a mechanic, not me!pull the relay its in the electrical box under the hoodTrigger the alarm. Open up your hood and start smashing things until the ringing stops.
It varies with each system , you would need a specialist. But if you decide to try yourself, do remove the battery connection first.that sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i believe you should go to the dealer and check... i also believe they do it free as a courtesy(well some of them anyway...)Mine had a code that had to be entered to disarm the system - maybe you could call Volkswagen and get your code...WHEN YOU SAY "THE SYSTEM CAME WITH THE CAR",WE'LL HAVE TO ASSUME YOU MEAN THE FACTORY INSTALLED THEFT DETERRENT THAT COMES WITH ALL NEW VW'S. . THE KEY ITSELF HAS THE CODE IN IT...SO, USE THE KEY!?Without knowing what kind of car you have  (model - year - etc)  or if the original security system was installed by the manufacturer, do not expect a very good answer.. . In most cases with aftermarket systems, it is best to remove the old one before installing the new one.. . In most cases, not a job for the novice.You will have to buy a new remote part # 1J0-959-753-F and ask if one of technicians can program it for you off the side say for a 12 pack or something... They usually will just be cool about it. The remotes are crap with VW's so this is no surprise. Good luckYou put the key into the lock  in the the door handle,and turn.You can replace the remote,but it will require a reprogram at a VW dealer.contact me at vwjcook@yahoo.com, if you need more help
why would u want to? its not a safety mechanism, u dont have dog tooth gears or sycro gearsThat's probably not a good idea unless you have a lot of money because you WILL rip up your transmission. It's called speed shifting.. . If you have a lot of money, remove the shift column housing and cut off the safety latch.
You're joking, right?  Better get out that owner's manual, Quick!. O/D is the overdrive on your transmission. It's a good idea to leave it 'on' for normal driving, and turn it 'off' for uphill stretches or towing.O/D off means "Overdrive  Off"Overdrive off, there's usually a switch or button that manually allows you to turn it on and off, for city or highway driving.Overdrive ... . . My husband leaves o/d on while on highways / freeways  and leaves them off when hes on the road ... Supposely to save gasAutomatic overdrive on or off.  Your automatic transmission will use overdrive gear when it is appropriate, but you may turn off overdrive when you are traveling on icy roads, or other situations when you may not want your car to use overdrive.. I have never turned mine off in 10 years.o/d is over drive.  my jeep has a button for it, i can turn it on and offOver Drive is turned off. This will be Ok for most city driving, but once you drive at the highway speeds, it would be wise to engage it to the on position for fuel economy. If it is a floor shift automatic trans, there should be a button to push to activate it again. Check the owners manual for more infoIt means overdrive is turned off.  This is a good thing to do when pulling a heavy load.  If it is flashing or the light is on and you didn't turn it on, you probably have a transmission problem, go to a specialist as soon as possible.Overdrive off.O/D OFF MEANS- OVER DRIVE OFF.Over Drive Offthe over drive is offover drive is off. some cars have the over drive not built in that mosr do and it kicks in the power like when your passing and your car jumps taking off. thats the over drive giving you power.
Here's an answer, YOU SUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Yeah... um, I don't think that that is going to happen. . . Why do you want to do that anyways? Are you a stalker and/or pervert?No ways, you can only check out the details within profile, if supplied by the user, for example . http://profiles.yahoo.com/yahooidI'm really trying to figure out how this is a motorcycle question.  Let me think about it a bit more and get back to you.yahoo I.Ds but thats about it I thinkIt's easy, all you have to do is reach into the back of your monitor..... Now, back to the motorcycle questions....
Do you really want to know? I can give you answers that can make your hair curl (or uncurl, as the case may be).. . 1: air is cheap. 2: air is compressable. 3: see above. . BTW: how much more reliable do you want?. . I will try to keep this short. . A tire is, essentially, a large balloon. As road shocks are encountered, the tire flexes, thereby keeping those shocks from rattling your fillings loose. Without the cushion of air in your tires, your car could not be controlled. Suspension components, such as springs and shock absorbers, help you to have a comfortable ride, but without air in your tires, you might as well be travelling in a Conestoga wagon.....at 70 MPHthere are some tires that are solid rubber.  That is probably the most reliable, but the downside is the weight of the tires causing them to require more fuel and decreases the performance of the car.  Using air is a balance between weight and efficency on tires.what else would they put in that would be more reliable?. they couldnt use cement or anything cause thats too heavy?how about helium? That might be fun!You would think they could figure out something besides air hu!Because it's cheaper than the nitrogen they use in aircraft tiresworks better than gelatinwell...it'd be odd to use jello. hehe. *smile*Nitrogen will be soon replacing air soon. nitrogen was used mostly for tires in race cars, airplanes and military vehicles. Benefits include consistent tire pressure, improved mileage and cooler running tires. . And all these benefit will reduce gas use and cost less in the long run.You can't put in a solid because every time the tire hit a bump, your head would hit the roof.  So the "filling" has to be either air or liquid.  If you a hit a nail, the liquid would drain out a lot faster than the air does.  Air isn't perfect, but it's easily replaceable and darn cheap.you wanna ride around in flat tires?Air lighter than water has no definate shape but a definate volume (measured in p.s.i or k.p.a) standard pounds per square inch and metric is kilograms per something unamilar with it at the moment air being common in all places is easly compressed and in its compress state in a properly mounted tire that provides a leak proof seal air cushions is better cause its not a solid so any other alternative would likely be a solid which wont contour to bumps and other objects as air does.
There are several reasons however take it in for an engine tune up and they will pinpoint the exact problem.Unburned gas being expelled from the combustion chamber, or compression leaking into the intake manifold. The cause can be as simple as a bad plug, distributor cap, or timing to as difficult as a burned valve.There are many things that cause a backfire. A burnt or leaking intake valve, improper timing, improper fuel/air mix, etc.. Need to know when it does it, pulling hard, starting up, idling, da dee da dee da.......many things. . Faulty ignition is the main one
Because of" prop walk"... to counter act prop walk.. because the prop spins clockwise the boat will turn to the stbd. side. to counter act ,placing the weight of the capt. on the far right it will help correct this.It's probably one of those things which started one way, and ended up sticking by tradition. For example, the QUERTY keyboard we still use today was originally designed so that typists who used old fashioned typewriters could have an easier time unsticking the letters. It has no functional purpose today.. . There is a website that purports to have an answer. It states that because propellers on boats turn clockwise, smaller boats have a tendency to tilt to the left. Placing the column and the driver on the right makes the right heavier, so it counteracts the effect. I am not sure if this is really the case, but have a look at the site: . .  http://www.straightdope.com/mailbag/mdriveboat.html. . Once the system was established, it stuck, kind of like QUERTY.actually NOT all small boats have them on the right; look at some of the flat bottom speed boats.... there are plenty with the driver on the left.Torque Steer !! if the boat has one prop, the right side rides higher.  Putting the driver on the right balances a small boat.. . That's my answer and I'm sticking too it.They're designed more for right handed boaters, with the shifter mounted to the right..I have a center console myself and would never go back to the side mount.It must be akward for leftys to operate the right mount.Many boats are made to to a skier or wakeboarder. The traffic pattern in lakes and rivers is clockwise and that would put the boat operator on the side where opposing traffic would be coming from.power boats were invented by the English, and just like they have the car steering wheel on the right because they drive in the other side of the road they put the boat steering wheel on the right because they drive on the other side of the ocean
The F-22 features vectored thrust, which is a huge bonus to its maneuverability. The Raptor's main bragging grounds though is its stealth capabilities, not its agility. I must admit that I've never seen the Eurofighter personally, but I would imagine that the Raptor would definitely give it a run for it's money.As someone else has said, the Vectored thrust on the Raptor does give it a bit of an advantage.  But The Raptor relies more on it's abitlity to be less "visible" than maneouverability to win engagements.  I think the Eurofighter is being envisioned as a multi-role fighter (fighter bomber?) rather than a dedicated interceptor/dogfighter, so they might not be too concerned with agility.  As t ohow they compare to each other, it's a toss up.Less agile, but faster, more powerful, and better in every other way.There may be a limited range in which the Eurofighter is more agile,overall the F-22 is light years ahead.It's a generation more advanced and will find and shoot down any enemy planes with the Eurofighter's abilities before they even know they are being attacked.They F22 is more agile then a Eurofighter, the trust weight ratio gives the F22 an advantage over the Eurofighter.Well, I saw a thing on the TV, that said 5 of the F-15  fighters tried to take an F-22, and they COULDN'T! The F-22 killed all 5 of the F-15's!!
an evap. purge code is usually a loose gas cap or one that  does not seal well any longerYou could have your whole cooling system could BLEVE(boiling liquid expansion vapor explosion) and that isn't good. Imagine all of the cooling lines bursting in you car. Water gets on the engine block and cracks it. Not good at all.nope get a new gas cap  did it say leak large in perenthasies right after that? thats usaly what it is
It sounds like a sensor. They will sometimes malfunction after they reach a certin temp. Run a code check to see what comes up.first ois sounds like a problem with ya masterdylender , or brake booster,  do you have any other syptems<  ( hadr breaking,  sotf pedal,  etc)  the only othe real likely possibility would be the dump valve for the abs...replace the sensor in the rearend housing.if still on overhaul the rear end
Some cars have a sensor in the Master Cylinder, if there is a problem the light won't go off, I suggest you NOT buy that car because the bozo will prob cut a wire or remove the bulb rather than repair it correctly.  That way the problem "appears" to be corrected but in actuality is just "covered up".  NyeWow!. I drive a 1998 Ford Escort, my emergency brake light comes on when my brake is in the off position.  I have no idea why, I am betting it's a short in the electrical work.  If you can, take it to a mechanic.Could be lots of things.  If the cable or brake is sticking, then the brake may not be releasing and the light will stay on.  If this is the problem, it will often vibrate free once you get started and the light will go off.  It could be the sensor is bad, but then it would probably always be on as it would if the brake was stuck and not coming free.  Does it eventually go off or does it always stay on?  If it eventually goes off, I wouldn't worry about it.  If it stays on then I'd be more concerned because if the brake is not releasing you will wear out the pads and lose braking effectiveness over time.  Have a reputable mechanic check it.Yes I have had that happen and yes the sensor need replacing, But if it at a dealer, then i wouldnt buy that car, that should have already been fixed prior to you test driving..if the light says sensor then the brake pads have sensors on them to let you know its time for a brake job or maybe a brake job was done and they installed pads without sensors or the sensor is damagedi had this problem before ....it was being blocked by a screw,  stoping it from going completly down all the way. mine was on a center censole, something could be blocking the handle from going all the way down. and 1 more thing to check is ...the BUTTON you push in with your thumb to pull up to set the break..."when the break  handle is all the way down,  PULL that BUTTON all the way out    it mite be getting stuck just a little.  just spray a lil WD-40 in the button hole and jiggle the button in and out.    but pull the button all the way out first and see if the lite goes out before you spray WD-40Usually the break light your are referring to is probably the hand break or (emergency break),  . so I'm ruling out a blown fuse and burn light bulb because the light is still one, what ever sensor is suppose notice when the break is off is not actually registering the break as being off.  I'm assuming your breaks work as well as the emergency breaks.Either th ebulb is out or the fuse is out.  I would pay someone that knows about cars $20 to replace the fuses for you.  Or if you arne't going to purchase the car until you see it work, tell the owner that they need to have that fixed for you to buy it for whetver price you are willing to pay.I have a 2002 Ford Taurus and the Brake light wouldn't go off.  I was told that my brakes were faulty and that they needed to be replaced.  Once they were replaced, the light went off.if u buy it a ticket is gonna happen he just wants to sell it he's no stupid a s s
It is said that it makes your cars engine work harder.  While that might be true other studies have shown that it isn't a significant amount.the motor for the AC needs to be powered, which reduces the efficiency of the engine. At some speeds, it uses less fuel to just open the windows.Actually, using your A/C saves gas.  If you open the windows, the drag caused uses more gas then running the air.  I didn't believe it either until I called my Hyundai dealer and asked.  It's true.. . Keepin' cool...It's believed that turning the a/c pump uses more gas, but it doesn't. Scientific studies show that using A/C uses less gas than driving with your windows down.It is not gasoline directly, when the air conditioner is turned on, the engine has to work harder to run the air conditioning compressor therefore using more gasoline.The A/C compressor is ran by your vehicles engine via a belt. The compressor is a high power piece of equipment. It puts a load on your engine which makes the engine work a little harder to power it. This also depends on what kind of driving you do.  If you do a lot of city driving, it could lower your mileage by as much as 6 or 7 mpg.. If you do a lot of highway driving, it can actually improve your mileage. The drag of open windows in a car on the highway will cause a larger loss of mpg than the use of the A/C.it takes power from the batterty and altinator.. les juice means more gas needs to be in there to ignight the spark. super streangth battery and/or a performance altinator will increase spark and use less gas.Here's your crash course in Automotive tech and air-conditioning.  Any air-conditioning system, including the one on cars, is a sealed system.  Freon IS NOT being blown out of the system.  Freon, just like in your refrigerator, is a coolant that helps exchange heat through a series of metal tubes called a condenser.  Air is blown across these tubes and is cooled producing that wonderful stuff we love, conditioned air.  (by the way, the only way air conditioning-read freon- is bad for the environment is when the sealed system leaks or is improperly handled by low skill mechanics).  There is no water in the system, so no water is wasted.  Any water you see dripping from the car when the air conditionaer is used is condensed water from the humid air outside the car, just like a cold coke can sweating when it is taken out of the fridge and put on a table.. That's a very basic description on air conditioning.. Here's how the air conditioning uses more fuel.. Everything on a car is ultimately powered by the engine.  Even a Hybrid with its battery power must get energy supplied by the rotation of the engine to charge itself from the wheels.  The battery in regular car that runs the ignition, radio, lights, power windows etc.. get charged by the engine.  The air conditioning compressor is the same.  The engine has a belt or belts which turn an alternator(generator) for the battery and  the air conditioning pump.  When you turn on the air conditioner, the engine has to work harder to turn the pump and therefore uses more gasoline as a result.. Hope that helps.To cool the air in your car it needs to be compressed. The compresser is run by a belt that is conected to your engine. So by turning your A/C on your compresser needs to be run and it takes a little more power from your engine to do so. Honestly I know in my car and living in the south the benifits of cool air outway the little amout (if any) of extra gas neededThe air conditioner is an accessory, which requires a lot of power. Doesn't it make sense that the high powered accessories need to consume more fuel to keep it running?because your engine drive the ac condenserBecause it it connected to your engine via a belt.  The A/C need power to turn the motor, thus it robs power from the motor, thereby decreasing the efficiency of your motor.Because the A/C compressor requires energy to operate. That energy comes from a belt connected to the engine, so when your A/C is on, it places a greater load on the engine. So, in effect, you are making the motor do more work. More work requires more fuel. There's no free lunch in physics. Also, the operation of the blower motor (the fan that pushes the air through the vents in your dash) requires electricity, so the alternator also places an additional load on the engine, but to a lesser amount than the A/C compressor. Laboratory testing shows that operating your A/C diminishes fuel mileage by a significant amount. EPA ratings are done without A/C in operation.it does rob power but if you have the windows down it causes drag so it's a wash really.Their is no direct interaction.  But the freon has to run through a compressor which like the power steering or even alternator runs off the crankshaft pulley.  It puts a load on the engine and the engine loses a few horepower in the process.. . Drag racers will run with no belts and a well charged battery just to avoid wasting the horses. They often do not even attempt to cool the engine and leave the water pump disconnected.. . If you ever listen to your engine at idle after its warmed up...you can hear the engine slow down when you turn on the AC.Air-conditioning uses gasoline because if you put it on it uses more energy from the battery and in that way your car uses more gasoline.The engine has to run more to produce energy for the cooling system. Thus more gasoline. Air conditioning doesnt use water, it creates it when it condenses the hot air to create cold air, the moisture is a result. The unit itself is usually cooled by the engine fan and radiator system.The A/C does not waste water or freon.  The a/c has nothing to do with water.  The a/c is a closed system that cycles freon.  However, in order to get rid of excess heat, the refrigerant must be compressed with a compressor.  This takes power to do so, and that power comes from the engine.  So to travel the same speed when you don't have the a/c engaged, takes more power or more fuel.  And it does not make the engine less efficient.  The engine efficiency has nothing to do what it operates.  It just means you are using less of the engine's power to move the car.  It has nothing to do with the batter, like some people are saying.  The compressor is generated by mechanical power from the engine, not electricity.  And the only reason those studies show you use less fuel than just having the windows down, is because those tests were done at high speeds.  The aerodynamics of the car are worse with the windows down.  Therefore, the loss of power due to the a/c is less then the loss of power because of high drag, but only at high rates of speed.  At low speeds, the aerodynamics have little effect on vehicle drag, and the a/c will be more dominant.beacause the gasoline  powers the battery and the battery powers the a/cIt makes the car run hotter. So, in turn, it takes more gasoline to run the car.
40:1 is the ratio for this year and style outboard. Some people might suggest 50 to 1 but ignor them becuase it will cuase your engine to guald and you'll loose a ring or two. After that its bye bye engine.except for the brief 100-1 stint a few years back, do what the manufacturer recommends, 50-1. but to be fair,40-1 is a lot better than too lean and wont hurt a thing. its spelled and pronounced "gall" , Pink.50 to 1 ratio (3 oz of oil to every gallon of gas), don't over oil, don't under oil, be excact. Then you can be like the rest of us small boat owners, "chemist's that smell like gasoline" !
Make them with LED's so they can be changed or altered by an outside computer source.. . Say a speed limit is 55mph, but it is raining hard, a computer can change the speed limit to 45mph for satety reasons.  If it is 3am and the computer realizes there is like no traffic out, the sign can change to 65mph.. . The same LED signs can be used for curves ahead, etc.  Have a light sensor on the sign to register when a headlight hits it, at that moment it glows so there is no missing the sign.  This can be applied to stop signs as well.  During day time either day time running lights will trigger it or a radar sensor motion detector can pick up the car.. . If none of the above was done then at least very reflective tape on the base of the sign and the perimeter of the sign so they are more reflective.  I have noticed these in the neighborhood near me.Be brighter.  It's hard to see the dark geen at night.  Brighter yellow would be better.I would project them onto clouds with a semi-unified laser image duplication system- for the environmentmake em bigger! It's impossible to drive the car and try to read them at the same time when they're so darn small!i would make them larger and in more plain site.. like maybe hung on wires,in front instead of off to the side-which is not really in plain view unless on the drivers side-which most of them arent! and put some lights on them so u can see them in the night...more reflective they can be hard to see at night.  i would change the traffic lights i drive a stick shift so i like the way they are in Europe they change back to yellow before they go to green (tells you to shift back into first)NO STOP if NO ONE aroundthis is a fairly odd question..............The following in BOLD and BRIGHT colors to catch this crap! . . SLOW DRIVERS STAY TO THE RIGHT. BICYCLISTS GET BACK ON THE SIDEWALK. PLEASE GO WHEN LIGHT IS GREEN I WANT TO GET HOMEI would make it mandatory for street signs to be lettered with glow in the dark paint so signs can be visible in areas that are poorly lite.  Additionally, back roads and non urban areas would not feel so threaten to people who do not know the area or are following a map.Larger signs with larger letters. Paint that reflects light so that they can be more easily read at night or in a storm. Place signs at EVERY intersection. Unlike now where you can go blocks without a street sign telling you whether or not you are still on a certain roadway.i would add "if you can read this sign you are going (and then it would be filled in with 'west, north, east or south').I would make them say exactly what they want us to do. forget these picture crap just put it in words, i will read it and we can all be happymake them biggerI would do the exact oppisite of everyone MAKE THEM SMALLER so people that need glasses HAVE to wear them while they are driving. Here you all are trying to make the signs bigger so that you can drive without your fucin glasses and nothin else is gonna get bigger. Your just asking to hit some little kid in the street or something cause you wanna look good while your driving how immature is that.I would make them easier to read especially on streets that you can't tell that you are coming up to one.. Also they can put pictures of landmarks on or near the street.Street signs should be larger, and they should be before an intersection, so you know what street you are approaching.  Nothing like having to make a left turn and being in the right lane half way through the intersection because you could not read or see the sign until then.. . Also, signs should be on all streets.  N,S,E,W indicators should be on primary and secondary roads.. . Reflective is good too.  Should not be blocked by signs, shrubs, trees, etc.. . Also, when streets appear to go straight, but you have to make a turn to stay on the same street, or a street goes straight but changes names, there ought to be some alert indicator, to indicate name change or direction change.Put minimum speed on speed limit signs to keep people from driving too slow. People who drive too slow can cause accidents just as people driving too fast.I"d make them all conform to one set standard, whatever that was.. . Why?  Ease of recognition.i would require cities to cut down bushes & trees blocking them!!!thats a good question. i would make them bigger. make sure they are easy to see-no bushes or trees in the way. have the ones with pictures with words too incase you cant remember the pictures. make sure the spray paint it cleaned off often. maybe have solar powerd lights to see them better. have minimum speed up as well as the speed limit. hmm i cant think of anything else rite nowI would make them bigger, probably overhead.  Maybe put symbols on them for ppl who can't read.I would definitely coat them with weather resistant paint, and something easy to clean. Have you seen some of those signs? Its no wonder there are so many people getting lost. the signs stink! You can barely even read them, and to make matters worse, they're covered with graffiti.make them bigger and more out so that it would be easy to seeI would make some of them larger because I hate weearing glasses because I look better without themmake them large as hell ! so i can easily read them
use a metal coat hanger stick it down the rubber piece on your window and pop the lock. or call the police they have slimjimsCall your local police. They can help you unlock your car.sucks for you . if you dont have on-star you have to break a window. or call someone to unlock it . either way its going to cost youCall a lock smitheither call someone, or buy a "Lock Out" kit, (plastic wedge and a metal hook to open the door). they also have "Air Bladders" that pump open between the window and the car, creating a space to get a coat hanger in. Call P.D., if it is'nt a busy time (don't call on Fri. or Sat. nights), they might help you out ,Try Sun. Morning.Most towing companies have a "jimmy", the device that unlocks car doors.  . . Or call a locksmith. . . It's also worth it to join AAA roadside service.  It's around $40 a year, and if you even call them once, you've made your money back.  They do unlocks for free.WD-40, it is a spray that will lubricate the lock and free it up. It may still take some time working with it to get it to loosen up but it will. Just keep spraying the WD-40 in it and working with it.. . Unless u have locked the key in the car. Then u might have to call someone.. I have taken a hanger and opened most cars by prying out the door from the frame and using  the hanger to open the car from the inside handle.Call my Dad.Smash the window, have the car alarn go off, and let evryone think your braking in. or u could just call onstar or your local police. ya maybe thats a better idea...
Always give "year", make, engine size and model # when asking questions.. -Put the bike on the center stand.. -Loosen the chain adjuster lock nuts & bolts (it'll be easier to take the wheel off and you'll have to adjust the chain tension when you're done).. -Remove the rear axle nut.. -Remove the clip, nut and bolt holding the torque link (long flat bar) from the brake panel.. -Remove the brake adjuster nut, the pin that the brake rod goes through and spring.. -Remove the axle (remember the order all the parts go and which direction the axle goes. I usuall put the parts back on the axle and set aside until re-assembly).. -Push the wheel foward and remove the chain.. -After the wheel is off the bike, remove the sprocket and holder from the wheel (just pull it off. There is a spacer in between the sprocket holder and wheel. Don't lose it and remember which way it goes for re-assembly).. . To re-install -. -Put sprocket holder and brake panel on wheel (remember about the spacer).. -Slide wheel into swingarm and install chain.. -Install axle,spacers and chain adjusters.. -Install the spring, pin and brake adjuster nut.. -Install the bolt and nut holding the torque link (don't tighten yet).. -Adjust the chain tension to about 25mm of free play. At the half way point between the rear axle and center of countershaft sprocket, you should be able to move the chain up and down 25mm. The chain adjuster bolts should be adjusted equally.. -Tighten the axle nut.. -Double check the chain tension. Loosen the axle nut and re-adjust if necessary.. -Tighten the lock nuts on the chain adjuster bolts.. -Tighten the torque link nut and bolt and install the clip.. -Adjust the brake nut.. -Check and adjust the brake light switch. (the brake light should come on once the brake pedal activates the brake).. Have fun!Like any other bike?. . I'm not sure it would be wise following directions off of this site, I advise to get a manual.
Newsprint, the paper newspapers are printed on, helps to get windows cleaner by eliminating steaks that cloth and paper towels may leave behind.  For the cheapest window cleaner and the best use vinegar and newspaper(it does not matter if there is ink on it or not).its great..it leaves no lint or streaks, that most paper towels would leave behiendIf you do it right it prevents streaking and dust.  The ink does give a nice gloss, but the main reason you do it is to prevent streaks and dust.it is said to reduce streaking...it decreases the streaks left on the glassoh man it works so good! see the thing is to keep your windows from getting streaks in them when using windex, you ahve to absorb all of the windex off the window, paper towels work, sure, but for some reason the newspaper makes it shinier . .thats what i think anyway. maybe the paper kidn of buffs the window liek you buff scratches off a car, just a thought, but next time, try using newspaper, it makes it easier and a noticable differencethe best thing to use to clean glass is coffee filters they dont leave streaks and give great results i wouldnt recommend using newspapersThey say its better so the glass wont scratch. But it leaves streaks and black stuff all over your hands. use a cloth if possible.they dont scratch the glass
As far as I know, they are either glass or fiberglass (same color as the body of the car).The Hurst type is actually the smaller of the two types. The rest is easy. There were many aftermarket companies that also made them and conversions.probly glass and fiberglass like the corvette
its funny that u ask that question ...i was just talking to a mechanic and he said that u should never let it go below half....if u always let it go below that u will wear out the fuel pump a lot faster ....   good luck !!!!   :)water has a way of getting into any gas tank through the heating and cooling cycle of every day.. if you let your tank get very very low you will eventually be running on a gas/water mix.. this is not good.. if you regularly let your tank get to the point when you are 'running on fumes'.. your car will eventually start running like a fred flinstone mobile.. don't let it get that far.. add some dry-gas type additive it costs about a dollar.. better than killing your car :). And keep it around (or above) a quarter of a tank at the lowest for best performance..No more than 1/4 tank to empty.  All the impurities and gunk in the gasoline settles to the bottom of the tank, and if you let the fuel get to the 1/4 mark the pump will start stirring up the debris again, possibly clogging your fuel filter...among other nasty problems.A quarter of a tank.Ideally I try to avoid leting it drop to less than 3/4 full.  It is always best to keep the gas tank topped off to avoid condensation.1/4 then i fill up againI know it is time to get gas when my gas light not only comes on, but starts flashing and screaming at me that it is not joking!Whenever I feel like filling up...usually 1/4 or 1/2.If i can help it 1/4 of a tank, but usually it is when I have money and  that isn't often lately.Sometimes about an 1/8 of a tank. I try to milk it as much as possible before paying an arm and a leg.listen to the "islander" donna, your vehicle's fuel pump is most likely inside the fuel tank and is cooled by the fuel around it.  the lower your fuel level, the more of your fuel pump is exposed and is not cooled properly.  most people don't know their fuel pump begins to be exposed at about 1/3 tank full of fuel.  so for longer fuel pump life and reduced repair costs, it's best to not let it frequently get too much below 1/3 tank.I try to never get below a half tanki never go under a 1/4 the gas is what cools you fuel pump and if you run out gas and leave your key on you could ruin your fuel pumpI run out of gas at least once a month. Does that tell you how low I let it get? I have an idiot light that dings too. LOL
Public Information Officer????  That ia the Army acronym anyway.Public Information Officerit could be Programmed Input/Output
To find your actual gas mileage, reset the little odometer (there will be a button near the spedometer that resets it) next time you fill your gas tank. When you fill up again, look at the mileage on that odometer, and divide it by the number of gallons of gas you just put in the tank (not by the size of the tank). That will give you your average mpg.To figure out your miles per gallon, you need to fill up your tank while doing this to be accurate.. . 1. Write down your odometer mileage or reset your trip meter to zero.. . 2.  Fill up your car.. . 3. Drive around.. . 4. Next time you fill up your car, take note of how many gallons it took AND either your odometer reading or your trip meter.. .   4a.  If using the odometer reading subtract the first reading from the second. This and/or the trip meter reading will be how many miles traveled.. . 5.  Divide miles traveled by gallons just bought. That is how many miles per gallon you get.. . Newer cars have this built in.Here's how to tell your mileage in any vehicle:. -fill it up completely. when the pump shuts off, hang it up, don't go to the next dollar.. -write down your miles. If you have a trip meter, reset it.. -drive until you are a 1/4 tank or below. the further you drive, the more accurate.. -fill it up again. write down how many gallons it takes (down to 1/10th). -write down your miles again and subtract from your first number, or if you used the trip meter, just write it down.. -divide the miles driven by the gallons of fuel, and there's your MPG!Divide the miles you have driven by the gallons you have used.  I usually do this each time I fill in with gas.Let your car get to almost empty, then fill up. Keep track of # of gallons used to fill. Then set your trip odometer to zero. Let car get to almost empty again. Divide number of miles travelled by gallons of gas used. This will equal your mpg. Of course, it can vary by several things such as city vs. highway miles, did you run the air, etc.get a full tank of gas, drive till you need more gas.. . check how many miles you have driven on that tank (ex 200miles). . refill the tank (how much did it take to refill the tank) 15 gallons . . 200 / 15 = 13 mpg . . do this several times and take and average 12+13.5+13/3= 12.8 avg mpg . . it's a little crude but it work . . and check the manufacturer recomended  higway and street mpgsearch the type of car onlineFill your tank and set your trip odometer to zero (0).  Drive normally until the next time you need to fill your tank again.  When you fill your tank, write down what your trip odometer says (example: 325.6 miles).  After you fill your tank, take a look at how many gallons you needed to fill the tank (example: 13.339 gallons).  Divide the number of miles by the number of gallons.  Example 325.6 miles divided by 13.339 gallons = 24.41 MPG (miles per gallon).I do the math for MPG almost every time I fill up.  I use that as a gage if something is wrong or going wrong.This is one way: Fill your tank up with gas, reset the trip miles on your odometer, and next time you fill up with gas, divide the miles by the gallons you used to fill up.miles driven divided by gallons usedfill up your tank than drive 100 mile then refill your tank. and see how many gallons you usedI usually do an average.  Fill up the tank, drive a few hundred miles, write down you beginning mileage and ending mileage.  Now fill up the tank again.  Subtract ending miles from beginning miles and then divide by number of gallons on the 2nd fill up.  . . Then repeat the process.  THis should give you a pretty good estimate of your mpg.dont change your odometer,thats illegal, what you want to do is reset your tackometer.and fill your gas tang, then do the divisionThe easiest way is to fill it from empty, and reset your log miles.write down how many gallons it took. when you get down the same amount of gas again, divide miles by amt of gallons.It doesn't make any difference what kind of car you have. Drive until the "low-fuel" indicator comes on. Fill the tank completely (best to just let the auto shutoff stop the pump, and don't top it off). Write down the mileage (you can write down how many gallons and fraction of a gallon if you want, but mainly tp compare it to the next fill-up).. . Drive until it is about the same low-fuel point. Fill up. Write down the mileage and the gallons. Subtract the previous mileage from the new one. That shows you how many miles you have driven. Divide that number by the gallons you just put in. That's your miles per gallon. If you do this 3 or 4 times, you'll have a pretty accurate measure of your average MPG. Remember, the number will change if you take a long trip as opposed to city driving or a combination.check audi's website for the pdf of ur manual...Start with a full tank, record the numbers from your odometer, drive happy, refill the tank, see how many gallons , record that, record the odometer, and divide the difference in miles by the gallons used.
As an auto tech with 26+ years first of all the '89 Ford Ranger Pickup can either be a manual transmission with up to 5 forward speeds, or an automatic.If an automatic knowing these pickups were not designed like the F-150, F-250, or F-350 most commonly C4 since the larger automatics with exemption to the F-350 also had the C6.according to haynes repair manual:. 2wd by mazda 1983 - 1992 models. 4wd by mitsubishiA4LD if it's an automatic. . Mazda M5OD M1 if it's a 2wd manual. Mitsubishi if it's a 4WD manualNot sure if you have STD or auto, but the auto should be an overdrive unit known as the A4LD which was derived from the C3 that first saw use in the early Pinto. A horrible transmission even on a good day.A piece of crap.
just replace the bulbs. they just pop out of the lens unscrew the bulb and replaceIn most cars, there are access panels inside the trunk. Once you have removed those panels, the you should just have to twist and pull the outlet that holds the light bulb.go to an auto zone they  help uOpen your trunk and untwist those little things and pull your brake lights out.  If you are a woman go to your nearest part store and act stupid, they will help.  Go to your local library also.inside the trunk, you can the wires going to the tail light area, you just twist and pull. The unit comes out with the bilb, turn the bulb and oush in to remove from the sockewt. Replace with the same # bulb and reverse the order. Should be good to go.. Good Luck
the best and less headaches just take it to a stereo shop they know exactly what to do.put it where the old one was. Go to a car stereo shop and get some real good advice first before you go cutting up the interior of your car.Sounds like you need a tool called a "nibbler". It will nibble little rectangular pieces away to the desired size as long as the plastic is a constant 1/4 inch. Here is a link to one:. . http://www.ehobbytools.com/index.html?target=p_33.html&lang=en-usNot without know the type of car you have and I hope its not a real nice car you are cutting up but then it is your car so I guess its up to you.  I would suggest you take it and have a professional installation done.Just find a family member or friend that knows what they are doing if you don't want to pay for it by using a professional.buy a little electric rotary tool like a dremel, if ou get a kit it will coe with a cutoff wheel and some sandpaper and rotary fiels, so u can make a rough cut and the file it all smooth and make it look pretty, plus when you get a cd player you can get an installation kit which should come with a small fram so it will cover up whats left of the holeRemove the plastic dash bezel from the entire area the radio was in. There should be a LOT of screws. Remove the plastic, use a small handsaw with a hacksaw type blade or a dremel with a cutting wheel to cut the dash clean and smooth. You can also use a pair of tin snips or a small handsaw with a hacksaw blade to expand the opening where the factory shaft style radio was located. . . The only installation piece you will need is a 1/2" - 3/4" trim ring to fill in around the aftermarket radio so there are no visible holes (the shaft radio is slightly taller than an aftermarket DIN radio). . Anything else I can do to help, drop me a line: casaudiotc@yahoo.comVery carefully!!!!
drain the oil then drive it without any oil it will double your hpbe carfull if its the doul over head cam motor they have really weak cranks get a bigger throtole body i think you can get a stock one off of a toyota the one with the taget top but like i said those cranks are eak and also if its the maual trans they have a problem with the trans pin breaking nd ging trough the case make sure the trans always has fluid there hard to findYou can do many things to a sweet car like that,like:headers,cap and rotor,exhaust,intake manifold,turbo,intercooler,cold air intake or forced air induction,and the list goes on for awhile. if you need more help look at my profile and let me know.sell it and get a real car!after market parts , but keep your old part for smog testtrade it offso you want more horsepower? save your money for forced induction otherwise known as... turbo charging, supercharging and nitrious. you should do some research about your car... your car is about 2 tons or 4,000 lbs, since you don't have the turbo model than i'm assuming that you don't have the VR4 wich is AWD turbo... wich you should've got if you wanted to get this porky car. don't get me wrong its heavy but it still has potential. you should go and join a forum site for your car, majority of the time. they have a bunch of "guru's" there who know what they are talking about. since your car is a V6 FWD, there are things your gonna wanna consider... first off is BUDGET! how much can you actually spend? remember theres parts... and then there is ALSO LABOR! to install in case you can't do it yourself. a lot of people overlook this segment on modfiying cars and do half ass jobs and it will only look like dookie in the end. if your gonna do it, do it right the first time around. for a V6 you have a few options... single turbo and twin turbo... for twin turbo theres even more options... sequential turbos that spool up at the same time or mismatching pairs. to keep it simple, you can have two mid sized turbos or one large and one small or you could just go with two small... it all depends on you and what you want to do with it. you might be wondering why you would have one small and one big, well that is because there is something called turbo lag. your turbo is a turbine or in simple terms a wheel that helps force air into your intake manifold and on the other side of the turbine there is another wheel which forces exhaust fumes out... well sorry to cut it short i'm getting tired of explaining this... HAHAHAHHA research research and research somemore... if you don't know anything about turbos... don't do it learn and then do it... to turbo your car its gonna cost you at least $4,000-$5,000! for parts! thats not even including tuning and installation! so yeah really consider it before you just start buying odd pieces here and there... and oh yeah don't waste your money on any of those stupid bolt ons! they all get replaced with something far more superior with the same price tag... about anyways... well i hope this has given you some insight into what seems cool at first and becomes a problem later...500 HP Small Block Chevy engineFind some old solid rocket fuel surplus JATO engines; strap them to the roof, now you have more HP.  Steering and control may be a problem, so you may want to take it out to the desert where there are old RR tracks running in long strait lines. . .
The best thing to do is go to your local glass shop and let them do it. After all this is a classic and needs to be done rightTake it to someone who knows what they are doing!!!!!use glass slip, and be careful you don't knick the glass anywhere, that is all I know.
Look at the link below. :). . Hope it helps!you must live in CAL to get onU HAVE TO LIVE IN CAL OR IF U CAN CREATE A SHOW ALONG THE SAME LINES FOR YOUR AREA AND GET A GOV GRANT THAT WILL ENABLE U TO DO THIS FIND INVESTORS TO HELP U DO THISYou have to live in Southern CA to even sign up.  Then if their accepting apps for your car, it will be available at the mtv website under casting calls.call mtv see if they can tell you what to do to sign up
I had this problem once.  The basement doors closed out of line "sometimes", and the seals were damaged.  I hired  the repair.. . In the '90s.  Don't ask cost.  It was reasonable at the time.Use a garden hose and inspect for water stains, to determine the entery points.they have a color dye you can put in it and it will show the leak fast.....Do you have slide outs? I have a 30 foot travel trailer and was having the same problem, I relpaced the seals on the slide and it helped. Waterlines in RV's generally are only hand tightented at connections and do vibrate loose over time too. I check mine a couple times a year.use your garden hose to spray on the motorhome. have someone watching for the source of the leak. remember also...water is lazy, it will go to the easyest place to enter.
there stuburn and think there helpng the econoy and  all cars really break downBecause they're loyal to and support their own.Who made you an authority on the quality of american cars?Chew you rice and make yourself believe it tastes good,something like driving foreign cars.I am a finance manager at a Ford dealership on a boulevard of cars, and let me tell you, all the other dealerships have just as many vehicles towed into their service departments as we do. It doesn't matter where your car was made. If foreign cars are so perfect, why do they still sell extended warranties? Did you ever think about that? Probably not. The service departments make more money than the sales departments at every dealership.let me ask you this .  what car that you know of wont break down?   buying a car is a matter of choice.What is American? Honda MB Beemers Toyuta Datson. are bllt in US. Mex. and Canada make many prts for US carsI had a honda civic replace (2) motor within 2 years, the Ford FALCON  1965 still running drove it still and before High school.who says they break down? you? who are you? regular maintenance on any car and the thing doesnt break down .besides they profits of foreign companies go there. so when you need a job move to japan cuz there arent none here. piss on youBecause foriegn cars are priced significantly higher due to tariffs and other trade restrictions.. . Because some foriegn vehicle makers don't make the larger cars & trucks Americans prefer.  For example I really wish Toyota would make a pickup comparable to the F350 Diesels.American cars have gotten much more reliable over the past 10 years.  Aesthetically, surface quality and design is not always so good (think Dodge Neon, Chevy Malibu), but they don't generally "break down" like they were known for back in the 80s.  And I could name several manufacturers, non-American, that had the reputation for hiring a mechanic whenever you bought one of their cars (Jag, Triumph, Peugeot, Renault, Fiat all come to mind).. . I have bought 2 new cars since 1992--1 Japanese and 1 American.  The Japanese car was actually assembled in Canada using UAW labor.  The American car was manufactured in Mexico.  Both were good, but in 8 years with the Honda, it stranded me about 4 times.  In 6 years with the Ford, it's never stranded me.  After year 5 with the Honda, expensive annual repairs started appearing like clockwork--timing chain ($1000), axle and CV joints ($800), etc.  With the Ford, I've had 4 O2 sensors, each time under warranty.  The part costs $5.  Price of the Honda in 1992: $11000.  Price of the Ford in 2000: $14000.  Very happy with both.. . I bought an American car because of the value (quality/price), and because it's a "top of the economic food chain" purchase that trickles down to benefit lots of my fellow countrymen when I buy one.  Plus I really like the Focus's styling.That may have been true in the past, but American car companies are slowly but surely improving their cars. In the next 5 years or so, I probably wouldn't mind buying an American-made car.. . And I believe Nissan is Japanese, not American.because with foreign cars the parts are more expensiveyeah, I can see you haven't really done any homework. Shockingly Nissan's are giving Toyota a run for their money. Instead of Toyota spurging on the research, they are being limp and repackaging the same 'ole shit with new colors.All cars break down.
a bike is only as good as the service the place u bought it from provides....i've got a 04 speed triple special edition and i think triumphs are well thought out and as long the dealership doesn't forget why they are in business its a good deal. in response to hearing triumphs are expensive...well the reason i bought one intially was because it was all could afford at the time...went in too look and saw the speed triple they had just knocked 2000 off so i got a bike worth a little over 10k out the door for 8344.00 and now two years later retail is 7900.00 so i think it was fairly priced...they only drawback is the dealers are few and far between....so good dealer service is important...i've been lucky so far...lol...the most expensive thing about the whole bike was the 12k valve check etc.... later. . ps..the bike has been one of the most reliable and fun bikes with a unique heritage for low cost...i highly reccomend a triumph...the only thing that took some getting used to was the torque and the seat...lol...All Triumphs are good bikes, except there a little expensive, but If you've got the money to spend go for it.Okay, buy it ... if you live near the shop. This is the "break-in" year for that model. It looks sweet (drop dead styling and a "speed triple"!), but it hasn't been field tested by the riders of the world, yet. . Engineers can predict a lot, and manufacturers will try to test their machines thoroughly. But there is no substitute for real-world, on the street, life experience.A lot of people tend to shy away from bikes their first year in production. There have been a couple head gasket problems but Triumph has been pretty good about fixing or replacing the bikes. From people who aren't having problems, they love the bike. I think it's the best looking 600cc class bike for 2006 for sure.
This is a hard topic to cover. Kids will be kids You can never make them do something. They will do it when you are not around. Im still young myself and in safe environments "the track". I will push my car. I think to teach them saftey and run them through a real course  of how to handle a car. 90% of adults dont know what to do if something comes up. There is courses everywere although they re a bit expensive usually around $200 you get a crash course in how to handle your car in hydro, brake skid, accelration skid. wich i think everyone should take.by teaching them, on road showsi don't know how to instill road safety into the minds of young drivers. but if i can make a suggestion....when my child was a young driver...i taught him a game i have found safe and somewhat amusing....drive on any given freeway (stakes being higher off freeway) maximum two miles UNDER the speed limit without hitting the brake, from point of origin to destination. it entails watching everthing every other driver is doing and anticipating what they might do. whom ever goes the furtherest distance...wins (whatever your family enjoys the most). it's not as easy as it might seem...he learned to watch and anticipate.pictures , pictures, pictures... and the worse the better!Photos, I'm a cross country truck driver, and  come across some grisley scenes. When it's safe to do so, I got a cheap digicam to take a shot of a wreck, and collect em on my laptop. .  When they're nearing that age, I'll sit em down and show em the pics. Being that these are shots of what I've personally witnessed, they have a powerful psychological effect. It's more "real" for them that way. Stock photos tend to be simple images. Shots of what the person's seen themselves make a more gut level connection.by showing them the effects of not being a safe driver. When i was younger a woman that used to live in our neighborhood lost both her daughter and son in two different car accidents and that kind of made me and my friends try not to be bad drivers when we grew up. That was the way we used to think when we were kids, but the impact was so hard that we all try to avoid things like drinking and driving.. . good luck.
probably a radiator problem usually some kind of clog, check the coolant level and be sure that the fins are free of debree and not too bent up.Check your coolantCheck that the radiator fan is working properly.  Next check that the fins on the radiator are clean and not clogged with dirt, If so clean with water hose and any kind of soap.  You can also use high pressure water and soap at a car wash.. . Good LuckCheck your transmission oil level.. If the a/t oil level ok then you may need a full service like oil+filter cause your oil may lose visco or thickness or thinness and may be filter jammed . also have glance on sender connection some times they also get faulty and send wrong information. wish you best of luckIt maybe a good idea to get it serviced. Could be blocked lines to radiator, oil pump is failing or the temp sender unit is faulty. Get it checked soon, rebuilds are expensive.Check your coolant...Do you use it for towing...if so you may need a transmission coolerit will be connected to the radiator.... you can get a cooper trans cooler and put in instead of radiator.
Well, usually when winter does blow around it brings that white stuff called snow and from what I have been told by folks that have lived in Buffalo New York it gets pretty ugly when you have to go to work or take the kids to school because you have no traction, you slide left to right just to go 50 feet and you stand in line because some folks that have lived there all their lives still don't know how to drive in that white sh*t..You spin your tires and wish out loud to yourself that you should have taken the local metro bus system or.....or possibly moved to Phoenix, Arizona.. But.. who's listening to you any ways...what that guy said, plus they have different fuels, summer and winter, they have different detergants in them for optimum performance for that season, plus when the engine is cold in the winter it is harder for a cold engine to run rather than one that you can just start up and go and no problems. In addition the ignition system has to work a little bit harder in the winter, it has to deal with electrons floating beneath the cap between the rotar....there are a ton of aspects that go into all of that....The temperature during winters is quite low and therefore the fuel starts to get a bit denser, so it does not burn as efficiently.
According to scientists it's the depletion of the Ozone layer covering the earth, known as the Greenhouse Effect.. . This apparently is caused by burning fossil fuels.. . Check out the following links;Its getting closer to hell everyday.It's hot(ter) in the Northern hemisphere because it's summer right now. It's relatively cold in the Southern Hemisphere and at both poles right now.. . Or are you asking about "Global Warming?" That is the result of natural cycles (e.g. The Sun) and something man has no control over...even though some might "feel" otherwise.. . See: http://www.junkscience.com/Greenhouse/The world is hot because it sits in the sun all day, like your car is if you park at the mall. Jesus. Do I have to explain EVERYTHING?It's summer. . Do you complain about the cold in the winter? How about the rain in the spring? The leaves in the fall?. Global Warming is worth taking a look at, but the actual causes (whether natural cycle or the result of human action) and possible solutions, if any are actually worth the effort, have yet to be determined.. The world may be a degree or so warmer now than a decade ago. But it's nothing that you would notice, were you to go out on a warm day in June in 1996 and find yourself transported through time to that same date in 2006. . Remember the motto of the environmentalist movement: "When in danger or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.". Cheers.The world is so hot because greenhouse gases in the atmosphere like carbon dioxide trap the heat radiated from the earth in response to the sun's energy.  As we put more greenhouse gases into the air, less heat is radiated back out into space and stays here on earth.  The amount of heat that is being trapped is gradually increasing each year.  It will be up to level-headed people to take the pragmatic steps that will need to be taken to minimize our CO2 impact and prevent the situation from getting worse.  We have more than melting glaciers to worry about – melting permafrost and siberian bogs may release even more greenhouse gases, in this case methane, which is seven times as potent as carbon dioxide.... 'cause there are "cool" guys like you in it. - 2 pointsare u asking it the scientific way or the other way man ?Because too many HOT WOMEN and GIRLS in this world.. It doesn't matter with the season. But sure in the summer they burn the world hotter, especially in the beaches.
wheel cylinder might be leaking one that one side causing the shoes to lock up on the drum after appyling the brakeDirt, oil or grease got on the drum pads.  If you press them hard a few times, that should clean them.the best thing to do is to remove the wheel and drum, spray the shoes and springs/holddowns with brake cleaner spray and be liberal with the spray, clean everything down so it looks new, as well as the drum itself.  take this time to adjust & check the brake shoes.take an air compressor and blow the brake dust out of the drumor the adjuster system is not working right and over adjusting that brake, causing the shoes to wear (that will cause the drum to warp from heat FYI)
I assume you mean on a car.  Try some belt dressing, available at any auto parts store, if it is a belt squeal, and tighten the belt.  If it's a bearing going out, count on replacing the alternator. Generators went out in the 50's.turn it off.Dig a big hole and lower it into the hole..make sure it can easily get air...ahhh silence. . Good LuckPlace it on a rubber surface (rubber mounts dampen vibrations) or build a box around it that can still intake air and exhaust fumes.DO NOT RUN IT
replace the rototery which is a metal disk they have gauges in them  if this 1 is bad chek them all do not put new pads on them. .  or they will wear down to quickely  check first the 1 making the grinding sound  or it could a culper which is the cylinder that pushes. the brake pads together. hope this helpsif you live on a dirt road it could be dust or dirt...i would have it serviced as this is not a cosmetic feature of your car but a safety mechanism....there may be another part of the braking system itself that is in need of repair...do not delay....your safety is important but so is mine and my children'sThat normally means your pads have completely worn down and now it's metal on metal. That is bad because then the rotors will get scraped and have to be shaved which will cost you more.. . Take it to a break place immediately before it gets worse.check the inside pad. often the outside pad looks fine but the inside one is shot due to a sticking caliperhave you checked to see if your calipers are aligned?  they could be rubbing on your rotorsthat noise is your brakes grinding together...your brake pads/shoes have probably worn away too much...that needs to be fixed soon or you will not only have to replace the pads but the rotors too, which is much more expensiveSounds like the dust cover behind the roter is rubing
Dont bother you can buy my crx import.blow it upThat would just be daft.  The engine would get wet when it rains . . ;-)depends on the working order of your hood. If it is stuck closed, remove the lower air deflecter (black, connects the bottom of the air dam to the radiator core support) reach up to the latch and unbolt it, with it free from the car, this should allow you to lift the hood several inchs (or cm) and disengauge the latch fully. If the hood is up and you just want it off, unbolt it from the hinges using a 10 or 12mm socketwith an axe
Drifting = controlled skidding under acceleration. Get a rear wheel drive car with high horsepower. Stomp the gas, break the rear tires loose, steer into the skid, try not to hit anything.On a dirt road, from high speed you can just suddenly downshift or momentarily pull on the handbrake (turning the steering wheel will enhance the drift).  On concrete or asphalt road it is quite difficult because the car will need to be on top condition to make the tires glide on the surface to drift.Get up really close to the car in front of you. It's worse that tailgating where you actually have a possible chance of stopping.. . Drifting is what racers do in Nascar.I read that it takes a straight shift car and you have to have a certian amount of gas with a certain amount of clutch. When its right all you have to do is press on the gas and the wheels spin with almost no traction. Pair this with sliding downhill sideways and you've got a drift. Basically it's a controlled spinout going sideways... think of it as fishtailing except instead of you having no traction from slamming on the brakes, you have no traction because your tires are spinning out.1st off you need a rear wheel drive car. what you do is get the rear tires to lose traction (i.e. start going into a skid) and with the steering wheel veer the opposite direction from the drift you are in. So if the rear end is drifting left you turn the steering to the right and keep in mind the rear tires are spinning faster than the car is going the whole time. Its quite fun actually, I have a pontiac GTO and Im a showoff and i love drifting around corners. I hope my explanation was understandable.go really fast when you're about to make a wide turn and right when you make the turn...lift your e-brake up n let go of the gas whie you turn the wheel on the turn... and you'll drift..just make sure there are no cops around...kids in the street and parked cars in the way..cuz you might fish tail or something.drifting is driving pretty much out of control. most standard or stock cars are unable to drift due to lack of power. in order to drift you need a lot of modifications done to your car to give it enough power to drift. as far as making the car accually "drift" as you take a turn very sharply you accelerate making your car almost hydroplain across the pavementdont align the wheels
You are in Texas. Do you know 4-corp.com? it is a Scam? email me to wewow at indo.net.id I appreciate you answer very much.be an apprentice.  learn the trade.  if you want to be licensed to a particular auto maker, you need to pass their test.  auto mechanics get high pays.
obviously you, being a male, had to be in the front of the traffic jam to see that it was a woman, so i guess its not just female drivers.It acts as even more proof that when a woman is in the lead, the men will follow like little lost puppies!Well, I'm not supposed to tell, but since it is YOU that asked..... . We females have secret meetings, once a month. We gather and discuss ways to irritate men.. . This was one of the most popular ideas at our first meeting after motor vehicles became popular.. . We have always had great success with it, so we have kept it up.. . Please don't reveal that I am the one who told you!Because their is a man in the passenger seat giving us the wrong directionsShe was the one left behind when the light turned red. So now she is the firstActually male drivers are the more common risk takers.Because most women drivers are unable to drive properly and assess situations on the  busy roads of today.They just simply freeze up and panic. Most try to combat their fears by driving big ,clumsy 4x4 s.( I am a lady driver...but not in this category )Because women don't handle stress situations well.  If crying can't solve the problem, they're lost.  Throw in a cell phone and you got real problems.If you were there to witness the Start of Every traffic Jam - Maybe YOU wee the cause of them all.. . If you were not there - what do you know about EVERY traffic jam??Oh sweetheart its because your not in the front seat with her! See if I had you in the front seat.....I NEVER WOULD HAVE LEFT MY HOUSE! LMAOthat is not true. maybe the ones you saw were the ex gf's you pissed off.lolsome women just shouldn't drive....j/k!cause they don't know how to drive, and they put on their make up
there should be small nipples for your lube gun, where you can lubricate the axle. If you can't find them, ask the guys in a garage to show you where they are, and what to use, then go home and do it.If there is not a filler plug you will have to pull an axle and fill it from the end. Don't over fill iton the differential you will see a drain plug on it it will be a bolt on the bottom half and it will be all by itsself, you use a funnel to get the lubricant into it. on the wheel hubs you have to remove the bearings and pack them by hand usually (they do make a tool but by hand can be cheaper) and then reinstall them if there is no wear. check out autozone.com or checkers online site and they will have a total walk through on repacking your bearing and checking all your fluids in your axles.Instructions with pictures can be found here:. . http://www.autozone.com/servlet/UiBroker?ForwardPage=/az/cds/en_us/0900823d/80/18/ad/ed/0900823d8018aded.jsp#hd1-1-2You should see a square nut. Usually takes a 3/8 ratchet. I buy the gallon of fluid. It's only $8 the small one is sometimes $2-$3. You can buy a pump for the gallon (only a couple of bucks) It helps ALOT. Mine is leaking at this time, so I am glad I have a pump, it only takes a few minutes. Without it the fluid is so thick, gravity is not much help.There is a plug on the side of the rear end housing that you remove to add fluid. You can buy quarts of rear-end lube at any parts store-make sure it has a small hose with it. .  be sure to use the proper type oil if you've got a posi-trac differential
I'm not sure if you have gear lube or transmission fluid in your trans (never worked on an ISUZU )but I would change the lubricant in the trans myself may be quite dirty from internal wear and parts are heating up from a lot of friction ,Or maybe it is low on lubricant (which if thats the case look for a wet or road dirt covered spot on trans case ).drain and re-fill with fresh lube .. . doing this should reduce or stop the shifter heat up problem.also check to see if the shifter has a heat shield around it ;if an exhaust pipe runs near it that will heat up a shifter if there is not a heat shield to protect it .check your transmisson fluid level first, then check and see if your insulation between the trans and  shifter and floor board is intack and in good shape
you need the accident report from the police and the name of his insurance company.  Send your claim to them.  Don't sign anything saying you will settle until you are 100% satisfied with your repairs.Hopefully the police came and filed a report so the facts are documented.  If not, you could be facing a "he said, she said" situation.  Many drivers will change their minds later about whose fault it was, especially if they think their insurance is going to go up.  You can call up his insurance and tell them you had an accident with one of their customers and you want them to pay for your damages.  Depending on what state you live in, they may ask for an estimate, or they may send out an adjuster to determine the value of the damages.  They will probably want a statement from their customer, and/or a police report.  If the other guy admits fault, or you have a police report that clearly shows he's at fault, then you should be ok.  If not, then you might have to go through your own.  Even if you go through your own insurance, and it's determined to be not your fault, your insurance company will "subrogate" which means they will go after the other guy's insurance and get their money back (and you will get your deductible back too).u shouldn't have to pay anything. once u have the adjustor look at it u should be able to have it fixed but the other driver's insurance should handle everything. you should not pay a deductable. if you have any problems with the other insurance people talk with your agent.If he admitted fault, his insurane ought to cover the whole thing. Contact the agency and someone will come out to give you an estimate, then you take it and get it done! You don't have to go through your own insurance company if it was documented as the other driver's fault, usually.I was in a minor accident in a supermarket parking lot.  I thought that all you need to do is exchange information with the other driver--but the other driver called the cops!  AND, it was his fault.  Can't figure some people out.. . If he did admit fault, I think his insurance company should pay in full--I just hope that someone besides you heard him admit it.You should have gotten his insurance information at the time of the accident. Contact his insurance company if they haven't contacted you already and let them know where you'd like to take your car to get it fixed. You shouldn't have any trouble. If you do, contact your own insurance company and give them the information - they should fix your car and charge the other company and NOT charge you a deductible since the other company will be covering all the costs. Don't forget to ask about a rental car while yours is in the shop.He gave you his insurance information right?  And you called and have the police report stating he admitted fault, right?  Take it, along with an estimate for repairs, to his insurance company, tell the agent there his policy number, and ask them to compensate you for your losses.Contact his insurance company. When you are in the roadway and someone is pulling out of a parking lot and causes an accident, it is their fault. Don't use your ins. company unless it is a last resort. Call and tell your company that you want to put the claim on hold and cancel it when the claim is paid by the other insurance company. Also give your company all the insurance info on the other driver in case you have to use your company so they can subrogate with the other company and get their money back. Also their ins. co. will be liable to put you in a rental car similar to what you are driving now for the period that your car is down for the repair.Well unfortunately I know from experience. Was the police called?  Were any tickets involved and was there a bodily injury on your part? . If there was a ticket on his behalf then you go for there insurance. If there was bodily injury contact a lawyer and let them handle it. I am doing through that now.Contact his insurance company directly. Before you actually file the claim with them find out his coverage limits. If they are not enough to cover all the repairs just file with your company, you don't want to have to go after him to collect the difference yourself. . . If his coverage is adequate just file a claim with one of their reps. Also, you can take it to whatever shop you are comfortable with...if they try to force you to take it somewhere you don't want to use refuse. Take it to your place and tell them to send out an adjuster to take a look.
it means that you will have your exhaust up graded form your catalytic converter back which is better parts and muffler on your car!!!All newer cars have a catalytic converter, to help clean the emissions and such. So, the exhaust pipe from the catalytic converter to the muffler it known as a "catback exhaust."that means you change the entire exhaust from the catylitic converters back. so your headers or manifolds, your y pipes, and cats, are all stock.this allows you to have larger pipes behind the catalytic converter on your vehicle to give you more power.  There are dealers that sell the necessary kits to do this.  You can find them by doing a search in google.com for cat back exhausts.Psssst.  Brandon 2 tailpipes going out the back would be dual exaust not catbackTwo seperate tailpipes going down the back.
If it wasn't a lot of it it won't hurt your vehicle i have used mixed gas to get a vehicle moved around...intentionally used mixed gas at that lol....don't worry about it if it wasn't to much....NOTHIN MUCH, ITLL GET GUMMY AND MAKE PROBLEMS LATER IN CAR TIME!!!Don't worry about it.  It may temporarily run a little rough, but that is about all.. . All gasoline has detergents in it these days that continually clean out your fuel system, and your fuel filter helps keep grime and debris out of the engine, so unless you are repeatedly abusing your vehicle it is very difficult to create any kind of significant damage through something like this.. . You could even accidentally put a little diesel in your vehicle and it would still just flush through as long as it wasn't too much.. . One caution, depending on how much you got in there you may get a little bit of smoking in your exhaust but that should go away after you burn out that tank.. . One just generally useful piece of advice for you.. . Make sure to have your fuel filter changed every ten or fifteen thousand miles, or about every third oil change.  This is excellent maintenance for any vehicle.Many a person will dump the old 2 cycle gas mix in they're truck or car..... it is actually a great upper cylinder lube, and the detergents in the oil itself, will help clean. Many people use it for a upper cylinder lube.If it wasn't too much, I wouldn't worry about it...If you're really paranoid flush out as much as you can, but it's not going to do too much damage to the engine...AT FIRST YOUR CAR MIGHT WORK FINE THEN ITLL PROBABLY START ACTING UP SO TAKE IT TO A CAR SHOPI will probably smoke a little.  I guessing that you only added a gallon or so unless you mix gas for the weedeater in a 5 gallon can.  Might run a little rough but other than that won't hurt it.  Put straight gas in when you can.  No harm, no foul.it runs like $hit dont do it drain the gas ruins heads if alot of oil. smokesWhile it might cause a slight loss of  performance short term, really it shouldn't permanently damage your fuel system. I do, however, recommend that you dilute it asap by gassing up full. And then with the next tankful add a container of fuel injector cleaner to remove any oil residue which may have settled on your fuel injectors, because of this error you made.Regardless of some people thinking it might actually hurt your car in the long run, they are wrong. Only short term driving would be effected. You might notice blue smoke from your tail pipes from the burning of the oil in the mixure. . . Now I don't know exactly how much you put in, but I would figure that the mixure of oil to gas in for your 'weedeater' is more than likely around 1:25. That is a very small amount of 2 cycle oil to be added (assuming you put a gallon or two into your tank) to a 10-15 gallon tank. . . If you haven't already, fill your car completely with premium. You will not suffer any kind of long term effects as some may think. More than likely if it was only a small amount gas (a gallon or two), you probably won't even notice any kind of difference if you have a full tank of gas.. . So in short, don't worry it will not damage your car's engine or fuel system nor will you need to pay a mechanic to "anything special". They would more than likely just take your money, and sift the gas out of the tank.
The first guy and sparky are right.  Go with the 3 ways, unless you already have mounted tweets.  I've got 3 way 240watt Pioneers and they sound pretty good (no extra tweets).2-way = two drivers - 1 mid-range, 1 tweeter. . 3-way = three drivers - 1 low-range, 1- mid-range , one tweeterones bigger than the otherMajor difference is frequency response. A 2-way, or coaxial speaker, consists of a 6" x 9" midbass driver and usually a 1.5" midrange or tweeter. A 3-way, or triaxial, typically consists of a 6" x 9" midbass driver, a 1.5" midrange or tweeter, and an additional 3/4" or 1" tweeter or supertweeter.
I don't want to discourage you but A&P mechanics make less than most ASE Certified Auto Technicians. Its a fact. However if you do want to pursue this career you should visit your local FAA FSDO ( Flight Standards District Office ). They can guide you and give you alot of advice as to what schools to attend. Generally it takes a few years to get your license. Some shops will hire non licensed people to gain experience and have documented training.There are a number of excellent schools, depending where you live and how much you can afford to spend. There is even a junior college in the Los Angeles area, (Glendale Junior College) that trains A&P mechanics fairly inexpesnivelly, if you are a California resident.Starting from scratch, you need to be able to certify 1,900 classroom hours of training, pass three written exams (General, Airframe and Powerplant) and an oral exam to get your certificate.  Most people go to a formal school for some or all of this training, however, if you have documented military experience you may be able to get credit for some of the training you have already received.. . Check out this Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) web page to find more information about becoming an A&P Mechanic...If you're a veteran, you need to check very carefully as to how the local FAA FSDO office is about granting certificates based on military experience.  Some offices are more liberal than others, and some are just plain obstinate about it.. . My brother had 5 years experience as an aircraft electrician in the Army, and had formally cross-trained (and had a secondary MOS) as a sheetmetal mechanic.  When he got out, I figured they'd give him the 'A' license (airframe, for those following along that might not know what 'A&P' means), but probably not the 'P' (powerplant) license.. . They didn't award him anything.  However, a friend of his from his last unit who was also an aircraft electrician, but without the sheetmetal secondary MOS, did get an airframe license from his local FSDO.. . Other than that, if you can't get anything, the name of the school you go to doesn't really matter all that much; the quality of instruction is fairly uniform (the FAA makes sure of that) and there's no 'Harvard' or 'MIT' equivalents that are going to stand out on a resume.  Spartan's a good school, don't get me wrong; I know a number of guys who went there, and they're pretty good mechanics, but the cost of the school is pretty high compared to publicly-funded schools.  What matters is getting some experience.  If you have military experience, that's good, but getting some civilian experience in the meantime is going to be at least equally good.. . I'd check with your state department of education, or vocational-technical education if your state has one; they should be able to tell you.  What you're looking for is a Part 147 certified aircraft maintenance technician school.. . Most of these are 18 months long; some are associated with various community or junior colleges, and will want to get you to take some general education courses so you'll graduate in 24 months with an associates degree and the sign-offs to take your tests.  Either way it's OK.  I'm about 99% positive that all Part 147 certified schools are eligible for the GI Bill.. . The FAA makes sure that you attend practically every minute of instruction; you're only allowed to miss a very few days, and then you have to make up every minute of those days you do miss, or you cannot pass the course.  It's not quite to the point where they require you to make up time missed for 'potty breaks', but they're not too far off from that.. . If you go to a private school like Spartan, you may need some student loans or to work part-time while in school; I'm not sure about their cost.  Most publicly-funded schools are going to be cheap enough that just the GI Bill (even without any 'kicker' like the Army College Fund) should be sufficient to cover your costs of attending school.. . Right now, sheetmetal mechanics are in very high demand, and regular A&Ps a little less so.  Long term, training and experience in composites is going to pay off big time.  A lot of piston-engined airplanes are made of composites, and even the newest airliners, like the Boeing 787, are going to nearly all-composite construction.. . Having said all that, there is still the old 'back door' method:  get a job as an aircraft mechanic without a license, work for at least 18 months getting experience, and then you can take the tests for either the airframe or the powerplant license; if you want to take both, that requires 30 months experience.  Of course, the real problem is getting hired without a license, which can be pretty tough.  If you have some extensive military experience you might be able to go to work as a contractor, get the experience required and then take the tests.  If you want to pursue this avenue there are a number of agencies, and I've listed some of their websites below.  The advantage of this is that you get out there earning money faster, but the disadvantages arFirst, Spartan is NOT the best.. . Check out the FAR's, first of all.  A&P's are certificated under 14 CFR 65.. . The FAA has a page on becoming a mechanic.. . Basically, it takes up to 30 months to do on the job or however long to do it through a 147 mechanic school.  Do you have a degree?  If not, I would highly suggest you find a university that offers a degree AND an A&P, otherwise you'll be stuck wrenching for the rest of your life.total four years aviation experience but if you join a  ame training school then about 31/2 yrs.got to spartan in tulsa oklahoma best in the nation
why..do you want to steal one...With a sledgehammer and a crowbar!!!a hammer and if that doesnt work bigger fukin hammer
the adjustment rod is under the car ,usually on the drivers side,its a cable with a turn buckle.1 way is jack up the rear of your car and tightened the cable till the wheels cant be turned ,then loosened the cable till you can just turn the wheels with easeor look in the book ,it will tell you how many clicks you need on your emergency brake.i hope i was some help to you.kseriously leave that to a professional!!!! are you doing it to an exes car lolyer it is right in the middel you will need two spannahs to do it but if you have no ider how to do it you should leave it to somone who doseFor goodness sake, get a professional mechanic to service the car.  He may save your life and the life/lives of other road users and pedestrians.As with ANY repair or maintenance with a safety related component PLEASE  think about this first. Do you have the required skills and equipment to carry this out and are you confident about carrying out the procedure, if you are hen do the following.. Jack the vehicle up and make sure you have axle stands underneath, remove the rear wheels and drums, clean out all of the dust using a brake cleaning spray to keep the dust down to a minimum, Clean the brake shoes with some light sand paper to rough up the glazed friction lining, slacken off the tension on the handbrake cable, adjust the brakes so that the drums turn freely but the linings are just begining to catch the drum, remove the slack from the handbrake cable and then pull the handbrake on 4 clicks, now adjust the cable until the rear wheels dont turn and are also free to rotate when the handbrake is released
This is from the Chilton's repair manual, its called1993 -1994 2.3 liter (2326 cc)  Crank Shaft Dampener Pulley with vincode X 140-170 ft lbs Torque, so yes you can impact it but make sure you start it by hand first so you don't strip it out, lost of people will tell you to hit it  ,IT was never made to be hit with a hammer, if this was true they would do this on the Assembly line and would save a great deal of money not using anamatronics to do this correctly, or if you were paying someone to do this saw them with a hammer what would you think of the quality of there work ? u can run it tight with a impact and then torque it, if people don't know they always revert to a hammer LOLjust zap it with a strong impact at max setting/ pressure. Probably tighten itself the first time the engine is run...i have the 2.3 in my 94 ranger its 55-65 ft lbs
the standard options. entry level, mid level, and high end of each model. things like the engine size, power, towing capacity, creature comforts, that sort of thing.Durangos have three trim levels:. SXT is the base model, no third seat no rear a/c.. SLT is the most popular trim level.  Third row seating, overhead console power seat, rear a/c.. R/T is the racing team model.  Loaded with leather and bigger engineThis all depends on the year.  In 98-99 there was ST and SLT and SLT Plus.  In 2000 they added the R/T, stands for Road/Track, Larger wheels and tires, performance suspension, intake and exhaust.  SXT was added in 2002, as a mid grade value model, a third row seat could be added to this model in 2003.  2003 was the last year of the R/T which hasn't come back yet.  I can go on and on about what's standard and optional in every package, but this should give you a general idea.
It's a big hit on your credit.  Also, unless you got a release signed by the finance company or bank, they can sue you for the remaining amount they are owed for the car.  They'll get a judgement and that will follow you for decades!Worst kind, all repos.. You may get credit at a later time, but the interest will be max.Yes, it goes under as VOL SUR   (voluntary surrender), and it is extremely negative.they will sue you for balance, better file bankruptcy.It's a big effect. . It's another repo no matter how you look at it and will stay on your file for 10 yearsyes, it a big negative influence on your rating.... you couldn't pay for the car, so you turned it backyes a volunteer reposession is still a repo and goes on your credit the same way (negatively).I voluntarily turned in my car in 1995 while going through a divorce and they sold it at auction.  I was sent a bill to pay the remainder of the amount due.  I did not pay it, since I knew the total amount was already on my credit score and would be for about 7 years (in Texas).  I was able to buy a brand-new car in 2000 with financing from my credit union since credit unions aren't as stringent on their credit requirements.  The interest rate was not bad.  You just need to make sure you get a copy of your credit report every year (it's free once a year from all three major credit reporting agencies).  When the time comes for the bad credit item to be dropped, you may need to write a dispute letter regarding all disputed items on the report to all three credit reporting agencies and request that they be dropped from the report (my repo has since been dropped from the reports). Following is a good website that has links to sites about credit repair, etc.Yes it goes on your credit and it has the same effect as them coming and getting it without you giving them permission. It stays on you credit for 10 years just like a normal repossession.Yes it does. Even if you take it back, it is considered a repo. Then they will auction it and you will likely get a bill for the balance of what the auction price was against the amount you owed on the car. It hits your credit report and good luck buying a car without some major money down for the next 7 years. The only thing that can help you is to call the credit companies and thery have to let you make a brief statement as to why your credit is shot. For instance, I had to turn in my car as I suffered an operation and I had no insurance or any other calamity. Good luck..
You may have a bad intake or head gasket, the white smoke is because you have antifreeze leaking into your cylinders. The gas smell may be a leak in the fuel line or in the throttle body. I would suggest that you go to the local parts store and get a haynse repair manual for the year and make of your car it will cost you about 15 to 20 $ for the book. hope this helps.IF its a fuel problem the smoke will be BLACK..Blue means OIL.IF you have been adding water or anti-freeze often you have a blown headgasket-cracked block or Head.The gas smell comes from the cylinder not firing because the water/antifreeze is killing the spark..THEY do make a Block Sealer {if thats the problem} BUT you have to follow the [K&W} DIRECTIONS - EXACTALLY !!! ONLY if the WHITE smoke is Continious & usally the engine will have a miss & idle ruff.I have heard a few good answers..but if there is a problem with running rich ..an 02 sensor could be the culprit..also check air filter..and hey a tuneup wouldnt hurt either...White "smoke" is usually steam from condensation.. Black smoke is often unburned oil and crud in the engine. . . I use a product called "Berryman's"  it is an engine, oil or fuel additive, that works wonders.  An old mechanic friend got me to start using this stuff 15 years ago, and I still do from time to time pour it into my gas tank, or into my oil.  It really seems to clear up lots of the minor issues.  I find the product mostly at car parts stores or major discount department store chains.white smoke without the smell of gasoline indicates head gasket leak and engine coolant is escaping thru cylinders and out of your exaust, but with the smell of gasoline it indicates unburnt fuel, sounds like your choke is stuck or your carb might need to be rebuilt cause its dumping way too much fuel into the engine.  im guessing your mpg has been crappy after the smoke has appeared also.Starting and running your motor hard on a cold day.If it is white smoke (it lingers) and not steam (it evaporates), you're burning really rich. In other words, to much gas is being fed to your cylinders, more than what can be combusted..  Could be your choke is out of adjustment if you have a carburetor.
get a Haynes manual for your car, it'll tell you how to take anything off any part of the car you can find them at almost any auto parts store,brick on gas pedal and aim for large pool of waterOK.. If I remember correctly, the piece below the radio/air controls just pops straight out. There are four clips that hold it in that are very tight. If not, you will have to remove the lower driver side dash piece, open the glove box, and remove four screws that hold the lower center dash piece in place.. Pop that piece out and there should be two or three screws under the radio/air controls that hold the entire radio/air control dash piece in. Remove those screws then the entire housing will come out. There should be more clips holding it in place, so you may need a panel popper. . After that you have to remove the screws that hold the air controls to the dash piece, then the screws that hold the deck to the metal bracket.. Good luck.. We charge 49 bucks to do it at United Car Stereo.
If you have locked them in the car, call a lock smith or pops a lock.. . If you mean you cannot get them out of the ignition, look below the key hole and you should see a small 3/4" tab sticking out of the steering wheel.  You have to push on this as you are turning and removing the key.  Ford's so called safety catch.Call AAA.Whatever you do, don't smash the windshield with a sledge hammer... try the rear window instead. Only joking, if you left the keys in the car, call a locksmith.
They need to keep the engine warm.. If they shut it down they need to warm it up again before they can drive.we do it 'cause we can only drive 10 hours straght then park 8 hours. idle engine for air conditioning and air makes the breaks work. rest areas are usually packed and at the end of 10 hours all there is is the side of the road.Do you like being comfortable in your house. I'm sure you do. Well, us truckers in those trucks, well, that is our house. Don't we get to be comfortable also???it is illeagle to idle in new york state and sleeping too hot or too cold sucksthere are mostlikly sleeping and you have to leave the truck ideling to keep the air or heat on
Psychology.  The same reason stores charge $1.99 or $10.99 or $99.99 for something.  If doesn't seem to be as much as $2.00 ir $11.00 or $100.00.because thats more than they pay just a little soo they want to make 1/10 more than the would if u only paid 9/10It's a psychological trick.  $2.99.9 sounds less $3.00I remember going with my dad on vacation, he would put us on the lookout for 29.9 cent/ gallon gas.  I guess that it started as a marketing practice, and just has become a tradition.  Even though the .1 cent seems ridiculous with the prices today.. . Perhaps there was a time when gas was in the single digits?  . . I wonder if the pumps are even ABLE to use a different fraction?
When it shakes at 60 MPH and up the tires need to be balance.. When it shakes when you apply the brakes it need the front brake rotors to be turned.You may have tire balance problems causing the shimmy at 60 mph,or a broken belt in one of the tires. The shimmy while braking is probably a rotor going bad.Sounds like the brake rotors have warped in the front. The rotors can warp from excessive heat or if they have worn too thin. Best to get your brakes looked at.
Shouldn't it be in your owner's manual somewhere near the section on bulb replacement?check out the website for them and if you are trying to replace the headlight most newer model cars all you do is replace an itty bitty bulb from the inside of the engine compartment (behind the headlight) not take the whole thing off. Call a mechanic.screwdriverYou might not be able to do it yourself.  Many car manufacturers now make it nearly impossible to do simple maintenance, like this, so you have to take it to the dealership to have the work done.  Call the dealership's service department.  They'll be able to tell  you.
they are drum brakes all the way around.... there slots in the backing plates, they may have rubber plugs in them or a piece of steal cover plate.. remove those.. take a screw driver to the gear on the adjuster inside the drum... rotate the gear til you can no longer spin the wheel then back it off 2 clicks and they are done... do that at each wheel and make sure each wheel is off the ground so you can spin it!!!!!!well! first of all you have to take the wheel off, in order to get to the brakes- then you will need the basic tools for a 69 bug- well! you need metric tools to do your brakes, then you will  need a soda bottle with an line or tube kinda and then after you done that. you will need to take the brake cap off and then make sure that you have someone to press on the brakes. but, you will have to adjust any anything whats necessary thing to get it to where your brake peddle is good and not like close to the floor.... if that do not work! you will need a vw book manual on a 69 bug they do have it in vw auto stores if theres any!
the battery charge when the car is moving not brakingTHE ELECTRIC MOTOR ONLY WORKS ON TAKE OFF. THATS THE REASON BETTER GAS MILAGE IN TOWN   . THE GAS ENGINE RECHARGES THE BATTERY WHILE DRIVINGThe electric part of the hybrid vehicle is only used in town for stop and go or low speed operation.  Most hybrids use their gasoline engines for highway driving, and while the gasoline engine is running, it also recharges the batteries.On some hybrids the engine can also be used as generator to recharge the batteries. The batteries are charged also when the vehicle is just coasting. Furthermore, their isn't much demand on the electric motor at highways speeds because the gasoline engine is doing most of the work. The electric motor is mostly used in stop and go conditions.....this is why hybrids get better fuel mileage in the city than on the highway  ( which is the opposite of conventional vehicles).It depends the hybrid you're driving, but on good hybrids the battery is charged on the highway by the rolling motion of the wheels.  It is not enough to power the car using the battery alone, but it is enough to provide enough power that most hybrids still get better highway mileage than their gas-only counterparts.  A hybrid battery will virtually never die because there is always something charging it, whether you are braking or just simply moving.  The most charge goes to the battery when you are rolling downhill and not pressing on the gas.When you drive on a hyway the engine is the primary electrical generator.
E85 is basically the highest blend of ethanol that normal cars can take without modifications.  Some flex fuel vehicles can run off higher blends of ethanol.  E85 means it is 85% gasoline, 15% ethanol, which is basically corn alcohol.That's what they were designed forYou mean, why don't they?  I am pretty sure that it has to do with the fuel injection system and the ignition of the fuel in the cylinders.Because it's cheaper than gas, and you can make E85 from corn, instead of oil.  It's alot better for the environment, too! Also if enough people would use E85 Americans wouldn't have to depend the Middle East for their oil which would be a very good thing. But of course, not all cars are able to use E85, only the newer ones are.You have to look your car up.. Please see the link below:
You can take a class in this.. But the trick is to watch all the cars around you and anticipate their next move. It's easy, you can tell when someone is going to turn even if they haven't turned on their turn signal but the way they slow down a bit and lean into the curb.Get in your monster SUV and drive those *****es down.Best advice I got:  Assume all other drivers are drunk or crazy; or both.  . . Keep checking your mirrors often.  . Drive "high"--focus on the street far ahead of you so you won't be surprised.  . Don't try to "win", whether it's getting into a lane or taking off from a stop light faster.  . Don't try to speed through on a yellow light.. Don't tailgate.. Yield right of way.  . Let people pass you who seem to be in a hurry.. Expect the worst.Why, the best defense is always a good offense! So cut 'em off, ram 'em, go around that annoying idiot as fast as you can, get in front of that slowpoke, tailgate excessively if you can't get around (him while making angry faces) pass him on the double yellow line and give rude gestures while doing so, always go through yellow lights, and above all, never, ever drive the speed limit unless you see a cop.Look at all the surrounding around you.Always be aware of whats going on around you and be constantly thinking what you will do if something happens.  I's pretty much reacting to things around you, but being ready to react.. . . Ex) If this person cuts me off, what will I do?   If this sofa falls off of the truck in front of me, what will I do and should I move to prevent the situation from even arising.STAY ALERT-STAY ALIVE! watch mirrors ,always have an ESCAPE ROUTE,obey the 2 second rule (look it up!) stay out if the NO ZONE! (look that one up too) and maintain your vehicle-this is just a start,hope it helps
i found a place but you have to pay a small fee but its newspaperarchives.com. thats the best i could findcounty clerks office,  this informatiom is public record.  however im not sure if their records will go back that far.  also try the sheriffs dept. of said county.
Wow fraud that you agreed to .... You are stuck my friend. Some state s allow 72 hours for new cars  ZERO ON USED. the only way you can get out is to prove that  he lied on the application, but you already payed 1 mos. AT this point you are stuck. You also lost the Down payment at this point-- If you give back the car its a voulentary REPO .....Hmm I think you should take it back and if you have a loan, tell them the situation also call your lawyer and he will tell you your legal rights. Always, always watch what you sign, and never make a verbal deal, never. Make sure you tell the lawyer that the dealer made you lie on the application.  Call him right away . the sooner the better. good luck!Call the police and tell your story,the officer will help you what to do next.the sales person is in big problem maybe that is how hi gets people to buy and the dealer will think very well  to fix this. maybe they don't want the bad reputation or maybe this is the last drop for them with you .You should be able to return it in 3 days with no penalty. after that you would have to proved that you were scammed, at least in my state that is the law.Some states allow you 72 hours ,or 3 business days to return a vehicle !
The gravel you see on the tracks, commonly known as ballast in railroading terms, is used to support all of the infrastructure above it, as well as the above poster's answer, to give the ties a firm support (unseen but railroad beds also have what is called subballast, which is simply packed, hardened, cement-like soil that supports the entire infrastructure above it from gravel [ballast] to rails) with which to support the rails.  Gravel is also used as a means to drain water quickly away from the rails (if water lays on rails for an extended period of time it can do serious damage), especially in the way it is shaped, to slope away into ditches located at the bottom of the right-of-way.To build a rail line, unless your using high tech equipment, thus installing concrete ties in a flat line, the gravel bed is to bed the ties on...a cushion of sorts. Wood rots over time, but that process is slowed down as most wooden ties are soaked in a non-flamable oil that also rejects water from causing rit, plus the gravel strains and drains.  I have the CPR main line between Toronto and buffalo right outside my bedroom window...I see the crews packing the beds at least 4x per year.The gravel's purpose primarily is drainage, along with keeping the right of way intact, and weed/grass free.. . The ties are not layed on gravel, rather a sub-grade, of highly compacted earth... . After the ties are layed and the track, it is ballasted -- in other words, gravel is poured on it, and the gravel/ballast is tamped and graded.its called balast. it absorbs the impact of the train as it passes over the rail.To act as a sturdy foundation to support a train.weight distribution, keeping tracks levelthe very reason of supplying gravel is for making the tracks on which the trains ply as flat as possible . The various other reasons are easy seepage of water as pointed out others and for supporting the track and not making it slip. if you notice more clearly the sleepers are well inserted inside the gravel.so as not to make the train slip when it runs in high speeds . that is why the train drivers are always adviced to go slow on newly laid tracks so that the sleepers get nicely embedded inside . the gravel also performs the work as the cushion for the earth imagine a train going on full speed on a track on level surface without gravel ( it is first hypothetical and such thing can not be made possible) the damage caused to the earth would be very great . this is why the gravel are used .this is also why the rail workers take care in maintain the gravel as they tend to roll away from the tracks.The reason gravel.............or slag is used on railways is to give a bed for the crossties (the large wooden beams under the steel rails) that will not hold water which rots wood. It is also easily repacked by  the machines used by the railroads to maintain their lines.. I hope this helps.Because gravel is easy to grade (get flat) and it compacts easily or needs very little compaction.
why would u want to?  They can still find out the real millage on ithaha thats very illegalDon't do that!Are you asking to reset the actual odometer itself or the TRIP odometer? Two very different propositions here.try a shotgun....or just trade it in :)That would be Illegal, odometer tampering is a jail-able offense.. Also I believe most states have a severe fine for tampering for profit. I think it's somewhere in the neigborhood between $15,000.00 - $25,000.00 . . Are you sure it's worth the money lost and the jail time?along with finding that out you should also seek advice on how to survive prison life cause that is where you will end up.What it's not even 2007 yet?you can reset the odometer, but it will be hard to reset the ecm. it records mileage and hours the truck is running. ..............good luck!well now wouldn't that be dishonest? Not to mention against the law?1st q why the heck ya wanna reset it to begin with ????   and by the way tampering with any vehicle odometer  is a federal crime .............
buy a chevyI have done that several times.  Use a steam cleaner to get it out.  Most car washes have one.  And febreeze it as well.trade it inyou should have gotten leather, anyways, try steaming the seat or maybe even wash it, or you can just ask your car dealer...ew.  try oxy-clean.Soak the seats with simple green, then vacuum it out.If you have a steam cleaner you can try that first.  If not, get to a store pronto and pick up a cleaner specially made for autos.  It will remove a lot of the stain and smell.  I have had excellent results from the stuff you buy to remove stains before drycleaning at home - the Dryel system.  It removes stains but not necessarily the smell.LOL...don't you just hate it when drunk or drugged teenies do that? No discipline and knowing better when to stop consuming alcohol.. . Alright...down to business. This isn't going to be easy. You'll have to pull the seats, handwash/scrub them. Vacuum them dry with a shop vac and let them air dry for a day or two. Then coat heavily with fabreeze. Sorry Jared.....this will not be any slam, bam done and no one is the wiser job. It'll take time to do it right.. . Why not get the vomit spewing little chickie over to the house and put her sorry butt to work? maybe it'll be a good lesson in her learning how to have alittle self control for a change?try oxi clean, and febreeze. good lucki had a real horrible thing happen to my car because i left my dog in the car for 5 minutes when i ran into Target and he pooped alllllllllllllllllllll over the car and it stained everything. the only thing i could do is get it detailed at the car wash and it worked and you would never know it happened.  I think poop is worse than puke so take it and just get it done.  Oxyclean will not do the job you have to have a pro do it.  It will cost about $164.00use dreft spray and wash its with the baby detergent. its not the liuid detergant its in a spray bottle, it gets anything from vomit to blood and it smell good too.mix a paste of apple cider vinegar and baking soda.  scrub on with old toothbrush or the like let sit for about an hour;  then brush away dryness.  then spray fabreze or such on spot.oxy cleannex time  dont  drink and drive .........................  good  luck
Go to Drivers SchoolChange it to Florida license. Otherwise stop driving like an idiot!examinationDid you accumulate points all at once or on different tickets? Check with traffic court or your insurance company. Usually points stay on your license 5 years and if you remain ticket free start to come off.don't get anymore tickets and the points will eventually drop off.
fuel line problem, or fuel injector problem, or you over clamped the pumpwhat made you put a fuel pump in?either you did not install the fuel pump right check all your connections and lines, check for kinks in the fuel lines etc.  or there is a fuel filter in the line that needs to be replaced.  sounds like the fuel is not get up to the carb.  also remove and replace the gas cap to release any vapor lock.If it's a mechanical fuel pump I would say you have the lift arm around the back of the cam so the pump will not operate. Jules, Automotive lecturer. Australiacheck your idle-fuel to air ratio. Stuck choke plate?Either you have dirt in the fuel lines or filter or you have air bubbles in the lines. crack the line, take an airline and blow the gas line out.... til you hear air bubbles in the tank. if that doesnt work at least you know its not that, do you have spark? if you dont, the pick up in the distributor could be bad. Main question from hubby here is Do you have any spark at all?
There is an oil tank under the engine in which the oil is kept while the engine is not running. When you start the engine, the oil pump starts sending this oil where it is needed, for example to the cylinder walls where you need the best lubrication because of the thousands of rpms they are making. Other moving parts are also lubricated and some are self-lubricated (like ball bearings) where you simply replace the part rather than lubricating it.nice english...oil pump, oil filter and oil galleries. bottom end (crank)splashes oil around journals and main bearings.the oil is contained in the oil pan, the pump pickup extends into the pan, the pump (driven from a gear off of the camshaft, generally) pumps the oil into the oil filter and then into the oil galleries, which distributes the oil to the various friction points in the engine (crankshaft, camshaft/s, rockers/lifters, etc.) and then the oil drains back into the oil pan and the cycle repeats as long as the engine runs.keeps moving parts from rubbing against each other too hardIf you're talking about the oil in a car and what it does, than it lubricates the parts that rub (pistons and others) from rubbing dry against each other and getting hot. It also keeps them from wearing out.The replies below are mostly correct. What's important to remember is that the pressurized oil actually PREVENTS metal-to-metal contact via a hydrodynamic wedge of oil. This is why it is important that the oil pressure come up quickly when the engine is started. The clearance between the parts (mainly, crankshaft journals and bearings) is critical to this, as is oil viscosity, cleanliness, and RPM - at too low and engine speed, the oil film can be broken, resulting in major damage. That's why "lugging" (to much load at too low an RPM) is so harmful.. . Rick, SAE
Some plastics deteriorate under UV light rays.  I would agree that the plastic you used for your window was probably not made for outdoor use.  Next time, try Lexan.any bend in the perspex,when couped with hot sun, will cause it to craze, even if it doesnt appear to be under stress. . normally, its a good idea to run a heat gun over any curves in the perspex, for a while, not leeting it melt, just heating it up, keeping the gun moving, until it flexes easily, then fit it inplace and let it cool it will take that shape, and no longer craze or crack.. . if its ot curved at all, cheap perspextemperature and quality cause it
No, it does not expire.  Even if your permit expired, the Drivers Ed Completion form does not.  You would have to apply for a new permit, but just show DMV the old Drivers Ed completion form, and you would be good to go (for the completion form at least).No it doesn't expire. Just make sure you mention it to your insurance company so you get a discount.
There probably is, but where in the world do you live? can't help you without that.Stop and get a bus schedulemapquestdont think so, but maybe an information phone line. search in white pages bookPut this is Google:  Your city+bus routes.  No spaces on either side of the + sign.  It should give you what you're looking for unless you live in a small town.go on line and look.Ask the bus driver for a schedule.
because sailors have a very close bond with their ships. the two great loves of a sailor, the ship and Women!so the men on the ships could have a female aroundIt's called a figurehead. The figurehead bares the same name as the ship, and of course most ships were named after women, and you may have noticed that people always refer to a ship/boat as "she".Figureheads depicted gods and goddesses, ship owners, and American presidents. Decorative scrolls were also popular.Ships and cars are always female... for some reason.I could be wrong, so don't hold it against me, but I think that shipmasters carved women into the prow of ships to appeal to Lord Poseidon and bring good luck to the ship.If you think that is funny  you should have seen what they put on the rear of the ships  ;)So that when the ship crashes the bi**h gets it first. That way the sailors who are about to die get a little satisfaction just before they go.To calm the gods of the seas, especially Poseidon.  The figurehead was, in great part, the personality of the ship.not always women's faces, the figure heads were to represent the name of the ship or to represent something significant about the ship or its owners. some ships carried animals as figure heads, like the Dolphin, a very famous ship. some ships,very unusually, were named after men, either as owners or as historical personages and as a result had male figureheads. But the most common practise of naming a ship after a woman or after a female mythological being means that many of the figure heads were female. The Scottish Tea Clipper Cutty Sark was named for a small demon in a dream(nightmare) that the ship builder had. the little female demon chased him and the builder dreamt that he escaped by running the horse he was riding across a running brook, the demon could not cross running water but did manage to grab the horses tail and pull it off, the demonic girl was wearing a flour sack dress, a cutty sark in Scot slang, and the figure head is thus a young girl in a sack dress with a hank of rope in her hand to represent the horse tale.I hope that I managed to answer your question, if you need to know more or cite references I would suggest Boston Maritime Museum
Most pistons are not perfectly circular; instead they are imperceptably oval.  This prevents them from trying to turn as they travel up and down in the cylinder bore.  The arrow is for alignment purposes.  Point them all toward the "belts" and everything should be okay.Forward, towards the belts.This side up^They point to the front.  Kind of important.Arrows in thr piston envisages that you put it in the cylinder in upright position and match the belt.arrows gennerally go towards the front why?. . the wrist pin pin that holds piston to connecting rod is actually off center in the piston this helps decrease the angular forces on the piston especially the skirt on the thrust side it also reduces rocking of the piston in the bore aka piston slap.
Take the hot wire and run it to one side of switch and then run a wire from the other side of the switch to the lights!!Where do you have the lights hooked up?  You should have a fused wire to the hot side of the battery, from there to a toggle switch.  The other side of the switch to the lights, and the other wire on the lights to a ground screw.  If the lights are red or blue and can be seen (duh) you will get a ticket if you have them on while driving.Find the negative wire of the lights and interrupt it with a relay that throws a ground when you flip the toggle. Make sure you fuse the positive side, with the correct size fuse, as close to the power source as possible to avoid shorting out the system and causing a fire
never drove a manual transmission, dont know if its possible. Drove many cars & trucks that had a manual transmission, and everyone should know how to do that or you shouldent get a license.find someone to teach you.A couple of questions-. Does the stick shift knob have a diagram on it? (lines and #'s) Hope so!!. Does the car have a tachometer? (guage that shows rpms of engine). If no tach, do you like music? (useful for listening to the pitch of the engine). Is there a parking lot where you can practice?. . Step 1) Start the car- Press both the clutch and brake (clutch with L foot, brake with R). Keep both pressed while you turn the key.. . Step 2) Get going- Once the engine is running, make sure the stick shifter is in the "1" position (this means you are in 1st gear). Let off the brake, and begin to release the clutch SLOWLY!! The engine will engage (meaning that the engine will start to turn the tires, making the car move).. . Step 3a) Watch-- Watch the tachometer- when the rpm's get to about 3000, (and this takes practice!) press the clutch, move the shifter to "2", and let the clutch out. THIS TAKES PRACTICE!! Eventually you will be able to do this very quickly. I'd recommend that you listen to the pitch of the engine- learn the sound it makes at 3000 rpm. Then you won't have to watch the tachometer all the time, you can just listen.. . Step 3b) Listen-- When the pitch of the engine gets high, like it's being reved (which it is), shift up-- (and this takes practice!) press the clutch, move the shifter to "2", and let the clutch out.. . Step 4) Continue to watch the tachometer (look at it occasionally- watching the road is always more important!) If you want to continue going faster, repeat Step3 (a or b) but shifting to "3", etc.. . Step 5) Stopping and slowing down- Using both feet (as assigned above), press both the brake and clutch. When your desired speed is reached, put the shifter in the appropriate position. Usually, "1" is used if you are under about 3 mph, 2 for anything under 15mph, 3 for 15- 25 mph, etc.. . Step 6) Practice, practice, practice!!!. . I'd recommend that you listen to the pitch of the engine- learn the sound it makes at 3000 rpm. Then you won't have to keep checking the tachometer all the time, you can just listen.. . Also, when in doubt about what to do, push in the clutch- it will allow you time to think before ripping out the transmition...I've never owned a manual transmission car and neither did my parents when I was a kid so I never had to learn.  Several people tried to teach me in their cars/trucks but I lost patience.  I tried to buy a new car with a stick but decided against it.  . If I could get from dead stop to go through first gear, I was OK. . . The three worst things about driving a stick is getting from stop to go without squealing the tires or stalling the car, being stopped going up a hill and not rolling backwards into the car behind you,  and having to push in and letting out the clutch in very slow rush hour traffic.  The following link is very descriptive.  There's even a site that sells a videotape to learn how if you type in "How to drive a stick shift" in Yahoo.with a heavy right foot,a happy left one,..... a smile on yer face ,.... and no particular place to go ! =o)LIKE A PRO
The "child-lock" feature of the lock is in ON mode. Try to put if off by switching the lock switch located in most cars at the point where the door lock hinge is...good luck!Remove the door panel and look for the rod that fell off of the lock cylinder. The clip that secures the rod is most likely broken. Be careful while poking around inside the door, there are sharp edges that can slice you up pretty good.Change the entire lock....Open the door from inside. You'll see something (a metal rod kind, which is small), try moving it up if it down or visa verse. It is located at the side of the door.
park up in any ghetto. leave the car unnatended for five mins. and hey presto. as if by magic. they're goneusually the screw for the speakers will have to accessed from the trunk. just take the old ones out unhooking the wires that are connected. Then get the new speakers and put them in from the trunk as well. once you see where the screws have been put in it'll be easy
Those tiny little convertible sports cars like the Miata.  Why not just wear a sign that says "I'm having a midlife crisis."the hummer 3s and scion a/b.  blahhhhhhummers, and cars with spinners. I hate spinners they are the stupidist things.I like all cars.The Fiat Multipla.. The car looks like it has breasts.. I call it the Boobmobile.. . Check out: http://ilovemymultipla.com/. It's the car in the upper-right corner.Honda Element for starters. . Pontiac Vibe 2nd. . Mercedes 230 Model-an expensive foreign Cavalier to me. . Pontiac GTO- a souped up expensive Cavalierthe big HUMMER 1ok i got it........its that thing that looks like a box on wheels and the annoying one is the volkswagon beetle,,,,,,,,,,eek!!!!. . do i get the 10 pts?tercel, station wagons, old suv'sFord Pinto ( Old School )All HummersThe "Gremlin",.Scions and anything that is two toned i.e. everything is red but the hood is blue.  Tacky.Honda Element and ALL  ScionsYugo,but I can't remember the last time I saw one running.Anything that looks like a box on wheels--scion, honda element, nissan exterra, etc. just think you can get a refrigerator box and put wheels on it and call it a car!Any 80s sedan!  I think they look boxy and nerdy.neons with giant spoilers or any other little dinky car with a spoiler for that matter.YOURS!!!. no, i'm kidding, it's actually mine...In this part of the world, I think it is Contessa.the new chevy AVEO..Looks like a toy car...Freeways, Pintos, Pacers, Fiats, Gremlins, Chevettes, Scions, and thats pretty much all I can think of right now.
All of the above are wrong. I know this because my wife got this question on a driving test.. . The answer is: A flashing green light is a pedestrian controlled light.Left turn is allowed on flashing green.  Which is the case for Ontario, however check with local traffic laws before veering into on coming traffic.it could mean that they were working on the lights them selves and wanted people to take precaution of the traffic.In parts of Canada (the Maritime Provinces, Quebec, Ontario and Alberta), a flashing green light has a special meaning. It is identical in meaning to signals where one side has both green and a green left-turn arrow, and the opposite side has red (cross-traffic has red as well). The light phase is known as "advanced green", and a sign saying "Advanced green when flashing" is usually attached to the light in question. The opposite side often has a sign attached to their lights saying "Delayed Green Wait for signal." Advanced green indicates that the opposing traffic is facing a red light, and it is safe for the driver to turn left. In Ontario, older lights with this system are slowly being phased out in favour of more universally-understood left-turn arrow signals.. . In British Columbia and Massachusetts and a few other states, a flashing green signal is used to warn of a crosswalk at which pedestrians have the ability to stop traffic to allow a safe crossing. They may also be used at a drawbridge. The flashing green indicates that the signal is not currently in use. It changes to solid green for a short time before entering the normal yellow/red/green sequence, then returns to flashing green until another crossing is requested; however, in some places such as Vancouver, it goes directly from flashing green to yellow, leaving out the solid green sequence.Always keep moving.
heat the barrell  /s   with a blow torch after soaking  with  WD. if trying to turn go backwardspour in enough coca cola in the sparkplug hole to cover the piston, usually 6 or 7 oz's. leave it in for two or three hours and try turning the engine over without the starter.Turn the  flywheel by hand either with the pull rope,if it has one, or with a screw driver.Don't leave the coca cola in there any longer then two days.diesel is an excellent penetrating liquid and cheap be sure to clean well before starting.A mechanic once told me to use diesel fuel to get stuck pistons going.  Let it soak for a while.  Apparently it's an excellent lubricant and penetrated well.  I've never tried it though but I believe him.Pour diesel oil or Marvel Mystery oil or even brake fluid into the spark plg holes. Let it sit a couple days. Grab it by the prop or however you can turn it over by hand and try to move it back and forth. Keep repeating the whole thing untill it moves all the way., then put some more oil in there and turn it over lots and lots to loosen it up. Put in a little carb cleaner to clean out the oil (alot of oil comes out the plug hole when you turn it over). Put your thumb over the hole when you turn it now to see if it has compression. Put it back together with fresh plugs. You might need some starter fluid to get it going (make sure you have a spark). Give it a fresh oil change before you run it.It wont be easy. I think the best way to do this would be to remove the connecting rod for that piston (which means basically you will have to disassemble the engine) and hammer the piston out by using a peice of wood and a hammer.Try a good brand of penetrating oil through the spark plug hole first.With the engine secured to a rigid stand and a good pair of leather palmed gloves, try to work the flywheel back and forth to see if you can break the rust. .  Even if you can get it free, there is already damage to the cylinder walls from the piston rings corroding on them. Also, the piston rings are likely corroded to the piston so you wont have a very good seal. I would recommend taking this engine apart and properly cleaning it up. And yes, the piston might have to be pounded out..  Your lucky, I had to do this to a V8 once. I went through a lot of lumber pounding 8 pistons out.poor a thin oil in to the cylinder and let it sit for a day then try it. but get as much oil out as you can befor you start itthe oldest trick in the book is to use red diesel.  a pore some into the engine and leave for a week or so and then empty the diesel out and .  then place in a oven to  warm the engine up .   when it is hot remove from oven with welder .   gloves on, and place the crank-end in a vice .   tyeten up  the vice  and turn the engine slowly.   until it comes free if not repeat the proses??Yes on the diesel. Pour some in through the spark plug hole, replace the plug, and leave it a few days. Repeat!Try that stuff they call Marvel mystery Oil. . I heard it works wonders. . Pour it into the spark plug hole and let it sit  acouple days. Keep doing this for a week if no results than you will have to disassemble the engineTake out the spark plug and spray penetrating lubricant into the cylinder and let it soak in for a day.
Actually, GMC stands for General Motors truck and Carraige division.  So not everything can be stuck under GMC.  Whatever though, this is a free service, so that's just how it is.Well it owned by GM and they just think theGM &  GMC one will cover it The Name GMC means GENERAL MOTORS CORPORATION ,. and or the Chevy one,   is a good question , and i noted they have the main three ford , FORD, LINCOLN & MRECERY so its just the way the Yahoo folks do it i guessI agree! And it is one of the best too.Maybe it is because Buicks are so good that nobody has any questions about them! Most of the questions I see are...'My X broke...How do I fix it?' I wish Buick made a midsize wagon again...I really loved my old Century Wagon...good question. you should contact one of the yahoo answers people about that.
I'm assuming it didn't actually melt.  I'm assuming it got hot and left a sticky film on your paint job.  Get a cleaner called "GOO GONE".  It takes off just about anything without messing up the paint job.  (except a magnet that is actually melted onto a door!)plyersspray it with a pressure washer along the crease (the edge) of the magnet . this happen to me alot and that always worked and didnt wreck the paint.Very Carefully!prise it of and hope no paint damageblow dryer
do you mean a rotor,if so you need to remove the caliper first.PepBoysbest bet would be to find a shop with a (on the car brake lathe)You wore out the brake rotor in 4 years?  Ease up on the things!  Maybe replacing the pads before that point would have been a good idea too.take off the wheel of course, then remove the caliper assembly with a 19mm wrench.  there will be two philips screws holding the rotor on, you may need an impact driver (available at sears)  to turn those screws as they are usually rusted on.they shold be a floating rotor that is once you remove the brake caliper it should just pull off.  or you may have to lightly tap it from the rear.  if your going to keep it have it turned if your doing brakes or i found it is cheaper to buy new
Not very many countries in the Far East drive on the left. Aside from most former British colonies, there's Japan, Indonesia, Macau, Mozambique, Thailand and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Also, you don't have to have the steering wheel on the right in order to drive on the left... but many countries have banned cars with steering wheels on the wrong side.It's not worth the trouble. I live in Greece (left-hand drive) & drive a British car. (right-hand drive) I don't have a problem.. You wouldn't be able to reach the peddles either! ;o)It will be very expensive to change the steering wheel from side to side, better just to leave it alone.. The export fees will depend on the value of the vehicle and  the method of transporting it.Exporting cars involve more than changing the steering wheel. Each country has its own regulation and costly to meet the specifications. Also you need to consider duties. Pay somebody to get some real advice.It is not necessary and moreover, it is cost prohibitive.Far-East countries and people care less about which side of the car that they are driving.  As a matter of fact, the steering on the wrong side of the car makes it genuinely import thus the value even may be increased.I think it might be cheaper and easier just to buy a new car when you get there. I've never heard of anyone changing the driving side around ... it would probably take some serious engineering.Not just the wheel, but the whole dashboard with all the wiring, etc. and all the mechanicals under the hood. Cheaper to sell and buy a car in the country you're considering
You need to sand it down with very fine sandpaper and prime it with the proper base for plastic and then put your primary coulor on and perhaps another coat to finish it off.Make sure you prep your surface(sanding,priming.etc.) Then use a paint especially for plastics that has a flex agent in it. Ask your salesman (or person) at the paint store. They can help you with this. Or read on back of can if you are using a spray bomb.1st strip old paint off,then use epoxy primer & then re-paintThere is some new spray paint out in really good colors that is made especially for plastic. I saw some in Wal Mart
Grabowsky Motor Coach- Spelling might be wrong but this IS the CORRECT answer.  It was founded by two brothers and the renamed  Rapid something or other whem GM purchased it.  Points To Me!!!!!!!!!GMC = General Motors of Canada. BowTie came from wallpaper. . . THE C IS FOR CANADA!Since you've given the answer for the second part, I'm going to guess Generalized Multi-Carrier for the first.. . I was always told it stood for General Motors Company/Corporation.. . Still doesn't sound right...*wanders off to research*isn't General Motors Corporation ? no know on the logoGeneral Motor Company and I guesse he done the bowtie cuz his wife thought it up i dont really know.General Motors Corporation...don't know the other...:(General Motors Corporation. wallpaper pattern in a hotel suiteGMC stands for General Motor Company  And the bow tie came from the original designer saying ties represent professionalism.G.M.C. stands for got mechanic comingGMC=General Motors Corporation and the bowtie is from a piece of wallpaper.
well roads have a wieght restriction per axle. and if the truck has more wieght on the truck then the axles allow he can drop an axle to shift wieght and reduce the wieght per axle making him legal.For load distribution.......to distribute the weight of the truck evenly to all the axles. With 18 wheelers they are allowed 12000 lbs. on the steer axles (the ones in the front) 34000 lbs on the drives ( the ones that are actully pulling the unit) and 34000 on the trailer( what is being pulled) Hope this information will help you. If you want anymore info feel free to IM me...will help if I can.THEY ARE NOT SPARES the extra wheels are for weight distribution to keep the per axle/per wheel weights legalYou often see this on dump truck,too. They are used when the truck is loaded so they can haul more weight. They are raised when empty or lightly loaded so it reduces wear on the tires. Normally a air operated system.for really heavy loads and when dumpingThey're spares.When they are carrying heavier weights they lower them,. .sparesmost are spares but some are used for very heavy loadsfor the same reason regular cars do..its a spare in case of emergency
If its a small leak-BUY Bronze Seal ! LARGE leak K&W Block sealer-or get a propane torch & soder & somebody that knows how to use them.BUT be sure you don't have another problem like a blown head gasket or stuck thermostat.Be sure you have coolant flow.Be sure the radiator cooling fins are clean so the air will flow through it.If you buy the right radiator it will fit without modifications.don't  know don't careA radiator on a taxi? i'm sure they have radiators pretty much everywhere, unless you plan to live outsideBuy a radiator for the make and model of the car, replace it, fill with coolant, and drive many more carefree miles with that strange smell only a taxi will have.Whenever fitting a rad to any car, make sure it is bled out properly afterwards. This is very important. If the system gets air locked then it will cause damage..  After fitting and filling with water do the following. Turn on engine, put inside heaters on full heat {internal airflow}, Wait for fan to come on and the heat to come out of vents. Abit more difficult if there are bleeding nipples. Watch the in dash temperature. If air is hot and fan comes on then it is bled,. If ther is no hot air and the car starts to boil then turn it off and gat a pro.
you need a trade school. they only teach the actual work like an apprentiship. look in the phone book.Try And Go To A High School Or A College. They Might Get Extra Credit.  And If You Ask If You Could Pay Them For A Job Thats Well Done.Most Vo-tech schools do this type of body work.  Many high schools also have departments now for auto mechanics and do custom work as a sideline.  Get your phone book and start  calling.. Good luck!Have you tried doing a search for schools that teach automotive technical skills.Trade school may offer such cources.  But, you best bet is to be buddies with someone that does this for a living & help out all you can!I've seen some car detailing schools on the internet.  Try googling the phrase "car detailing school".. . Best of luck!  You can practice on my car!First off try asking your local body shop dealers. I am sure they can lead you to the right direction. also you could try google.com and type in autobody schooling or autobody painting, etc. good luck.High Schools and Junior colleges do this where I live, so you might check with some of those but now it is summer and they may not have summer classes. Most of the guys doing it are doing it to fix up there own but you can ask an instructor to recommend someone from the class that needs a vehicle to work on. If you live close to the Mexico border and know someone that travels back and forth to Mexico you can get a real deal on such but of course that is not insured.
You would need to contact your local department of motor vehicles and ask them. Usually you will need to fix the vehicle, contact your local police department to do an inspection, take the inspection form to the DMV to get a new title for it. In indiana you need to have receipts where you got the parts to fix it ,and the police inspection then you are issued a "rebuilt" titlecat d no problem just repair it and goI would save up for a new one if I were you, though having lost my first and favourite car as a complete (and dangerously unsalvageable) write-off, I can understand the desire to get it fixed if you can!  Chat to your local car repair centre...
A sedan is a four door car.Sedan generally means the auto has 4 doors."sedan" refers to a fixed-roof car with at least four doors or any fixed-roof two-door car with at least 33 cubic feet of rear interior volume, according to measurements based on SAE standard J11OO.From Wikipedia:. . A sedan seats four or more and has a fixed roof that is full-height up to the rear window. Most commonly it is a four-door; two-door is rarer but they do occur (more so historically).Yeah sedan is the closed model, the car.. like a nissan sentra. Coupe just means "cut" in french so its like saying it only has 2 doors. A sedan MAY have 2 or 4 doors.. . "A sedan car, American English terminology (saloon in British English), is one of the most common body styles of the modern automobile. At its most basic, the sedan is a passenger car with a separate hood covering the engine in the front, and a separate trunk for luggage at the rear—the archetypical "3-box" car."A sedan has four doors while a coupe has 2 doors.se·dan    ( P )  Pronunciation Key  (s-dn). n. . A closed automobile having two or four doors and a front and rear seat.The meaning has deteriorated over the years and really doesn't mean anything anymore except as a car with front and back seats and a fixed roof.. . Like most automotive terms, it comes from the days of horse and carriage, when "sedan" did mean a specific type of carriage.. . But now sedans can be two doors or four, big or small.Car with 4 doors . . as opposed to a coupe which has 2 doors
Check the exhaust system. It could have a leak!it is either the exhaust system or it has to do with one of your spark plugs. Check for a leak in the exhaust and then make sure that all of your spark plug wires are on tight
there is a float in the gas tank the rod that holds this in place could be bentThe sensor is at one end of the tank. If you're parked on a hill it could register wrong. It could also be a bad fuel gauge.
the trailing arm is to keep the rear axle from moving left and right in turns. the body of the car is going one way the axle wants to go the opposite the trailing arm prevents thisto keep the rear end square to the car - so you drive straight down the road
Most idiot drivers around the Philadelphia area are bigshot MEN on their cellphones. . . You just pay more attention to *women* drivers because you don't want to admit that MEN can be just as crappy at driving sometimes.Why don't everyone just stop using cell phones when driving and then see the statistics on both sides, I bet it will be a whole lot better for everyoneIt's not just women. I will not talk on the phone and drive. I have my baby in the car, that is just stupid. I have had several near misses though and it usually seems to be men who are not paying attention or just acting arrogant. I've come to the conlusion that I am the only good driver on the road.Well I am not a bad driver and I have been driving over 30 years.... I do not even own a cell phone and hate drivers who use it while driving.... They act like they can't get off or move their other hand or arm.... It is like the phone is glued to their ear.... I took a few driver safety training courses for my jobs and to lower my insurance, so I am quite aware of safety on the road...appereantly they  can multitask but thinking about how they look and talking on the phone with their kind about how will they look the next day, fills up the multi-task option. Anything after that is not important to pay attention to, like red lights, driving a car.men are just as bad gotta plugg the phones in to get directions on how to irk some oneThat is not true about all women and I see men in accidents as well for bieng on their cell phones.I dont think most women are bad drivers. Old men and women that drive too slow annoy me the most. They must be afraid of rolling it over when they go around a corner slower then I can walk. I'm usually not in a hurry but I want to at least do the speed limit.(no,not on a corner)women are bad drivers because they're too busy worrying about if some guy loves them or not.... . They are emotional and it showsthere not...even though my boyfriend says i am a bad driver...he is just crazy...statistics  show women are safer drivers than menTHEY WERE TAUGHT BY MEN...AND I AGREE WITH LUNA'S MOM!!!Yeah, supposedly women can multi-task, but certainly not in this instance.  They can drive just fine, and boy can they talk on the phone, but they never should at the same time.Why do are you so ignorant that you generalize like this. Go to your insurance company.  Get the stats, Teenage males have the worse driving records and the highest fatality rates.. . Would you happen to be a teenage male??  I'll bet you are.they can't do two things at once.....They smoke, they drink, they are supposed to stop but they cant:))Apperently women aren't as bad as men at driving why do you think a women gets insurance breaks before men? I am 26 and have only been in one accident and it was due to weather conditions. My boyfriend on the other hand is 25 and has been in 6 accidents.they talk too much.. , make up too much, and while driving they still cannot concentrateWe aren't, but you clearly are an idiot- why is that?its funny cuz everytime i see someone driving dumb..its a dude..on his cell phone or reading a map...i swear you guys have no sense of direction!!! think twice before you post manWe aren't, you guys just think that because you in the car to go to a basketball game and your girl-friend/wife is driving you, so you think she is a bad driver,because she going to slow or because you giving her to much pressure and so she gets worried and starts to panic so you wont be mad at her.not all are women idioti dont know but ur right..........omg....im a good driver (23/m) and i dont let any of my girl (friends) drive...hahah they suck...they dont pay attention!!!!
I'm assuming you want to remove the CV shaft and not just the joint. Typically it's easier to remove the shaft and work on the joint.. . The removal differs slightly with each make and model.. . Car's Make, model and year would be very useful in your question.. . If you're looking on how to remove the axle nut, my advice is to place the car on the ground on all 4 wheels and use a good ratchet and a 3 foot cheater bar with lots of liquid wrench.generally speaking because I don't know excactly what you working on , remove the hubcap and there will be a large nut that you will need a 30,32, or 36 mm socket, a half inch drive breaker bar and a cheater pipe about 4 ft long to break loose.after you get that nut loosened raise the car and remove the tire.  there will be a pinch bolt or something similar holding the lower ball joint to the steering knuckle, remove it. remove the stabilizer link, have a assistent stand on the lower control arm to push it doen as far as it can go and get the steering knucle off the ball joint.  take a wooden block and hammer and hit the end of the axle to loosen it from the hub bearing.  push the joint the rest of the way though and get it free.  pull on the inner joint itself to remove it from the transaxle,  it has a spring clip that holds it so it will pop out all at once with a relly good pull or you may have to pry it with a large screwdriver,  some fluid may leak while the axle is out.  put your new axle in just how it came out,  remanurfactured axles are the way to go. they usually run 75-100.  Make sure you look up the tourqe spec on that axle center nut and follow it when putting it all back together.I could explain it to you but it would take more space than i have here.It is cheaper and easier to go ahead and replace the entire halfshaft.Go to your local library and do the research.You have to pull the shaft to disassemble the c/v joint any way.IF your good with and have the proper tools you can do the job in about 1 1/2 hours.Don't forget to replace the seal.Halfshafts are about $125 to $150 bucks at your nearest auto parts store.Yikes! I would have a mechanic do it if you don't know how already. It's a greasy, messy job. By all means if you can afford it pay someone who is experienced.
Nobody really knows but before the Lotus Eleven all Lotus road cars were known as Mark 1, Mark 2 etc. However, when it came to the Lotus Eleven using the numerical symbol confused the car with the Roman Numerals for the number 2. Consequently, since the Lotus Eleven all Lotus road car names have started with the letter E. Incidentally, the Elise is named after the current Lotus chairmans daughter.i don't know, but at least they don't just name them a number like some car companies.  come on, think up a name, slackers!I guess its branding,  I wonder how they got away with the sun beam!Lotuses start with E because E= EXCITING & EXTRAVAGANT!! Isnt that what Lotus stands for!!Because they are DYLETRIC  ha haExcruciatingly Gorgeous... lolThe Lotus 7 is small, simple, lightweight two-seater open-top sports car, and doesn't start with an E.  I don't know when Lotus changed to the E names - Elan, Esprit, et al
because its where everyone puts on the brakes & it pushes the road & it has no where to go it goes up & down its compressing it foward.. you see & feel it befor a stop sign.  it is also common between intesections be fore & after driveways  braking & acceleration.is called wash boarding  also if water has run off dur to heavy rains will also do this but mainly from traffic
Power Door is a new option on  cars.  You pull the door handle and the door opens by it self. It's supposed to help kids, the elderly and people with the handicaps......overall it's a cool option to have.Power door refers to a power assisted sliding door.. . This is normally found on high end minivans.. . Tug the handle and it will self close and latch for you.  Tug to open and it will automatically open for you.. . Great for kids, elderly and moms with hands full of packages.
put slime in it or take the tire off fill it with air and put it in something with water and you will find the hole then go out and buy a tire repair kit and follow the instructions and it woud be as good as new  YOU WONT HAVE TO PAY A MECHANIC TO FIX ITSlime of fix a flat is a temp fix that may not work at all, it also throws off the dynamic and static balance of your tire. You can find the leak by spraying soapy water on the tire, you also can plug the hole if its in the tread with a plug kit but its not recommended. Also never use a plug in a side wall, if you have a leak in the sidewall its a new tire you need.. If you do have a leak in your tread, take the tire off and patch it right on the inside! Its the safest way! And rebalance the tire too!there is a product call fix a flat and there is another one called slime you can get it at any autoparts store..  before you go out and buy any of that you need to check to see where the slow leak is coming from by using a spray bottle of soapy water first spray the the bed and look for bubbles.  . if it is coming from the bead of the tire ( where the tire and rim meet) then you will have to get the tire remountedyes there is a product like that but it will cause a vibration while driving, the best thing to do is to find the leak with soapy water and plug it or patch it, a tire store can helpYes, It's called fix a flat. You can buy it in automotive stores everywhere. Easy to use.Go to les schwab and have them do it cheap or if lucky free. Or buy a used tire
ok guys listen up you have disposal fees for used oil's and liquids  you can call a company like (Safty clean) they also rent uniforms, frame machine is around $12,000 for a descent one and all hardware, air compressor is about 3,500 for a good onemost tools can be bought on time from snap-on or mac or anyplace like that and just pay a certain amount each month,your paints and clears and thinners should be bought in bulk to make it cheaper,and as far as your lift and welder go you wont need a 6,000lb lift  your frame machine will do just fine and the welder guess again try 2 to 3 thousand for a descent mig   at an guestimat i would say a probable start up would ru8n you at a bare minimum if you were just to get the doors open would be around 20,000 to 30,000 dollars it isnt cheap plus your building rental or lease and to have it rewired to handle your electric needs as for compressor and lighting would be pretty high alsoi would lean toward the 30,000 dollar mark for start up cast!   good luck in your venture i hope it works for you  p.s. i would look into auto repair cheaper to operate and tools are cheaper.it all depends on the size of the shop like 2 or 3 bay garage maybe more ok im looking for the samething im from cleveland ohio
cold cold water will take it off really easy.. . God bless & hugs from Texas. {:-). <><If you don't get it rinsed off quickly before it dries, the paint will be damaged to the extent that it needs to be repainted.  Once it dries, the damage is done.  . . As eggs dry out they start to rot and generate sulphur dioxide.  When mixed with water, this forms sulphuric acid.  This etches the paint permanently.  It needs to be taken down to the bare metal, primed, and repainted.. . If someone did this as a "prank", they owe you for the damage to your car.  File in small claims court for reimbursement if they refuse to pay.  File a police report and press charges.  That will wake them up QUICKLY!. . This isn't a joke or prank, it's criminal damage.  These are NOT friends.  As the old saying goes, "With friends like that, who needs enemies?". . I can't overstress the importance of getting the damage repaired quickly.  If the damaged paint isn't removed down to the bare metal and repainted, the sulphuric acid will continue to eat through the paint and eventually attack the metal, causing it to rust through.  This happened to my Dad's car back in the 1960s and about a year after the egging, we had holes appearing all over the car.  It was so bad he had to buy a new car.try oxy-clean or stop pissing people off:)with friends like that, you don't need enemiesput a wet towel on it or leave the car out overnite and if the car is wet early in the morning then you can scrape it off using a plastic scraper. The answer is getting it real wet and softTry paste wax.  You can get it at the hardware store.stop pissing people off and i will stop egging your car.. . drive nicely, and dont sit in the left lane until it ends and cut in front of people and stuff.Cold water and something oil-based.was posted 2 hours ago / it is dried - use Baking Soda or ground up rolaids tablets / and (Use Distilled Water!) water to try and get it off, heavy on the soda / tables - it attempts to nutralize the corrosive effect it is NOT guranteed to work.  We have use this and a nutralizer in the shop before and then blending work to repair the clear / BUT / we stopped the problem before it went all the way through the clear, once the clearcoat is broken the exterior seal for water is done, and then you need a LOT more work.two strips of bacon, ham and sausagesorry the same thing happened to us when we borrowed a friend's car. You may need a new paint jobsee if vinegar will dissolve egg I have been racking my brain trying to think of something,you can try 'castrol super clean' but put some on a spot of paint inside the door or trunk to see what it does to the paint before trying it on the body.. I would say get the cops involved to.
You are moving 100 Liters of water plus the cart, wheels, drive train etc, a lower gearing on a chain drive would give more power and torque to navigate the soft and hilly terrain, but your top speed will be lowered,   If you put a trailer behind a golf cart it may be sufficient and you won't have to build anything, other wise use a golf carts motor, I recommend at least 5 bhp.  NyeYou'd need a little more info like:. . Is it on level ground or up and down a slope. . Is it a hard surface it is travelling on or a soft one. . The speed you want the trolley to move at, some sort of geared motor. The slower the speed the smaller the motor.. . Once you get the motor size you can determine the type of battery you would need.Ist tell about size of tire ,speed , ground mud/road /concrete?. after all these information  one can tell you about motor size and battery.a big one100L = 100kg water container which is a little heavier than a human. Outside of that you have just described a Automatic wheelchair. Maybe you can find out the Specifications for a wheel chair and match those.
I've heard good things about Seafoam.  In the intake through a vacuum line, in the oil (then change it after 50 miles) and some through the gas.. . I've only put some through the gas (actually doing it now).  Read up for yourself, but I think its worth looking into.Yep, kristyinheels is absolutely correct.  Great answer!!. . The only other option would be to have the Head(s) removed and professionaly serviced and re-installed.Actually 2 ways. "Old man" way and the Right way."Old Man" "Old School" way  is to pour small amounts of anti freeze or water thru the intake.Anti freeze or water super heats in the combustion chambers and breaks off the carbon. Your can really damage your engine by doing this. Correct way is to take it to a qualified repair shop. They have the chemicals and equipment to do it properly.
Umm, it weighs the same at any speed.. . What you may be referring to is the forces on the con rod and crank/bearings, which has little to do with centrifugal force :-) . You're looking at a linear braking and acceleration, at each end of the piston travel, so you'd need to know how fast it's traveling up and down the bore... except that's not linear, since the crank is offet, so the piston speed varies over the length of it's travel.. . You might want to try laying out a series of 1:1 drawings to get the dimensions involved,  then go from thereWhat you need is a gram scale large enough for the piston to rest on. weigh each piston with rings .wrist pins and locks ( if equipped) record each piston weight (remember to # the pistons so not to mix them up) Use the lightest piston weight and adjust the other pistons to this weight by removing material inside the piston. A quality set of pistons are going to be close to the same weight . Now for a little advice,if your building this engine for street use and occasional dragging its not really worth the time and effort and the possible mishaps of removing more material than would be for safe operation.Take in consideration that this is a wet sump system and oil returns through drain holes in the valley , heads and slung off the cam and lifters. this oil gets slug around off the crank and onto the pistons causing each pistons weight to vary anyway.As far as the weight of the piston at diffrent RPMs ,the piston weighs the same at all RPMs except for the oil dropplets that land on it which you have no control over. Don't be concerned with matching the weight of your new pistons with the weight of your old pistons.
The gasses used to infalte airbags are actually combustion gasses.  The bag is inflated by a small explosive charge that is ignited by an electronic ignitor.  Essentialy, the bag expanding is the result of the shockwave from this explosion.. . Storing a gas and releasing it to inflate the bag is not a feasible way to operate this kind of system, since the speeds of infation necessary for safe operation cannot be achieved.when your car gets hit in an area that would cause the air bags to explode it starts a reaction that causes a small explosion that inflates the air bag
Buy the Ford Fiesta Diesel. HIghly refined and a gr8 drive. You won't regret it one bit...Try a Peugeot! You will never drive anything better apart from maybe a Volkswagen Golf Cdi getting 1200km from one tank!
It is located on the drivers side along the frame just in font of the drivers door. Pull out the pins holding the filtr. Out the new one in. and replace the pinsYou may wish to check www.autozone.com which has repair info on-line.  It gives the location of the fuel filter, what type of connections you may encounter.  Normally, I crimp the fuel line directly in front of the filter and behind the filter with locking jaw pliers to stem the flow of gas before removing the filter.  But use only enough pressure to stop the flow and be careful not to damage the line.
toyota yaris ,scion xa ,chevrolet aveo. 12,500          ,13500   ,      10500. 34/39             ,32/37     ,    26/34. it's better off  with the toyota scion is a good looking don't buy the chevy unless ur broke good luckThe bicycle..    bicycle riding uses less food the walkingGet a scooter you can pick a nice one up for a couple grand and they get close to 80 mpg.Hybrids are the cheapest of you keep your vehicle a very long time, but breakeven insn't until at least 60,000mi for most people.. . So if immediate gas savings is your goal, a Honda Civic or Toyota Corolla is your best bet. I prefer the Honda, because Corollas handle like Buicks (badly).
If you change engine displacement, you will most likely have "ECM" ISSUES. It would be best to simply replace your bad motor with that of the same displacement. And if you wish for a different and more powerful engine, you might want to consider a different vehicleIf you purchase a box of Cracker Jacks I'm sure they have an engine suitable for your car. My friends and I call them "SunFlowers". Thats our joke, laugh at it.. . -J.2.3 literHow deep are your pockets? You can install a 4.3 pretty easily and you can install a 572 big block if your willng to pay for all the upgrades to the tranny and rr end and frame2.4 ecotec. . possibly the 2.0 supercharged cobalt ss motor. . ive also seen people put v6's and v8's if you can fabricate
Originally it was a car that Carroll Shelby designed.In 1962 Carroll took a British A.C. with an underpowered engine and dropped in a Ford 260 ci V-8. It progressed from there.In 1965,Ford brought Carroll into the company and had him design the 1965 Shelby GT 350 Mustang.The Shelby name stayed at Ford until 1970. For awhile the Shelby name was at Chrysler,but eventually found its way back to Ford and the Mustang. So,to make a long answer short(too late) The Shelby is a sports car with a history of racing.Being in the Ford section the Shelby can stand for a lot of things to a lot of different people. But most recently the Shelby that is all the buzz in the auto world right now is a mew Mustang.. . For the model year 2007 Ford is re-releasing the Shelby Mustang. It is a 475 hp car that is killing it's competition. Right out of the box with no modifications it is running a 12 second quarter mile. . . The first production Shelby for the '07 model year was auctioned off at Barret-Jackson Auto Auction for $700,000. I wish that that was a typo but I saw it with my own two eyes. The price point on this car was supposed to be around 36k to 42k however the Ford GT lists for $149,500 but you can't get one hardly for less than $225,000. I will venture to say that this particular Shelby will end up being a $60,000 care that will have very low production numbers to keep it exclusive.. . This Shelby will be the most powerful Mustang ever built and will be the benchmark for the pony car market.LeAnne will you marry me?THE Shelby. It's the ultimate marriage between a British sports car and an American V8.you must clarify-shlby cobra or shelby mustang or don't forget the dodge shelby charger 2.2 of the early 1980's-the cobra was a small british sports car made by AC thats why some refer to it as the AC COBRA ,the story goes something like Carroll Shelby saw one of these tiny cars parked in a lot somewhere and measured the engine bay and found that the new 260cid ford would fit ,so him and ford and the ac car company teamed up to make em.well if some is good more is better so in went the grand national (what you youngsters call NASCAR) 427 side oiler-2500 lbs and 500 hp = bye bye corvette,bye bye ferrari ,this was the super double throw down  BMOC!!! well ford owned and still owens the name so when they needed a special mustang they trotted out the cobra name and OL' Shel as he is still known worked his intended magic presto ,you get mustang cobra!well Lee Iacoca helped invent the mustang and he knew the value of name recognition(as evidenced by your inquiry 40 some years later!)so when he needed a hot rod k-car he called on OL' Shel down in texas to come up to deetroit and work his magic again-so there you have it -1964-66 260/289 cobra 1965-67 427 cobra, 1960's shelby cobra mustangs,dodge shelby charger 2.2 turboA mustang designed by Caroll Shelby. It is a supercharged V8 & is a great racing car with a great history. Especially the new one! A dispute settled & an amazing car results!HOPE THIS INFO HELPS A LITTLE!!. -******************************. POWERTRAIN. 5.4-liter, DOHC, 32-valve, 90-degree V-8. 500 horsepower, 480 lb.-ft. of torque (SAE certified) . Roots-type Eaton supercharger and air-to-water intercooler . Iron block, Ford GT aluminum heads, dual exhaust . Tremec TR6060 6-speed manual transmission. Rear-wheel drive, 3.31:1 axle ratio; Traction Control. . CHASSIS. Wheelbase:107.1 in.. Height:54.5 in. (Coupe) / 55.7 (Convertible). Length:187.6 in.. Width:73.9 in.. Weight:approx. 3,920 lbs. (Coupe). . SUSPENSION. Front: Reverse-L independent MacPherson strut, 34mm tubular stabilizer bar . Rear: Three-link solid axle with coil springs, shocks, Panhard rod, 24mm solid stabilizer bar. Steering: Power-assisted rack-and-pinion. Wheels/Tires: 18 x 9.5-inch aluminum/P255/45ZR-18 front / . P285/40ZR-18 rear. . Front Brakes: 14-inch vented rotors with Brembo 4-piston calipers, ABS. Rear Brakes: 11.8-inch vented rotors with single-piston calipers, ABS . . EXTERIOR PAINT (AND STRIPE COLORS). Torch Red Clearcoat (with Performance White or Satin Silver stripes). Alloy Clearcoat Metallic (with Satin Silver or Tungsten stripes). Vista Blue Clearcoat (with Performance White or Tungsten stripes). Performance White Clearcoat (with Vista Blue or Tungsten stripes). Tungsten Grey Clearcoat (with Satin Silver stripes only). Grabber Orange (with Performance White or Tungsten stripes). Ebony Clearcoat (with Performance White or Tungsten stripes). . AVAILABILITY. On Sale: Summer 2006. Pricing: Coupe (base) $42,975, Convertible (base) $47,800 . 2007 Model Volume: 8,000 - 10,000 unitsWell there is the AC Shelby cobra, Shelby mustang....it refers to the name Carroll Shelby. His first work was with AC making the shelby cobra. He Primarily works with ford and is coming back for the first time in a long while with the new Mustang Shelby GT500 coming out this fall.It is the last name belonging to Carroll Shelby the man who started to put Ford big block engines in an A/C Cobra british car to race in the Le Mans to beat Ferrari in the mid sixties. Caroll Shelby then made a joint business marriage with Ford to develop a Mustang with his name on the car all the way till the mid seventies until he departed and went with chrysler Dodge to use his name with the Dodge Daytona Shelby car. Althought the name Cobra was used by Ford but was actually owned by Carroll Shelby and was in a lawsuit battle to gain the rights of the name Cobra. Until recently he rejoined Ford to produce the 2007 Mustang Shelby GT500. Does that answer your question?It is a refernce to a car built by Caroll Shelby.  He built cars from the AC Cobra (and Daytona Cobra) to Mustangs and then some mostly sticker cars.  He has breathed some performance into the new Mustang.
the easiest way is to buy a new tank that is not rusted.take it to a nearest mechanicDON'T START THAT BIKE!  If there are pieces rattling around inside, the bike is useless, or at least the TANK.  What would happen if a piece went into the engine and locked it up?  At best the engine would die and you'd coast.  At worst - BOOM.OK here is how I have done it in the past. Fill the tank with a tray of ice cubes, then fill it about 2/3 full of water. Shake it around real good and repeat as needed. When done and take is clean rinse with gas several times then let dry and rinse with gas again.. . This takes care of the rust and debris in the tank and if you have ever put any solid objects in the tank like my kids have you will know how hard they can be to get out. The ice melts and drains right out. Be sure that once you start with the water you do not stop until it is rinsed out with gas as this will promote the rust if you do. If at any point you fell a weak spot in the metal of the tank stop because the tank will not hold up and this could be potentially fatal.KREEM works fine, I have KREEMED dozens of tanks, no problem, follow instructions........get about half a cup of pea gravel and shake the tank the gravel will act as an abrasive to clean the inside of the tank ,rinse out tank ,make sure all the gravel is out, seal inside of tank and fill with gas and keep fullTo get the rust out you can drop in a hand full of nots and bolts and turn the tank every which way, don't shake it or you will cause dents from the inside. You no doubt will have to do this repeatedly to get the rust scale loose, then flush it thoroughly.. DO NOT use the chemical called KREEM, it doesn't last, what does last is a product called REDKOTE. You didn't mention if this is a street bike or an older dirt bike, but if you need a good used tank there are plenty of good salvage sites on the net.That's very bad news, always check for tank rust when buying a used bike.. . If the rust is bad, the tank is done. If you are getting flakes of rust that sounds terminal to me, the tank is weak, may be leaking, and your gonna be plugging fuel filters all the time. I'd starting looking for a replacement tank.Actually there is a quick fix. They sell a product (name escapes  me) that is like a clear epoxy. You clean the tank really good, dump this stuff in and roll the tank around in your hand to spread it around the inside and let it dry. I have used it once and it did the trick. Don't forget to remove the gas valve and filter screen first:) . You should be able to pick it up at an automotive store.. . On another note, when storing the bike for the winter, you want to make sure you tank is FULL. This will prevent rust as it doesn't let oxygen come in contact with the steel inside. Just add some gas stabilizer and your good to go.
I use brake cleaner. Spray it on a rag and wipe clean. Then wax the car.Paint thinner, laquer thinner, tar remover will all remove paint with some rubbing, Sand paper will do the trick. A buffer with some wax on it will take paint off once it gets hot. A high power water sprayer (aprox 5 hp) will take the paint off real quick.They make special stripper for these bumpers but, truthfully, it doesn't really work that well.  I've sand blasted them before.  This sucks too.  If you have a bumper with stress cracks, you're better off just sanding the cracks out with 80 grit on a DA and priming it, blocking it, prime it again, sand with 400 grit or a red scotch brite and paint like normal.  www.paintucation.com.  They have a great forum.
check the spark plug wires for fouling and check them for high resistance with an ohm meter-faulty plug wires often show up a a misfire under engine accelleration only. good luckDid you replace the Plug wires?Fieros are notorious for their electrical problems.. . Check your plug wires though to be sure they are all connected correctly.could possibly be a lose plug wire i power sprayed my motor off and my crx done that and i knocked a plug wire loseWHAT A BUNCH OF STUPID F... ARE YOU RUNNING LEAN OR RICH? DOES YOUR FUEL PUMP MAKEING A HUM. IF NOT THAT WOULD BE A PROBLEM. COOLENT TEMP SENSORS WOULD DO IT. JUST DONT BE A CHEAPY AND TAKE IT TO THE SHOP OK. OR GO BUY ANOTHER CAR! CHECK YOUR COIL. DOES YOUR FUEL PRESSURE REGULATOR HAVE A VACUUM LINE HOOKED TO IT? IM GUESSING SO. TAKE THE VACUUM HOSE OFF AND CHECK TO SEE IF THERE IS GAS IN THE HOSE. IT THERE IS YOU NEED A PRESURE REGULATOR...... BLAH BLAH
First make sure window is clean. Do not use any ammonia type cleaner. Use a spray bottle with about 4-5 drops of dish washing liquid. Try to do in a not windy place. Place tint with clear film on outside on outside glass. Use this method only to get the shape of glass. After you cut to match glass separate clear film from tint, spraying with soapy water. Spray both the tint and glass (inside). Transfer tint to window. Take a squeegee (sp?) and press water from glass. Starting from center working outwards. This has worked great for me in the past. Hope it helpsFollow the directions on the box. Make sure it's not windy outside and have someone help you.
realistic: Nissan 350z. Nissan did a great job when the notion of combining the old school and the new school came up. It's all done right. If you have one, you will notice almost all the unique features to be seen in almost all the Z cars. 240z center gauge cluster, 6 cylinders, shape of the rear hatch, location of cabin, etc. . . dream: 1992 Porsche 911 Turbo. Raw sports car. Light, lots of power, efficient design, effective race car. No useless gadgets, not weighed down with luxurious emenities, and not too expensive to buy.. . I like to think conservatively.porshe 914...........first car, handles awesome.Citroen SM, just the most gorgeous car evermy 1970 VW squareback was very hip. (in 1990).  It was small, handled great in snow, could carry all my sailboard gear, and was cheap to operate.  Gotta love cars with character!1984 Montie Carlo SS. It was a blast to drive, fast slide jobs from hell!Bugatti Veyron because its fast and luxurious and cool57 chevy belairMy Ford Falcon FPV Typhoon..... . 4.0 Litre, inline 6 cylinder, DOHC, Intercooled tubo four door family sedan.. . I can fit my wife and 3 kids in it and use it at the track on weekends.. . OH, I agree with chase, The GT is a fantastic Australian old school muscle car!!!!!
look in the newspapersCALL EACH AGENCY seperatly they will have your information-but remember they will keep the cool cars (cops love FREE vettes) and sell off the beaters and not so cool cars-at the auction you will be competing with shrewd car dealers who go EVERY DAY!then if you win one always remember after seziure the cars were NOT REKEYED or REPAINTED!!anyone that had it out for ole bad bad leroy brown might mistake YOU! or you could meet MR.Brown in person-like they say on ebay good luck and good bidding-LOL!!!!
driving under the influence. applies to drugs and or alcohol. unfortunately there is still no punishment for driving stupid.driving under the influence (of alcohol or drugs)drunk under the influence?Driving Under the Influence-of either alchohal or other substancesyou're all wrong...it stands for............ . DUIDriving Under the Influence. DUIData Use Identifier. DUIDavis Unified Ignition. DUIDemocratic Union for Integration (The Former Yugolsav Republic of Macedonia). DUIDial Up Internet. DUIDiving Unlimited International, Inc.. DUIDocumento ?nico de Importaci?n (Spanish). DUIDuke University ImprovIt means Drinking Under the Influence.. Or you have had to much alcohol to drive. without risking your life and the lives of . those around you.  Go directly to jail.. Do not pass go and do not collect $200.. Look for a designated driver.Driving under the influence. Why? Someone you know?dui means driving under the influence unless you trying to be funny but, nodriving under the influence   of any drug alcohol even prescription drugs and illegal  that is why it is called under the influencein the us it's called driving under the influence here in can. it's called impaired driving.and if your caught with the keys in the ignition and your not driving it's called undue care and attention. it did happen once.It means driving under the Influence....aka you're drunk driving.driving under the influence..... no offense but how come u didnt know that? like im not being mean or anything, i just wanted to know thats all so yea.... Feliciadriving under the influence . . http://www.austin-texas-lawyers-attorneys-directory.com/austin-legal-services.htm. http://www.dallas-fort-worth-texas-lawyers-attorneys-directory.com/dallas-legal-services.htm. http://www.houston-texas-lawyers-attorneys-directory.com/houston-legal-services.htm. http://www.san-antonio-texas-lawyers-attorneys-directory.com. http://www.las-vegas-nevada-lawyer-attorney-legal-injury-defense-directory.comDUI(driving under the influence) is meant to incompass both alcohol and drugs, while DWI (driving while intoxicated) only specifies alcohol. . Most states have completely done away with DWI because its target area was too narrow, only alcohol.Driving Under the Influence... WHY??? were you doing it???. . . Oh WAIT...nvm...you are only 12....This is what you'd be charged for when caught driving under the influence. Meaning you were pulled over and they tested you and you were other drunk or on drugs.    And to the person that asked why she didnt know the answer... shes probably a little kid. Nothing against u at all tho.driving under the influence. this can mean either drugs or alcohol.Driving under the influence of alcohol or any illegal substance.  In some states its referred to as DWI - driving while impaired.it means your screwed...learn the bus schedule, you'll be needing it.Driving under the influence.  Basically, you've had a couple of drinks, you aren't totally stoned but you can still be put through the breathalyzer and other sobriety checks.Driving Under the Influence.Driving under the influence- drunk drivingDriving under the influence of alcohol or any illegal substanceThat you are stupidDUI, If you really want to know what this means, here is your answer. . It means that you are now atleast $3000.00 Poorer than you were. This is not even counting the increase in your insurance, that is if you can find an insurance company to cover you. You will also be grounded from your driving privileges for about 3 to 6 months. And If you decide to try your luck a  second time, well you might as well double all of the above. Hope this will help you.Driving Under the Influence [of alcohol]driving under the influenceDriving Under the InfluenceWell, it comes after DUH........Driving while Under the Influence (of alcohol or drugs)DUI is the abbreviation for . . driving under the influence.  (of drugs or alcohol)Driving Under the Influence (of alcohol.)driving under the influence.DUI
for one dont mess arround with out jack stands make shure you have a level surface you will need a 6 point socked or allen or star bit you will need a c clamp a peice of wood a peice of coat hanger a 4 way metric a jack dont let the caliper hang loose tie it up with the coat hanger dont puncture the dust boot inspect for holes look at your rotors for scrape marks from metal on metal from the shoe being worn and most of all this is just some of it git help# 1 you just need to get rid of that car. soon enough your transmission is going to go. each one i had it happened. # 2 You can buy a book for the car that will tell you what you need to know.Don't waste your money.  Sell it and buy a different brand of car.  My last three Fords--everything made noise on them except the horn.
The Hummer H1 and the H2none...i should be able to drive what i want to SUV or tiny piece of crap...as long as i pay for the gas myselfCheck the car you want to buy and check the estimated mpg . The amount of any applicable Gas Guzzler Tax paid by the manufacturer will be disclosed on the automobile's fuel economy label (the window sticker on new cars).
yestake out the old one and put in a new one.  there that is how you change a battery.. This advice works for almost all battery operated devices, TV remotes, smoke detectors, even watches!. Oh, in response to the guy that answered yes-NO!TAKE IT TO AN AUTO BODY SHOP
An outboard motor has a far better horsepower to weight ratio, but an inboard motor is easier to work on. If you are fairly well versed in auto mechanics then you can do most of the work on an inboard with the same tools. I don't know about closing off the outdrive/ propeller shaft hole though.i assume your talking about a I&#92;O, which has no advantage over a O&#92;B
that you are acknowledging the statement made by the other person.  it is a phrase that means "message received". . it started out as the common phonetic alpabet letter (alpha, bravo, charlie,...) for 'R' used by both the US and British, (although both now generally use 'Romeo' for the letter)  and it was common to send an 'R' as a response to a message in early morse code usage, which grew into 'roger'.because he started itThe international Morris "R" ( .-. ) is sent to verify a message has been received. Phonetically,  in the early days of radio it was used for the letter "R". During the 2nd world war it became the responce to a message as having been received and the phonetic for the letter "R" became "Romeo". The last responce, therefor would be somthing like " roger and out ". If it required further action, the call would be " roger wilco", with "wilco" being short for "will call back later"It means what ever was just said that you got the information and understood it.Roger in the air, 10-4 on the Highway  they both mean ,message received, understood; go Brake!"roger" means that "i go the info"to let the other party know prior message was receivedroger is an incorrect term in radio comms.. . affermative. negative. over . out. . over and out is never used togetherRoger, Doger..Over and Out!. . . 10 _4.it means they heard you.
Ford made 3 different 351's, the 351 W (or Windsor, named for where it was built) the 351 C (Cleveland) and the 351 M (or modified, a modified version of the 351 C). The C & M look very similar, the W looks slightly different. Most people consider the Modified the best, followed by the Cleveland and lastly the Windsor, since the Cleveland and Modified had more horsepower. They are easily identified by the location of the thermostat housing, the Windsor has it mounted on top of the engine while the other two have it mounted on the frontThe 351 C (Cleveland) shares a block with the 400. . The 351 W (Windsor) Shares the block with the 302.. . Both have the same displacement, but the Cleveland motor is a big block!351C (cast in Cleveland) is a heavy big block rated for low RPM's.  Tough, duarable, but expensive parts.  A 351W (Windsor, Canada) is the same as a 302 except the heads, intake, and crank.  I personally would rather have a 302 over the 351.  Unless you really build the 351, I just feel the stock 351W is gutless. 351M is a modified version of the 400, not the 351C.  And the 351C does not share a block with a 351M.to add to what is said, I think the stroke and piston diam is different on each (because of the block) - I 'think' the 400 (or 351C) is the large bore, short stroke (the one wanted for racing) but I'm not a Ford guy so don't hold me to that.
It will definely be hard to start, and when it does run ,you will not. have any power.Also it may start to backfire thru the Carbretor, telling you that you have an ignition problem, because when your .   engine wears, your timing chain stretches, it causes the timing.   to be thrown off. Backfireing  can also be a good indication of a burned intake valve.I too have a ford explorer and the rattling under neath mine is the flywheel. If your vehicle is a automatic then it may be and exhaust issue or front radius arm bushings. This vehicle has an unusual front suspension which is called a twin i-beam suspensionwhen it streches and gets looseChances are it does not.  Ford uses a bicycle style chain and gear set doubled up.  They will last for hundreds of thousands of miles.  The rattle may be from an exhaust mount bracket.  Hard to tell.  You may have to track it down.  But almost definitely not the timing set.I'd have it checked out, but I don't think it's the timing chain. If that breaks the car doesn't "rattle", it doesn't RUN.It could be  a water pump. I thought that vehicle had a belt instead of a chain If it does and it is the water pump I would replace than both at the same time. It would save money over doing them separately especially with that many milesThe ratling noise may or may not be your timing chain. But it's a good idea to replace the timing chain at the mileage Ford has specified. You can easily find this out by calling a Ford dealer. Depending on the design of the particular engine, a broken timing chain may result in a valve hitting the cylinder head. That can be very expensive to repair.
everything is related with the navigation systemOn the right hand side of the steering wheel. The top two buttons are used for controling the volume of the audio system and the lower two are used for placing calls (dialing) or ending calls (hanging up). The left are used for seeking through stations on the radio (top) and the bottom are used for flipping through the band you want (either FM1, FM2, AM, or CD).Its the shortest  form or the condensed form of the otherwise wide cluster of control panels .It is centralised on the steering wheel to make things much easier for the driver.You could also control music system through it.
look up the model # on Google or got the manufacturers website, you might be able to download the owners manual. Not all amps are the same and I wouldn't want to give you the wrong info. POW!!!RUN THE FRONT SPEAKERS OFF THE SEPERATE WIREING HARNESS AND THE BACK SUB OFF THE BRIDGED MONOTri-Mode? I assume it is a 4-channel amplifier? Without the model of the amplifier, simply knowing it is a 200 watt Rockford Fosgate is not sufficient. . . Assuming it is a 4 channel amplifier - it means you can run it either all 4 channels in stereo, you can run channels 1 & 2 in stereo and bridge channels 3 & 4, or you can bridge channels 1 & 2 and bridge channels 3 & 4.
Try spraying some WD-40 on it a "blot" it off. As crazy as it sounds, WD-40 is an excellent stain remover, and will not stain your seat.Go to Autozone and get a can of Tuff Stuff.. . Good LuckIt really depends on what kind of seat surface you have. Is it leather, cloth, vinyl, sheepskin? And what color is the carseat? Give more details so i can helpFirst we recommend using a plastic razor blade and scrapping as much as you can first. Then you need a quick dry solvent, we choose lighter fluid, it evaporates fast and dissolves quickly with little odor. If you have no plastic razor blades use a business card to scrape it. If you fold the business card in half it works best. This way you get a double edge close shave and can scrape most of the lipstick off first. Many high-end car manufacturers like Audi, Porsche, BMW, Cadillac, Volvo, Mercedes recommend their own brands of cleaners for interiors, which are generally made up of Powder to Suds cleaners. Well let us warn you that your wonderful intentions will not work on Lipstick. So you can kiss that idea good bye. If you find a fabric is somewhat faded you may wish to dab the solvent or put it on the corner of a towel first, not paper towel, use terry cloth. Then pat the stain gently and see if it is removing the stain without taking away the coloring.how did lipstick get on the seat of your car?
A Sport Utility Vehicle can be two wheel drive (meaning either the front or rear wheels drive the car), an all wheel drive (meaning the four wheels drive independently) or a 4x4, which is an all wheel drive system that turns on and off with a switch in the passenger compartment.. . 4x4's are usually primarily off-road vehicles.  SUVs (for the most part) are soccer-mom urban assault vehicles that will never see a patch rough terrain.All 4x4s are SUVs, but not all SUVs are 4x4s.An SUV is a body type, while 4X4 is a description of a drivetrain.  The term SUV can describe a variety of vehicles, while 4X4 merely says a vehicle has power applied to all four wheels.
you can safely use if your careful a wire brush attatchment on a drill, if you go to yout local auto store draper sell a pack of 3 which are specially designed to clean in to all the nooks and crannies of the engine, i presume your going to clean the valves as well , pop a drill in a vice and then pop the valves in there, use a scrapper or a pen knife (wearing goggles of course) and simply scrap the despoites off then startting with 120 production paper work your away up to 1000 wet and dry and this will clean the valves a treat and help give better swirl as well.  If you need to remove the old head gasket from the mating surface of the head a good tip is to get a piece of glass and wrap production paper round there and use it as a flat surface to clean the head.The answer is acetone. Not only will it dissolve the carbon deposits but it will also help loosen any residual gasket adhesives. It's highly evaporative and very flammable so take proper precautions. You can find it relatively cheap at the local Menards in the paint section.Machine shops use chemical dip tanks, ovens and media blasting - if you access to any of these - do it. I think soda (baking soda) blasting is the gentlest on the casting with good resultsfine grade wet and dry 1200 grit or higher use a scraper for the head near the vavle seats and wire brush the valve faces other than that just a bit of elbow grease and a lot of care. Get a book on that particular engine if your not sure try online or the library also mark individual parts and keep groups f parts together such as big end bearings and pistons etcSend the heads to a machine shop.. They probably need to be milled anyway.. You'll get them back in plastic bags. All shiny and ready to put back on.As a engine reconditioner l would advise you to take the cylinder . head to a machine shop to be cleaned properly & to have the head face skimmed.. When dismantling short motor make sure each big end cap is kept on the same connecting rod.Also make sure each piston/con rod assembly goes back in the same bore.. The bores of your engine will need to be honed to allow rings to bed in, if not done correctly result will be high oil consumption.. when reassembling check big end bolts do not need to be replaced.BOLT FAILURE IS CATASTROPHIC!!!. P.S when head is at machine shop get your valves & seats cut properly as you will be grinding valves & seats for days and the job won't be as good.. . Hope this was of help.
first what kind of Lamborghini and what kind of Ferrari?. well any way i would say Lamborghini. bc they are fast and get good handling.Ginger - Lamborghini. . Maryanne - Ferrari. . I will drive whichever one matches with the girl I'm dating, of course.Ferrari F430 baby YEAH it's the greatest Ferrari and I do like the Lamborghini Murcialago and Gallardo but they cost too much.I'd probably have to go with the Lamborghini. Especially with the Mircielago because of its sllek design and the door are pretty cool too!!Neither. For me it's a toss up between the Lotus Exige or a Bugatti Veyron 16.4, or ideally, both.. . The Lotus, because it'll out handle any Ferrari or Lambo on the road, and every driver worth their salt knows handling wins everytime on the track or road. Also being extremely light weight it doesn't have to produce overwhelming amounts of power to acheive it's speed. Chapman was a genius.. . If it's top end and stunning good looks then it's the Bugatti hands down. Nothing out accelerate's it, either 0-60 (2.5 seconds) or incrementally and has the fastest top speed of any production car ever built (256 mph/406 kph) and is the most powerful production car ever built too, net rated at 1001 bhp. Did I mention it's also gorgeous??? . . Both, unfortunately, are slightly out of my price range ;-)I think lambos are better because the are about as nfast and look cooler..neither Bugatti Veyron 16.4,how about neither!   CHEVROLET BABY!NO, a peon.... i ment Neon R/T BUT! make it look like a SRT4 like my friendThe Ferrari.....just for the sheer reliabilty on it's top-speed...and the handling...Volkswagen's W12 Coup?. . It is powered by the same 6.0-litre engine that is being used on the forthcoming D1 luxury saloon and will hit a top speed in excess of 200mph, while stuffing the opposition with a 0-60mph time of just 3.5 seconds!. . Weighing just 1200 kg, it is officially one of the fastest sports cars the world has ever seen.. . Key to this is the mid-mounted, 239kg engine - a massive 12-cylinder unit. The layout of the W12 engine is best described as two narrow-angle V6 cylinder blocks, joined side by side onto a single crankshaft. This makes a "double V" or "W" formation.. . Power is transferred to the rear axle via a sequential six-speed gearbox located behind the engine, a classic mid-engined layout. . . Contact with the road is made via specially developed 19-inch magnesium wheels with massive 275/40 ZR tyres at the rear.. . An electronic stability program (ESP) and traction control system (TCS) provide stability and safety at speed for road use but can be switched off for motor sport conditions. . . Huge, ventilated Brembo brake discs are fitted at both the front and rear and the electrically activated handbrake has been set up for an easy integration in standard production models.. . The W12 Coup? has two wing doors, a spoiler that pops up at 75mph and a central glass panel which extends the length of the roof from the windscreen to the end of the engine compartment. This enables the engine to be seen through the transparent compartment cover.. . . On October 14, 2003, Volkswagen's W12 Coup? set the world speed record for distance covered in 24 hours which is still held today. . . On the Nardo high-speed circuit in southern Italy the sports car covered 4,402.8 miles at an average speed of 183.45 mph, improving on the previous record set by a Chevrolet LTS Corvette by a margin of 7.5 mph. . . At the same time the team of drivers broke two other world records in the W12 Coup? and six vehicle class speed records.. . SWWEEEEEETT!!!!!!!!!!!
You need to get to a garage that has a Solus.. A computer that will be connected to your car & the Motor Vehical tech can talk to your cars computer.. From there he can re-programme the sunroof.. . If they've already tried that you may have no choice but go back to renault.. Sounds to me like the people you've seen about this problem are useless & ripping you off!You should ask that question here:. . http://www.askyourneighbour.co.uk/site.php?tid=68&cid=0. . I've never even heard of the Megane, but folks at 'Ask your neighbor' in the UK probably have. :-)
If you fall off the bike and land just right, you WILL bleed through your pores! And several other places, as well! LOLWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHHAAHAH. . . Thanks for the 2 points. . What a question..... . Hey . Come play some Pool. . Look for me . . They call me . Donkey_Ass. http://www.worldwinner.com/cgi/welcome/21qlvBecause blood vessels go around pour's and do not take blood into them.you can actually bleed through your pores, but it is very unusual and normally secondary to some serious injury or chronic condition elsewhere,. the most common substance that comes through your pores is actually fluid, it is very common with people that have odema (swelling of the tissue caused by excess fluid in the intercostal space)the fluid has to escape somehow and the pores are just like microscopic holes,. the body is basically a plumbing system it has a pump (heart)a filter(liver)control panel(brain)and miles of plumbing(veins&ateriesbecause we don't have pour's
both positive wires to the far left terminal and both negative wires to the far right terminal. That's if it's a 2 channel amplifier. Make sure it's 4 ohm capable first.you have two wires coming off the sub or speaker positive and negative. and there left and right channels on the amp. both those channels have positive and negative connections. take the positive from the speaker and connect it to the positive to the left channel, then take the negative cable from the speaker and connect to the right negative to the amp.depends if it is  bridgable... and its sometimes different for each amp... sometimes its the two positive and on my kenwood its the left positive ond right negative , but on my power acoustic its my r pos. and l neg.Make sure that it IS bridgeable before doing any of the suggestions.. . Your system won't mean squat without a well designed box to put your subs in. Some manufacturers have recommendations as to dimensions of various types of boxes. It is best to find someone who builds boxes if you go with something other than a sealed box.. . You should always match up RMS (Root Mean Square) watts of Subs and amp per channel as well as impedance's(resistances).. . If your amp is rated at 4? don't subject it to 2?, it will fry.. . Here is the formula for subs in parallel:. . Z = 1 / (1/sub1 + 1/sub2 + 1/sub3 + ....). . For series, just add them up (sub1 + sub2 + ...).. . You can mix and match these equations to get the right impedance required by your amp.. . Example: 4 subs @ 4? each. If I connect two in parallel and the other two in parallel and tie the two pairs in series, I would have a total impedance(resistance) of 4?. So to the amp, it's just one sub. . . You should use a capacitor as well.. . Recommend for every 500 watts MAX you use a .5 Farad cap. Example: 1000 watts MAX - 1 Farad cap. . Try http://www.soundomain.com/shop you can find some really good deals, and this site is manufacturer certified. VERY IMPORTANT WHEN SHOPPING ON-LINE!!! . . You will also need what's called a "line level converter" if your stock head unit doesn't have RCA outputs or your amp doesn't have high-level inputs. . . If you like I can send you some plans for reference. My plans are for a 4-th order band pass bass box that holds two 12's. Also included are java calculators you can use to figure parallel and series values given ? values.. Just e-mail me sparky3489@yahoo.com. . I chose Blaupunkt TSw1200 subs with a Sony Xpl?d XM2200GTX and it moves my coffee table around when I'm in the driveway. . . My amp is 1200 watts, subs are 600 wattsconnect a wire from the left side positve to the right side negative (or vice versa), then you got your mono spkr leads, doubled in power and impedanceCheck your owner`s manual of the amp and see if your amp will even be capable of bridging to start with.Once you check that the manual should show you a diagram on how to bridge the amp for that model cuz not all amps are designed in the same manner!i do it by using left positive and right negitive- been getting great results
Before I would go all out and yank the sending unit out, I would check the ground wire first. I have found this to be the problem more times than not. But, that is not to say that there is not a deeper problem, but this is an easy fix if it is the problem.The sending unit is in the gas tank.  It moves up and down and is part of a variable resistor.  The resistor will get bad spots on it and as the arm slide up and down it will "find" a bad spot and your guage will stop working.  USUALLY...sometimes the anti-slosh module behind the instrument cluster will go bad, but what your describing sounds like the sending unit.There is a float in your gas tank.   It probably gets stuck, and sometimes is shaken loose when driving. . . I always use the TRIP odometer as a backup.  Every time I buy gas, I fill the tank, and reset the odometer.  I know that my car can go 300 miles from fill-up, so I will never run out of gas. . . I did have a car, where the gas gauge always read high.  Again, I used the odometer to tell me when to get gas.   But I always assumed that I could go 320 miles with that car on a tank full.   But that turned out to be too close.   Twice, while I owned that car, I pulled into the gas station, just as it ran out of gas.  In both case, the car rolled right up to the pump.The float for the sending unit may have a crack in it and is full of gas. It has happened to me before.My gas gauge would go all haywire - 2000 GMC Jimmy - took it in - the sensor was broken - simple fix!there is a guage sensor in the gastank , it tells the amount of gas that is in the tank , if it breaks its a easy fix , 30 bucks tops , pop the seal and the line out of the tank and there it is its a easy fix
You can't. If you dont have the title, u have to be a 'landlord' and claim the car has been abandoned, then u can file for the title. Unless, u find someone who knows nothing about cars.You have to find someone that buys junk cars with or without titlesyou can have a lost title search done throught the registry and then sell the car. Costs about 50 bucks for the service. If it is truly a junk vehicle that you want to get rid of many junk yards will buy it from you without too many questions asked as they in turn sell them in loads to large recyclers who also don't care where it came from cause to them it can be worth anywhere from 100 to150 bucks per Net ton (2000 Lbs). So a 4000 Lb scrap car is worth 200 - 300 bucks to the junk yard guy so he'll pay you about 40 bucks for it then sell off the parts. Good racket eh?File for a lost title.call the junk yardas a parts only car. or you can apply for a 'lost title' to get one, or a 'salvage title'I think you can sell a junk car to a junk yard with out a title, since they'll be scrapping it for parts. And If they do happen to get the clunker road worthy again, then the junk yard can apply for a salvage title so they can sell the car again.. . Other than that, I don't know of any other way. Best to call your counties clerks office and find out if there's any other way available to you.Need to apply for a salvage title. You can try your local Division of Motor Vehicle for assisstance.try http://www.craigslist.org/ ....(pick your city)... it rocksif you own the car legally you can sell it as is with no title just a bill of sale ( in NC anyway), or you can go to the DMV and file for a new title but that will cost you money.. if it's junk it's not worth the cash and the wait timeIf you have the VIN (vehicle identification number), you can order a replacement title.. . If the car is truly a junk car and won't ever be on the highway ever again, you can sell it by a private bill of sale.  Just draw up a piece of paper with the buyer and seller's name on it, describe the vehicle as best you can, include the purchase price, and both of your sign it.You do not have to have a title for a vehicle in order to sell it. The byer or the seller for that matter can apply for a new title from the state from which the car was bought. For example, I just sold a 94' Mitsubishi Eclipse with out a title. I bought the car in North Carolina. I call the office of finance there an apply/request a new title. It takes a few weeks. No big deal.
like this       ok hope that helpedUsually fit on with the light retaining bolts. Check and check again
I've seen people use thumb tacks.  But you should probably rip the stuff off, spray it and the ceiling with 3M spray adheisive, and stick it back on.I have herd that one can use an Iron to reactivate the old glue and it would hold another couple yrsThere is a special glue you can buy. you just spray it in and re-attach. Or you can get another caprice with the cloth still attached. Do you want mine?I did the following to my old Cadillac and it was still glued two years later.. Purchase several spray cans of high temperature adhesive. Punch several small holes in inconspicuous spots. Insert the sprat nozzle with an extender tube into the holes. Spray lightly in every direction. Push the headliner back into place. Stay out of the sun for 12-24 hours. Voila!Are there any holes in the cloth at all?  There are spray adhesives made for this purpose but theres a problem...usually the cloth has been laminated to a foam rubber padding and what makes the cloth sag is when the foam starts to disintigrate from age and heat. You can spray some adhesive in between the cloth and foam through small holes and press up until it sets up but often it wont hold..or if it does it will end up falling back down in a couple months as the foam continues to fall apart.  You could take it to an auto upholstery shop...generally about $100.00Use a staple gun,or buy a new one. A new one only cost about $100 from your local Chevy dealer.hobby has a spray adhesive that works really well, and only three to four dollars
Because a flat surface looks better than the tag brackets. Take the tag off your car and you will see what I mean.It's the art of marketing.......no wait......maybe it's the marketing of art.They probably weren't registered or licensed to begin with.  At least not before filming.
It is possible, but it would require either 1) reduced gravity, as in high elevations/bordering space level or 2) unholy amounts of power. I believe you are looking at something along the lines of a space tether.no gravity pulling towards the earth is too strongThe only way to use the earth's magnetic force is to add a compass to your car.. Gravity and inertia are much stronger than the earth's magnetic force. Therefore, no known scientific method exists to use the earth's magnetic force for propulsion, much less levitation.
Same way you'd apply nail polish.. . Make sure the car is super clean, using rubbing alcohol on the spot, let it dry thoroughly, apply paint, let it dry thoroughly, apply top coat.They are pointless - you need to get the touch up done professionallyread the instructions?i just order my butler to do it. what what
For 150$ I wouldn't be looking into Cerwin Vega. Check ebay if you want now, otherwise I'd save up for a system that you'd really enjoy. About 500$ can get you a decent system.Your system won't mean squat without a well designed box. I just so happened to have THE box for bass hounds.. . I have full plans for a dual 12" 4th-order band pass bass box if you want. It has easy to follow instructions to build your own from scratch. Plus, you can say you built it yourself. It really bumps.. . I chose Blaupunkt TSw1200 subs with a Sony Xpl?d XM2200GTX and it moves my coffee table around when I'm in the driveway.. . Amp is 1200 watts (600watts X 2), subs are 600watts each.. . All of this for about $390 - $450 if you look around. Save up your money.. . I also have a 1.2 Farad cap as well.. . Recommend for every 500 watts you use a .5 Farad cap. Example: 1000 watts - 1 Farad cap. . Try http://www.soundomain.com/shop you can find some really good deals, and this site is manufacturer certified. VERY IMPORTANT WHEN SHOPPING ON-LINE!!!id stick with a pioneer, its always better to use the same brands. (although it is not a necessity) i have a 760w pioneer amp and it works great! i got it for just over $100, and i think it is well worth the price. BUT, you may want to get another sub, otherwise a $100-150 range amp is going to have WAY too much power for it.You can expect to pay around $0.50 - $1.00 per watt on an amplifier, so for $100-$150, your choices are VERY limited. Whichever amplifier you choose, be certain to look at it's RMS output, NOT the max output. Check the following link to get an idea on some amplifiers - if none fit your needs, there's always E-Bay. . http://www.crutchfield.com. http://www.ebay.comBest you can do for that money is go to eBay and see what serves your purpose best.Well for that amount i suggest cerwin vega's, 4 channel, 800 watt's, it'll be good for your sub's and your 6x9's, but make sure you use a crossover to cut out the distortion and some proper power cable's for proper grounding.
Look around the head for oil leaks.  If you don't see any you can place a die in the oil and see if you can find where the leak is coming from.  Go to Auto Zone and ask one the employees they will help you find your problem for free.  The guys at Auto Zone are awesome.the first sign is the car will overheat.  additionally, check for water on your motor oil dip-stick, this usually happens if the gasket burst on the cylinder side allowing some moisture to creep in.  If the gasket burst on the outer side, you may see oil leaking from right under the gasket (where it bolts on).  If the car is overheating, make sure you check the radiator hoses for leaks, thermostat (sticking?), radiator for leaks and finally, water pump for leaks) before you attribute the problem to your head gasketone thing it should be missing not hitting on all cylindersLeaking antifreeze.save yourself the work and take it to a mecahnic and have them pressure test your engine.  Most mechanics will do it for free with the hope you will have them fix it.The leaks around the cover is a pretty good clue.  And you won't be able to keep the engine running smoothly.  Stall.Water in the oil or out the tailpipe. It will also overheat quickly.Water in the Oil.  Engine will run bad and you might see leakage where head meets the engine block.
Take the VIN# to the local dealer and have them cut a key.  Bring some proof of ownership though, you will probably need it.It costs the same to buy a new ignition then to have a key custom made for the car.  Also why would you want the same locks and stuff if someone out there has the keys to it?Get a locksmith to make a key....they use something like clay and put it in the ignition..or something like that. Or you could call the car maker and they can give you the key code to the key with your vin numbertake the inside pannel out of the door carefully and remove the lock cyclinder   or remove the steering wheel to get to the ignition and take it to a locksmith about 15 dollars should cover the cost to make the key fit the cyclinder or go to a autoparts place and get a new set and replace all the locks and ignition about 75 dollars good luckDepending on the year of his vehicle, he could take out a door lock and have a key made for the ignition.
no, to mean shift without using the clutch they would have said exactly that, don't ya think? hard slips is when you let the clutchslip off youe toe and engagement is"hard" as it slams into it's engaged position. usually i think, that is for "break in" of that high performance racing clutchHard Slip is to slip the clutch under load . high gear is 3rd or 4th gear. so... shifting from 2nd to 3rd,shift under power or with a little gas!. This will "burn in"the clutch disc and help seat it to the flywheel.. . I installed a similar clutch disc in a M5 BMW and it worked great.. Good luck and have fun
hold the trip button in and then keep it held and insert the key to on position (dont start it) then the light should blink and then release the trip button and turn off key. Then restart the car and see if that works. I'm pretty sure that is the reset for the cr-v and odyssey.Does it blink a few times when you turn on the engine or is it on all the time?  If it is on all the time then it could be a serious problem and you should get it checked out.Although you still have miles before service is due, the light has come on for a reason. This should be checked out. It really depends on you driving style as to how soon the light comes on.When my light came on, I took the car into AutoZone and they put the code reader on it and were able to at least tell me what they thought was going on. This was free and when they get finished, they turn the light off. If it stays off, you're ok. If there is something wrong, don't worry, your light will come back on in a jif.Take it to Honda, This light is reset with a scan tool. If it costs you $50.00, it might be worth it if they find any problems they will inform you, then you decide what you want to do.   AUTO TECH
Try FSR - from a marine store. It is oxalic acid in a gel form so it doesnt run all over you when you put it on vertical surfaces. Use a soft scrub pad that wont scratch the remaining gelcoat. Rinse off and wax as soon as possible to protect from further oxidation of the gelcoat.Try wet sanding with a 600 grit or higher wet sandpaper.  Be sure to sand very lightly and to keep your sandpaper wet.   You could also try a water based buffing compound and hand buffing it out.  (do not use a wax based compound)  You could use a buffing wheel with a very soft pad, but you still run the risk of burning through the gel coat.  If you sand too much off you will start to see the darker base coat appear.. . I used to do fiberglass tub repair and have removed cigarette burns from fiberglass bath tubs using this method.  Good Luck!like mentioned earlier, Muriatic acid is the best. However, that stain is going to come back. Gelcoat is is naturally porous, so there's really no way to avoid it, short of doing a barrier coat and/or bottom paint job.We use muriatic acid - buy it at Lowe's.  Does an excellent job.Try mineral spiritsComet liquid w/ bleach, does an awesome job ! use scotch guard pad, and a stiff brush, WOW !
Remove wheel, remove rotor, or hub.. Knock them out with a hammer.. insert new studs.. Slowly press them in by mounting the wheel and tightening the lug nuts.Manic has the correct answer.go with the answer from MANIC.all ford studs are pressed in.i have never know any make or model of any car type being screwed inI don't know about the Ford explorer but any studs I ever replaced were pressed in. You knock out the broken one with a hammer and punch. When you put the new one in you put a couple of washers on, Put the lug nut on backwards. (tapered side out, flat side in) and tighten the nut until it pulls the stud all the way through.. If they are screwed in disregard my answer.you have to go to part store and get the ones you need and a tool to take the old ones out. which is pretty easy they screw out and then you can replace them with new ones
Check the wiring to be sure you have all good connections....check to make sure you have the proper voltage/amps for the HID bulb you are running...Could be overloaded. Most likely need to replace the ballast all together. Check the amps/volts with a meter to make sure the ballast is actually not getting power first...If it is getting power but continues to fail to ignite, you may be overloading it.. What are you growing with that lamp? Just kidding.....You don'tI had problems with mine to. About in one year they go bad.sorry but you need to buy a new ballast.You can't repair a ballast, you have to replace it..
Because it has those gears in the transmission. You can, in certain situations, choose to place the car into one of those gears, selectively. For example, if you are driving in heavy snow conditions, putting the car into a lower gear makes it easier to deal with the tendency of the drive wheels to lose traction at high revs.because there are times when you are going up/down really steep slopes that it is better to use these gears instead of keeping it in overdrive.1st position will use all gears (from 1 to 4 usually). 2nd position will use from 1 to 3. 3rd position will use the first 2.. . This is the general idea, this can vary from one transmition to another.These extra gears are for towing, or if you get stuck in mud or snow. These gears help keep you from burning up the transmission while trying to get unstuck.Same reason it has N, R, P...you can select any gear manually and stay in that gear IE: pulling heavy load uphill, or racing, or whatever.  Hope this helps.If you lose your brakes, you can down shift to 3rd 2nd then 1st to slow down before applying and possibly destroying your emergency brake.  Also, if your automatic transmission can't take or strains & whines on a steep hill or mountain road, you can downshift for more power.
it is easyer to pull the motor out if it is a 4wdCheck your Chilton's manual. It has a step-by-step procedure with pictures. You didn't say what model year or if it's 4WD.
The Cobalt SS is not available with an automatic, only the five-speed. Sorry. Retrofitting one with an automatic would be prohibitively expensive, to the point that you would be able to get a far more expensive vehicle.If you go to chevy.com, once there you can choose what chevys you want to price. Click on the Cobalt and the SS should come up as one of the models, then there will be a window or prompt for "build" one. Click on that and it will take you through what  you can add to one. Once you have it like  you want it, it will ask if you want to find a dealer that has one. Click on that, and it will bring up dealer's that have as close to what you "built" or want. That is how you can find a dealer in your area that has one with Automatic. OR just call a dealer and ask them if they have any with auto, if they don't, ask if they would do a dealer search for one. They can find dealers in the area that would have one.just learn to drive the standard or doont get an SS.you can get the Cobalt SS non-superchagred in automatic but if you want the Cobalt SS S/C,you had better learn how to drive manual.dunno, but dragon ball z is the shiz
Just another way of saying road construction crew. Road plant or road construction plant is workers repairing (trying to repair) the road.r u asking for plants at roadside?
Turn the 4-way flashers on and locate where the clicking is coming from . Manufactures use 2 relays 1 for the turn signal and 1 for the 4-ways. typically theses relays are located close together and are very simular in design .4-way flasher is  Usually located behind the kick panel bolted to the lower part of the dash under the steering colume.Most manufactures put the turn signal relay inside the fuse box. the 2 relays are interchangable.If you still have the owners manual -inside of the manual it will give you the location of the fuses /panel /and most relays...it should be under the dash on the drivers side.should be under the dash, a small rectangular box, either silver, or black boxIt is your hazard flasher. The switch has both flashers built in it. Also call your local Gm dealer. You probably fall under a special policy and may get it repaired under warranty. same with Grand am's and aleros
Try clicking on this link for wiring information on your car:  If you are not familiar with wiring diagrams, you can try their troubleshooting section.   If you still need additional help you can email me.. . Good Luckbad connection on batt.For your fan problem, you can test that by letting the car idle in park. Eventually, your engine will reach normal operating temperature; typically midway between the C and H as you used to see it. At that point, your radiator fans should turn on. If they do not, the thermosensor mounted on your radiator or the thermostat itself may be faulty. It would be a good idea to have a coolant flush if you haven't had one within the past 2 years. Have the coolant flushed and filled, replace the thermostat and radiator cap. Your mechanic will be able to determine as well if your fans are working. . . The fast blinking of your turn signal usually indicates the circuit is detecting a resistance reading outside its tolerance. I would replace the any bulbs that appear dim because they may be ready to go out completely. Hopefully that will fix your problem. . Good luck!need new fansThe radiator fans run off of a thermostat that start the fans when the engine coolant gets warm.  If you're just starting a cold engine, the fans won't run because they're not supposed to.  If they don't operate with a warm engine, you have an electrical problem such as a broken wire, loose connection, bad fuse or burnt out fan motor.Reason it either of two most prominent thing in this car I have same model -.  (1)  The relay is not booting in at the appropriate temperature. (2)    The thermostat is not working correctly.  Both things are easily checked by an auto elect. .. Or simply it is working and holding correct temp. thus will not have to cut in.maybe a short maybe u need a new fan maybe wires are not connected
I put some washers on the stud and reverse the lug nut so the flat part of the nut contacts the washers. Then I just tighten the nut until the stud fully seats.I hope they gave you the right studs....try tightening them as much as you can....if they are still not seated then you must have run out of thread...therefore the wrong studs...make sure the wheel is on when tightening.. . Good Luck
It is best to use neutral on slipery roads if you have anti lock brakes and don't want the engine holding you back.. You put the car in neutral to go through a carwash that tows you through.To save gas when you're stuck in traffic....Neutral is there for you to be able and move the vehicle when you don't desire to use the engine power."Neutral" disconnects the transmission from the engine so you can start the car, and then apply power, without worrying about the car lurching forward.  It's handy for both manual and automatic transmissions--for manuals the point is obvious, but for automatics it gives you another gear to start the car in (besides "park") and a great way to save your transmission at long stop lights.So the car can move if it does not run or needs to be towed.its a good starting pointAll of these answers are correct, but the most basic answer is that it essential "disconnects" the engine, from the wheels, for instances where the engine is a hindrance, or when tension needs to be relieved from the transmission.
yes it is to distribute weight etc but the primary purpose is also drainage as mentioned in one result above. . In the coal loop - the open rail cars carrying coal - he coal powder fly and fills the ballast and when it rains the coal powder hardens and water starts logging and degrades the wooden ties.1. Shock absorber. 2. Water drainage. 3. If make dificult for people to walk on rail road. 4. Identify and locate the rail lines from a distance. 5. Looks goodTo help absorb the shock and weight of the trains.  It keeps the ground around the tracks from being vibrated as much, therefore lasting longer.The gravel is actually called 'ballast'.  This is used for support of the tracks.  The amount of weight that a single railroad car bears on the tracks is tremendous.  Without the support the railroad ties and rails would sink into the soil below it.  Some early railroad beds did not have ballast.The ballast supports the trackage and disperses the weight of the consist.Yes, yes, it disperses weight, and helps hold the track and such... But no one has mentioned its other important purpose!. . Drainage! Standing water on tracks is not good, especially with wood ties...
You could have a problem with the idle air control motor, throttle position sensor, and sometimes even the vehicle speed sensor. On air conditioned vehicles this sometimes happens during stop and go traffic because the computer is sensing your engine is running warmer then it is supposed to, so it's increasing coolant flow thru the engine to try to cool it down.usually throttle position sensortry to remove the pos cable for 5 min and allow the computer to reset if any repairs have been recently made, and if concen comes back possibly a sensor, or even a calibration concern in the pcm. need to have reprogrammed at dealer only though.probably the iac valvedirty throttle body! clean the throttle plate and bore with carb cleaner and a toothbrush. done. dont mess with any adjustment screws, and dont spray the cable with wd-40.Check the cable it might be sticking .. use WD40 spray on under the gas pedal and the other end of the cable which is connected to carbYour accelerator cable can be oiled by a pro that knows what he is doing.  Take it to a Ford dealer.  It could be that the accelerator cable needs to be replaced.  Get them to try oiling it first though.there should be a screw on the side of your carby that will idle it down it sounds like its sticking somewhere between the accelerator and carbyIDLE CONTROL VALVE, GET A NEW ONEsounds like the cable attached the accelerator is stickingsounds like the IAC (idle air control valve) is sticking. sometimes you can clean the throttle body out with spray cleaner and take care of the binding pintle in there, but unfortunatly, the majority of the time it will need to be replaced. can get it from a local parts store.........
Undo the two bolts holding the slip ons in plae.  They are behind the heat shield.  Once removed, you pull off the slip on mufflers, then you undo the two bolts holding the baffle retainer inplace.  Not too bad of a job.  But if your bike is fuel injected, this will cause a sensor problem and you will have to remap the computer.  Cheaper to buy new pipes and a power commander for a few hundred buck and not void your warranty.  Plus you can return it to stock very easily for servicing.Easier to buy aftermarket slip-ons. You can pick up "Wild Pigs" on E-Bay for around $200.00 You can get different baffle sizes to change the tune. Would also recomend a different air filter. Remember, you will be changing how the motor breathes. Removing baffles in not recomended, especialy if you are running an injected bike. It would screw up the "mapping" in your computer. Best advice... ask the dealer you bought it from. Or better yet, read, listen and learn . If you are truely cluless, just leave it stockWhy do you want to do this for ?The noise American Rider mag did a performance study on this and found no added HP or torque value. But by changing to a freer flowing muffler Like Vance and Hines or (the name escapes me now and I can't find the magazine article) and either remapping the FI or rejetting the carb a noticeable HP gain with more torque  was recorded on a dyno.But if you must know, take a hole saw the size of the inside dia. of the pipe drill it and pull it out . But I personally recomend new mufflers and or pipesPipes with no baffles in em, or 'straight pipes' are also known as 'cop magnets'. Do you really feel like donating to the policemen's ball fund? LOL Also, another good case against removing baffles is that it reduces the engines back-pressure, which can make it run like crap...
U.S. Route 66, Route 66, or The Will Rogers Highway was a highway in the U.S. Highway system. One of the original federal routes, US 66 was established on November 11, 1926, though signs did not go up until the following year.[1] It originally ran from Chicago, Illinois through Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico, Arizona and California before ending at Los Angeles for a total of 2,448 miles (3,939 km).nostalgia. Also a great road trip...... It winds form Chicago to LA. More than 2,000 miles...Back in the 50's it was the nations "Interstate".originally it was I-99 and a big earthquake came and turned it all upside down, and so today we know it as I-66. It is the only route that this has ever happened to.Before interstates systems it was the longest U.S highway that ran I think east to west coast through several stateshave you been watching "Cars" lately? :PTher is more than one answer to this question.. The route 66 museum in Flagstaff will give a multitude of . reasonns for its popularity.. Visit this museum if u r interested in Route 66.are U talking about the K-Mart jeans or Highway 66???It is said to be haunted. Lots of ghost towns and desert....If you survive it you do have something to brag about.That's where you get your kicks!!Its the first highway that goes through more than one state in america.Why is this road so important to America? . . The Beginning. . Although entrepreneurs Cyrus Avery of Tulsa, Oklahoma, and John Woodruff of Springfield, Missouri deserve most of the credit for promoting the idea of an interregional link between Chicago and Los Angeles, their lobbying efforts were not realized until their dreams merged with the national program of highway and road development.. . While legislation for public highways first appeared in 1916, with revisions in 1921, it was not until Congress enacted an even more comprehensive version of the act in 1925 that the government executed its plan for national highway construction.. . Officially, the numerical designation 66 was assigned to the Chicago-to-Los Angeles route in the summer of 1926. With that designation came its acknowledgment as one of the nation's principal east-west arteries.. . From the outset, public road planners intended U.S. 66 to connect the main streets of rural and urban communities along its course for the most practical of reasons: most small towns had no prior access to a major national thoroughfare.. . http://www.national66.com/66hstry.htmlWho knows but there is a route 66 in my hometown and i am telling you that part of town is only popular for the law for all the dealing going on there.. . But if you are talking about clothes (that brand) i don't like that brandbecause it has starred in a movie (watch the grapes of wrath) it had its own tv show (route 66 ,hot guys in a hot corvette) it has a catchy theme song(tell me its not hard to resisit singing along or tapping your feet or snapping your fingers to it) most celebrities NEVER get all that.then you have nostalga,in the new movie cars the interstate is made to seem cold and impersonal where as ROUTE 66  is cool happy and retro chic.and some of the attractions along route 66 have achieved cult status too, like the cadillac ranch (25 caddys buried next to the road as a tribute to planned obsolesence) and the big texan steak ranch (home of the FREE 72 oz. steak dinner) it goes from downtown chicago to the santa monica pier-you think there might be something to that GO WEST YOUNG MAN ,huh?Well, it goes from Chicago to LA.  Over two thousand miles all the way.  It goes through St. Louie down through Missouri, Oklahoma City looks oh so pretty. You'll see Amarillo, Gallup, New Mexico, Flagstaff Arizona, don't forget Winona...you get the idea.  Route 66 rules.one because 66 is a satanic number, two because it used to be the only route from California to Chicago.it was a traditional highway west in the US.  It has since been supplanted by Highway 80.  but during the depression many people left the dustbowl (middle US) and migrated on Route 66 to promise of new jobs.  . Because of this towns sprung up, and business followed.  Route 66 is a historical route of USAit goes thru all the small towns and back roads of America. It used to be the only way across the USA before the interstates. Look at a book called "Blue Highways" by William Least Heat Moon. Great story about America's back roads.Who knows?It's a cheap brandYou get your kicks. On route sixty-six!. . http://www.total-knowledge.com/~willyblues/beacause it runs through 7different states
First you need to find out what freight rail services are available (CITY HALL CAN TELL YOU THIS ).And if you can get your freight forwarded to Plant City,Fl you would need to get that from the rail service (city hall would not know this answer ). You are going to need a long flat rail car or a 2nd car for the tractor (depends on tractors wheel base length ) assuming it is a semi tractor and trailer. If it is or not ; freight is freight and somewhere out there is a company to haul it .best of luckGo to www.bnsf.comThey want haul the tractor but you need www.cargotrains.comget the listing for any commercial rail way company and you will get your answer
It could be something faulty with the wiring, but often times the Engine Light is the 02 Sensor.  You can take it to most autopart stores to have a diagnostic test run for a lot cheaper than a mechanics because they would rather have you buy the parts there.  Some places even offer the service free.It depends on the number of miles that are on the vehicle.  Lots of times cars have a set number of miles that throw a code on to your car's computer that make your check engine light come on.  It is a way that manufactures can make sure that you bring your car in for servicing and to also make sure that you get your car checked out to stop any problems before they are problems.  If you just had your car checked out, call the mechanic and ask him to hook your car up to his scanner.  He can check the code to make sure that there is no problem and then rest the computer.  However, lots of times, when cars get over a hundred thousand miles on them, they have more issues that need resolved.  If you have a muffler problem, like a catylitic converter, that will make your check engine light come on also.  Take it back to your mechanic just to be safe.have you checked the gas cap it may be bad or not tight or where did you get you car looked at i always go to tuffy they can run some tests and find any thing of you may have a leek in a fuel lineThe Check engine light can come on for a variety of reasons, some very minor, like not having your gas cap on tightly, or having an airleak in the gas cap.  It is also programmed to come on a certain number of miles so you will take it to a dealer to have a good inspection.  Most mechanics can reset it for small fee.It may be a faulty sensor.The "check engine" light on a car isn't there only when your engine dies on you.  It flashes when the sensors in your engine detect a low level of any fluids or the potential to overheat.  Even if there's nothing wrong with it, it's a good idea to get preventive maintenance done and keep a problem from creeping in.  . . A similar principle is employed by the "low fuel" light on a car; the sensor in the gas tank's detected only a minimal amount of fuel, it's not empty yet.I've had the same thing happen to me.  Check that your gas cap is on correctly.  I was told to take it off and put it back on.  After I drove a few miles the light went off.loose gas cap false code or maby your mecanic is lying to you what was the code #?Sometimes the wires controling that light can get messed up so it turns on when you are fine. That happened in my boyfriends old thunderbird -- the light was on all the time but the engine was fine.sometimes the sensors go wonky. Usually when they change the gas blend in summer and winter. . . And sometimes I think the engine is just lonely and wants to know you care.UR GAS CAP MIGHT BE ON WRONG AND SUCKIN IN AIR INTO UR SYSTEM....TRY THAT FIRST THEN THE OIL
because they are the best F*ing vehicles on the road!!!Naturally aspirated?...... they will beat dodge or ford anyday.....a chevy with a turbo or supercharger?....if the tires can even grip they will beat them again.Cause you don't have to Fix Or Repair DailyBecause other wise they would be chocking and dying on Dodges all day.... And then there just won't be any Chevy's to pick on would there be..
NOTE: A maximum of 4 remote transmitters can be programmed.. . Obtain all remote transmitters.. Open the trunk.. Close and lock all doors.. Insert and remove key from the ignition switch more than 6 times within 10 seconds.. All original remote codes are now erased.. Unlock then lock vehicle using the driver's door LOCK/UNLOCK lever.. Press LOCK button on first remote transmitter to be programmed.. First remote transmitter now programmed.. To program next remote transmitter:. Unlock then lock vehicle using the driver's door LOCK/UNLOCK lever.. Press LOCK button on second remote transmitter to be programmed.. Repeat above procedure to program remaining remote transmitter.. To exit programming mode: Open driver's or passenger's door.. Check operation of all programmed remote transmitters.You have to follow the directions to a T.  If you are replacing a broken remote, their might be other problems, like the receiver.  You have to turn the Key On and Off so many times, with in a some many seconds.   I had a Ford Focus, that was the same way...
Reminds me of the old joke "FOR SALE:  1963, Bright Red Dodge 426 Hemi, driven by little old lady, only on Sundays ..a quarter mile at a time!  Call "Granny" Pasadena, CA"You have to look in the engine compartment and it will be on the left side of the engine compartment on the top of the transmission there is an electrical plug for the speed sensor and you should be able to see it pretty easy then just plug it back infirst off "trydave1ce" doesn't know what they are talking about... and as for your problem... pop your hood and follow all the cables coming from the firewall and there should be one running to the transmission.  I don't remember when they started putting digital odometers in the Saturn's but if yours has one that fix is just as easy.. check the fuses and or look for disconnected plugs on the trannyThis car has a VEHICLE SPEED SENSOR it is mounted on the transmission and sends electrical impulse to the speedo. . This system is ALL electric and has no CABLES to drive gears.. The speed sensor is mounted on the transmission by the drivers side front.First off towing a car doesnt make the speedometer turn! The drive cable under the dash has been disconnected. They shoulda been turned in!either a they pulled a fuse or b they unplugged the speedometer if everything else works gauges idiot lights then look under your hood on the driver side for a plug thats not plugged inthere is a plug on the bottom of the transmission that causes the speedometer to stop working. i should know i had that same problem.well towing a car--will increase the miles ...regardless.  so the old couple lied to you (imagine that) so they probably had a lot more miles on it then they said---..but ok its your problem now.  their should be a speed sensor on top of transmission it may be unplugged...the mechanic commited a federal crime----so did the elderly couple....caveat emptor..  and you should repair it or get it repaired before you sell it or you will be commiting the same crimethere is a possibility that they or someone they bought if from unplugged it to keep the mileage low for resale, which is a federal crime. do a carfax before you touch it and figure out how many miles were put on it per year. if it's less than 10k miles take it to a dealership and have them assess it. i'd be concerned.I wonder how long they drove it around like that.  Hope your car doesn't have a million miles on it.
well, you gotta take the dashboard apart , the screws are located in many parts of the dash ,  if you are putting in a new head unit that has no plugs , you need to pull out the old unit , it may be screwed in thanks to GM's theft protection , you need to cut the plugs off the ends , and connect the wires m the red and yellow wire on your head unit are your positive wire (red) and your memory cord , just connect both of them to your power wire , connect your ground wire (black) and plug in your antenna , after that you have nothing but speaker wires you connect then in sets like front left is one set with 2 wires  and all the others are the same , after you strip and connect your positive and memory cords cap them off to prevent shorts , and connect your black ground wire to the black wire in the dash and cap it off as well , after you connect your speaker wires you need to either tape them or cap them , don't leave any bare wire showing , put your unit back in the dash put your screws in put the dash back together and your ready to go !! Good luck if you need any help contact me through messenger and i will guide youby taking it out and puting a new one in
If you are trying to remove the entire headliner, you will first need to remove both sunvisors in the front. After that, remove all pillars (next to windshield, above doors, between front and back doors, above back doors, next to rear window). You will also need to remove the dome light, and if your vehicle has a sunroof, you will need to remove the surround of the sunroof. After all is done, there should simply be plastic 'push pins' holding it in place and it should come right down.unscrew every thing that's is holding it upyou dont have to remove the whole head liner, just pull it down enough to see where the cross beam is(this is where you'll mount the bracket) then you know where to cut a small section of your headliner out.unscrew and pull out
Watch the Barrett-Jackson auctions on SpeedChannel.Don't worry about the value of the car. What is it worth to you, what is the bottom dollar you'll take. Set a price and sit on it somebody will pay for it.well the best thing to do is contact the local ar clubs for old cars in your area , then do some reserch on how rare they are but the club should tell ya what the basic value of them is in your area , take lots of photos to show them , but its going to be most worth it to the person who wants one , so watch ebay and see what they go for or if u can find one evenLook at car websites and use the Kelty Blue Book.look in the phone book for a local appraiser,(that does classic cars). Try a classic or vintage car trader magazine= news letter found in most convenient stores.You can check values at www.manheimgold.com. . but you must first of all read the section on "condition".. . The '74 Buick isn't worth much, maybe $5,000-$6,000 if it were a knockout show car, and the '55 Chevy truck depends a lot on the model,  condition of the body and interior. A '55 "Cameo" pickup is worth something even beat-up, but a regular beat up '55 Chevy truck, not so much. . . There is no such car as a 43 Buick.. . I'd sell the Buick on eBay and the truck just locally on your local craigslist or local paper. Old pickups are easy to sell if they run.. . 40s cars are not easy to sell. I think for the Buick I'd place an ad in Hemmings Motor News.Hemmings Motor News, on sale at most bookstores like Barnes and Nobles.  It lists almost every make, and is a great resource.  It is also a great way to sell the cars you mentioned.
With a strobe light gun and then look for the markings. Make sure set at zero, look for the numbers.  If you can't see the numbers clean the crank shaft pulley.What scares me the most is the stupid answers you get on this site.  First check for a timing mark on your crank shaft pulley.  Then check for a guide that should be near it.  Looks like a little plate with numbers on it.  Kind of sticks out about an inch or two.  That plate should have numbers on it.  Numbers with + or - by them.  OK, now that you've found that,get a timing light.  Looks like a little gun that has three wires coming off of it.  The probe end goes around number 1 spark plug wire and the others go to the battery.  Start the car and point the light at the little plate.  You should see a line (the mark on your crank pulley) that is lining up with those numbers.  Very lightly loosen the bolt that hold the distributor down.  Maybe just 1/4 to 1/2 turn.  You might want to do this before you start the car.  OK car running, distributor loose, turn the distributor slightly to get that line to +6.  When there, turn car off.  Tighten the bolt and you are done.  Oh yeah, one more thing.  Take the vacuum line off the distributor before you start.  That will throw this hold process off.  Don't forget to put it back on when you are done.  Hope this helps.i believe the only way you are gonna get that information is a trip to the library...good luck. try     www.autozone.com .........  ya just never know....First clean the damper pully.(crankshaft).You will see a line cut into it.Mark this line with white paint stick or chalk.The sticker under your hood will tell you how many degrees before top dead center it shoul fire on.Mark this line as well on the marker located above the damper pully.Disconnect the vacuum line to the distributor and plug it.Start the car.Useing a timing lite, aim it at the timing marks.If they don't match exactly,loosen the distributor and turn it slightly to advance or retard the timing till the marks match.Good luck.There's two ways to check the timing on a car.  Luckily, a '59 will be easy as there's less electronic stuff to get in the way.. . You'll need a shop manual for the exact settings and procedures.  Local libraries often have sets you can examine.. . The first way is static timing.  You need a test light, which you connect across the points in the distributor.  Disconnect the coil lead, so that the engine won't start, and turn on the ignition. Then you carefully turn the engine over until the points open and the light comes on.  At that point, look at the crank pulley and the pointer should show the static engine timing.. . The second way is dynamic timing with the engine running.  This takes into account mechanical and vacuum advance/retard to the timing settings.  You'll need a timing strobe light that you can get for about $20 at any car parts place, or Sears.  You hook the power leads to the battery, and clip the sensor lead around the #1 spark plug wire.  When the light senses that the plug is firing, it triggers the light.  Start the engine, aim the light at the crank pulley and you'll see that the pulley appears stationary, with the pointer indicating the current timing setting.. . You may need to rub something like chalk or white shoe polish into the markings to make them more visible.. . If the setting appears to jerk back and forth seemingly at random, it can be a sign that your distributor shaft is worn and the timing is not stable.. . WARNING!  Working in the engine compartment with the engine running is DANGEROUS, especially around the front of the engine where the fan is.  Be very careful.  If you're not comfortable with this, just pay a pro.
The right thing to do is go to a garage and get it done but if its a thing you can't drive the car then. they are held in place by two  bolt's at back 1 top and 1 bottom only take the bottom 1 out fully and open top 1 then the caliper should slide upwards and the pads should slide out its easyer not to take it off fullypiece of cake.since you don't know how !!!!!!!! PAY SOMEONE!!!!!  SAVE A LIFEIF YOU DONT KNOW THE ANSWER TO YOUR QUESTION U BETTER LEAVE IT BE TO THE PROS.IT DOESNT SOUND LIKE U KNOW WHAT YOUR DOING TO ME.ALWAYS REMEMBER THAT YOULL ALWAYS HAVE SOME ONE LIFE IN OR AROUND YOUR CAR MAke it safe the proper way.let those who know what there doing do the job.its not money smartPlease please please have a trained qualified mechanic do any repairs on your car, especially the brakes.  Your life and the life of any passengers as well as all other road users and pedestrians are at risk of being killed or maimed if a vehicle is not serviced and maintained correctly.  You wouldn't use an unqualified dentist would you?  So why do something so important while taking such a risk.they are held in place by two 13mm bolt remove the caliper and the pads should slide right outGet it done properly for all our sakes. It wont cost a bomb.. Everyone thinks they are mechanics but please get it done by a professionalAs a qualified auto engineer and also college lecturer i would advise you not to attempt this task unless you have the confidence, knowledge and equipment for this.  The procedure is relativley simple however please remember if you get this wrong you willl not only be putting yourself at risk but also members of the public as well.  Go to your local library and see if there is a haynes manual, check out the section on brakes then if you think the task is too complicated go to a local garage
Oil is changed for the following reasons:. . 1. Oil in the oil sump which travelled approx. 7500-10000 KMS has withstanded extreme high temperatures, splashing, turbulence, Thermal Shocks (When you drive engine it becomes hot and when you park its temperature start cooling down.....and so on a contnous cycle keeps on going).. . 2. Due to the above cycles, certain chemical changes take place in the oil which starts turning it acidic. . . 3. It starts losing its viscocity which is very important for a good lubrication between the moving parts.. . 4. Low viscocity means higher wear of the moving engine parts.. . 5. Higher wear of the parts mean one has to be ready for higher maintenance & repair costs.. . So, a change of the oil brings back the same viscocity of the oil required for that particular temperature (like cold countries, warm countries...has different viscocities...20W40, 20W50 & so on). An oil recomended for a cold country will seize the engine if used by a vehicle owner in the warm country).. . This enhance the engine life....hence we change the engine oil.Oil over time tends to pick up impurities and these impurities can abrade the surface of the piston rings causing the oil flow irregularities.  Over time this will wear on the engine.$o you can go 18 dummy with your car! and so you can gosht ride the whip on the side shows YADAAAAMEEAN!ESO510Otherwise the oil gets thick and dirty in time, and contains minute particles that can harm the engine.  Change the oil.As your engine runs, it uses the oil to lubricate its moving parts and remove excess heat from the block.  Modern motor oil especially has many different lubricants and detergents in it to help keep the engine running smoothly (significantly reducing internal friction) and to take rust and other impurities away.  Eventually (after about 3,000-5,000 miles or three months), the lubricants and cleaners break down and are of no longer use.. . The oil also removes particulate matter from the engine.  If you never change the oil in your engine, it will eventually become thick with grime and burnt particles and no longer protect the block.  The oil change interval is set so that you replace the oil when it is beginning to fail.. . Failure to change the oil in a car is the most common cause of engine damage.  Keeping up with regular change intervals can all but prevent major problems with the engine.should I not?Well I guess you've never seen engines where they had idiots driving them.... and never or barely changed the oil..... the oil gets thicker and thicker, picks up more and more wear particals and dirt and gas from some blowby....... and after a while starts to clump up and turns the engine into a sludge cake..... basically becomes a valve grinding like compound...... may or may not blow the engine up  but might just seize up.bcoz the molecules break down . . and. . it gets contaminated with carbonbecause the oil wares down and it doesn't do the job so you need to put fresh new oil in.   It will extend the life of your engine.. . ********************************************************************. .  There are only a few basic reasons why it is necessary to change your oil, and they all, in the end, have to do with decreased protection of your engine and decreased performance. If these elements can be minimized, then there would be little or no reason to change the oil.Oil undergoes thermal breakdown due to high operating temperature. When this occurs, the oil becomes less effective as a lubricant. And without a good lubricant (read: expensive), parts of the engine rub together and wear each other out.. . . You'll need some type of oil-filter wrench; here are two sizes of socket-style cap wrenches — one fitted to an oil filter and the other to a 3/8-inch-drive breaker bar handle.. Oil also contains additives that have the ability to neutralize acids. Over time, these additives get used up and stop being effective.. . Finally, oil can absorb water, dust and combustion byproducts and also hold them in suspension. Eventually, the oil gets saturated with this stuff and can't absorb any more. Then that stuff remains in the engine and can cause corrosion.. . What happens if I don't do this?. Your engine won't last as long as it could. Oil serves many crucial functions, and clean oil performs those functions better than dirty oil. Oil is relatively cheap, and changing your oil every 5,000 miles is a very cheap insurance policy against major repairs down the road.If you don't it will eventually become sludge and not effectively lubricate the parts that are needed to run your engine.  Left long enough without an oil change and you'll be shopping for a brand new engine.  Pretty costly considering the price of changing your oil regularly.oil helps the engine run smoother. when the engine runs smoother it will last longer. i suggest changing your oil at least every 8-10 thousand miles. unless you have a toyota truck. then studies have shown it only needs to be changed about every 15-20,000 milesTo keep your engine running at its best.So "they " can make more moneyoil breaks down after a certain period of time.  You dont want oil with no lubricating properties in your motor if you  plan on keeping your vehicle for longer than a year.  New cars dont like bad oil as it can clog up filter, lines, and the oil pump.  Most old cars are forgiving but only to a point.  Old oil clumps up after a time and gums up the valve springs and everything else it comes in contact with inside the motor.  You want your motor to work smoothly, not fight itself just to keep running. I'm an ASE certified tech in case you  were wondering.As oil is used it gets hot and dirty. Over time, it loses it's ability to properly lubricate your engine and gets thick and sticky.  It you leave it too long, it''ll potentially ruin your engine.. . And without oil, your moving parts in your car will stop moving and lock, making your car a very large paperweight until you get a new engine or car :p
There are great products out there for just this thing. Go to any Pep Boys, Advance Auto (whatever is in your area) and look in the cleaning supplies for tar and bug remover. There are several brands, and, from my experiences, they're all pretty good.. . One spring I drove my gold Civic through some wicked bugs. It looked like my front bumper had five o'clock shadow. A little bug remover, and I didn't even have to scrub. They came right off when I poured some of the cleaner on a rag and ran it across the bumper.Fairly new on the market are Bug and Tar WIPES, that are like regular cleaning wipes except with STRONG BUG cleaner on them and MORE TEXTURE to accomplish the job. You should be able to find them at auto parts stores if not at your regular shopping.. . BE SURE TO WEAR GLOVES, tho--that stuff IS STRONG!Soap, water and a sponge.use a little gasoline or rubbing alcohol on a rag it will grie the bug splatter and it wont harm the paint as long as you clean the surface once your done
see if you put it on wrong like can it go into any other way ? also you may have broken a wire or you short out your bulbCheck with a test light all fuses then proceed from there wires at back may have went to ground and blown a fuse and check it  good with a test light the only wayYou have a bad ground. Figure out where the wire is busted and replace =)There are 2 (two) flasher relays under the dash on your vehicle. You probably replaced the one for the 4 way  flashers, try finding the other one and replacing it. Also on some models you need a relay to hook up the rear lighting for a trailer. Check with your local U-haul and they will be able to tell you what you need and sell it to you.Grounding problem
Disconnect the battery for 30-45 seconds by removing the negative cable, or take it to a BMW shop to have them flash the compuer.. . With your age of car, disconnecting the battery probably won't cause any issues.  If you have a high-end, modern stereo system in it, though, you'll want to get the computer flashed--because disconnecting the battery for that long will lock you out of your stereo system.try disconnecting the battery for 30 minutes.
If you take a big screwdriver, or a small pry bar, and gently insent it betwwen the radio and the dash, then strike the tool with a large (24 oz. or larger) hammer while applying outward pressure. . . . . . PRESTO. . . . radio out     Cut wires with pliers. . . . . Fix dash with color matching duct tapeFirst you open the rear decklid, then you run a chain from there to the dash, hook it to the radio, remove all slack from the chain, have your buddy with his F450 Super Duty hook it to his front tow hooks, ensure there is at least 15 feet of slack in the chain from where he hooked it up to the rear of your car, but no slack from the rear of your car to the radio, have him pull forward till he is 1/4" from your bumper, have him engage the four wheel drive, put your truck in reverse and engage the parking brake, have your buddy put his truck in nuetral, rev it till it is exactally at 4350 RPM, which should be the exact point of max torque for the motor, have him hold it steady and slowly slam it into reverse and floor the hell out of the truck, once all tention is quickly removed from the chain the radio, interior wiring harness, entire dash, seats and rear decklid should swiftly remove themselves from your vehicle...You have to remove the dash trim around the radio, cup holder, and ash tray area to get to the screws for the radio. So look around the trim the see any screws. Open the glove box, there might be 1 or 2 there aswell, at the base and over twards the steering wheel. If not, it will atached by clips, so you would just pull it off.
You don't.  It's computer controlled.let it get a head start and then get out the shot gunPlease....first check for vaccum leaks before spending all of this time and money that people are telling you to do.  Check all of your vaccum lines first.  Do a good visual....exceptional visual...then, when you are sure there is nothing that looks rotted or broken, take it for a diagnostic and replace the knock sensor and whatever else they "think" is bad. (the computer tells them...haha)  Good luck.you need the plug in service computer. There is no physical adjustment for it.....You don't,   It's controlled by the computer and the knock sensor.. Nissan has a lot of problems knock sensors.  Try replacing it.The computer controls the timing. The only way to change the timing is to replace or reprogram the computers PROM (programmable read only memory). If you want to improve the performance, there are after market company's that provide them.
measured hp 73.5 @ 8700 rpm, 47.1 ft-lbs @ 7250 rpm,429 lbs dry. This is for a 2004 like you asked. Good enough?70 bhp
I change mine by useing a turkey baster to suck out the old fluid & putting it in a container with a lid. I then refill with new fluid. I hope this helps!you shouldn't need to change that fluid. if you REALLY want to change it...underneath the pump there are lines(hoses) goint to your steering gearbox (or something like that). These hoses are usually solid (made of metal) and screwed into the pump's resevoir. unscrew both of them (becuase i don't know which on your pump is your fluid in and fluid out) and let them drain into a drain pan, (or very wider mouthed container). screw them back in (being VERY carefull not to missalign the threads on the hoses and destroying them). when you do this whole process, keep an eye on these little rubber "O" rings. don't lose these. . WHEW!. but like i said, you shouldn't need to change the power steering fluid.Why do you think you need to change it? It's not like motor oil, it's just hydraulic fluid for the power steering pump. Whomever told you that you need to change it has no idea what they are talking aboutI just add to it, I never change it.  Why are you changing it?  If I had to change  mine, I would wait til I get my next oil change and ask them what it would cost to do it.  If it is not too much, I would just let them do it.Why do you wana change the PS Fluid.. . Your car should go 1,000,000 miles before you need this serviceHeated, old oil will always look different than new oil, so that wouldn't tell you anything in case the old oil actually has the feel of "mud"...and I highly doubt that.  If your power steering box was closed, I can't imagine how anything could contaminate it unless the interior was failing.. . no one changes the oil in those, so you probably don't have any kind of drain plug, so use a baby syringe or get a gear lube pump for like $7-10 from wal-mart or auto parts store.  pump it out of the  same hole you'd add the oil.you can ask your Neighbor ! or get a big mocho guy to take your car inDon't be silly!  Take it to a Ford dealer and have it done by somebody who knows what the hell they are doing.  A dealership won't overcharge you because you are a woman.  An independent garage just might.
You are so correct. Unforunately, we are now so spoiled and adjusted to getting where we need to go in an expediant manner, and sub-consciously take the risk of loss of life every day, that it would take an extreme act of God to bring us back to the simpler way of life.. However, like Ghandi said, "be the peace that you want to see in the world." Even if you stand alone, you are making a strong stand.. . .not having a plan to convince everyone in the world that very fact. atleast you have 1Ok, as a fellow Australian, the major flaw in this is that are beautiful country is rather large!. . It's fine if you live in the cities, but what about the rural dwellers?. . Even for those that live in the cities, we still have family that live interstate or hours away by car.. . Drink driving penalties and speeding fines need to be a lot more severe - this will help with the road toll. Also, younger drivers that have just gotten their licence shouldn't be allowed straight on the road in a high powered car - they should be made to start off with a 4 cylinder for a couple of years.. . There are new technologies on the drawing board to counter air pollution - QLD and VIC have already pledged a lot of moeny to this cause.. . Banning cars is not the answer - the economy would grind to a halt!A car is much cheaper. Wouldn't it be costly to always have to pay for a bus (or w/e)? Other than that, I think it is a pretty good idea. Although, there would be more bus crashes if there were more buses...
Use a small amount of Goo Gone to remove the sap, then QUICKLY wash that area of the paint with auto soap/wash.  My sister had sap all over her Jetta.  That's what she did, and it worked without hurting the paint.  Another alternative is that Meguairs and the other car care companies make products specifically for what you are trying to do.use a good rubbing compound then wash and put a good wax on your paint that will make it alittle easier to get off next time plus save your clearcoatdish washing soap,dawn, joy,etc,won't harm paint and breaks down sap.You should try going to an auto store like Auto Zone or A flag Auto, they should have something safe to use. Or go to a WAL-MART and get this stuff called ''GOO-GONE" It's pretty safe on most every thing and it works But read the back label to be sure it won't hurt your paint, I don't think it will, it's safe on clothes and so many other things it's probably safe on that to.if it hasnt been there long try tea tree oil.Goo Gone is the best thing that I have found for removing all sorts of things from paint jobs and not damage it.hot waterMy father had a Ford extended van with the same problem, covering the entire roof. Simple Green cleaned it right up, and is non-toxic.wd 40
Most states have gone to plates made out of the country.  These are actually much cheaper for the states to buy.  Most states do not have "prisoners" make them any more.So big brother can read your plate number easier with their spy cameras.It's a conspiracy and they are out to get you.because the new tags have bar codes on them. its easier to scan ur plates from a distance with them flat.Cheaper to make and can charge you the same price as the old kind.Prisoners are to lazy to operate the pressflat plates are cheaper to produce.  many states have moved to them as the machines that imprint the #s on the other kind need repairs or replacement.. . they're easier to get the dried up and caked on bugs off from as well, though i'm sure that's just a side benny.Probably because it's much easier to print license plates than it is to stamp them and then paint them, and cheaper to boot.  All you really need is to be able to clearly read the plate and the paint is going to be just as weather-proof on a flat surface as it is a stamped one... so the stamping is just extra money the state doesn't need to spend.The state of washington has done that ($32?).  However, much of it has been made up with a 9 cent tax increase on fuel.It's cheaper than the 3-d ones and faster to make.Cuz they are cheap and the prisoners are on strike.
coilovers are shocks with coil springs arround themCoil overs can be an accessory to a shock absorber. Struts are simply larger coil overs with big shocks inside and are a single unit. Springs are made to be a separate component from the shocks. Springs can come in many forms including coil, leaf, and torsion bars.Coilovers are adjustable to different, springs will only lower your car to the height they are cut at.
If the foam was attached by adhesive and was installed from the "factory", then more than likely this is used as a vibration dampener. Check with your Nissan parts department, they should be able to order a replacement. Ask them if you can look at it, you may be able to by the same type of foam at you hardware store or parts house much cheaper than dealer cost.More so than to dampen vibrations, that foam was there to block aiflow from escaping up through it. It makes the cooling air being pulled in by the fan go through the AC condensor then the radiator without any going out through the gap. It will make a difference, but you won't notice it, nor will it hurt anything to leave it off.. . If you want to replace it, use a strip cut from foam pipe insullation, and stick it on with double sided tape.This foam strip is actually mounted on top of an air  box cowling and is designed to damn the air flow and force it into the air cowl and into the air filter box to improve performance.    This foam strip can be bought anywhere...itz the same product as used for home door and window insulation.  Not a big deal, but the mfg. put it there for a reason.
all bikes are none smoking nowthe motorbike is for speed and cruising the motorbike are designed so the air will go over and around them it is not for putting your fags out on you'll have to stop for a fag or a spliff if that's what you smokeBecause the way you have to drive it. For one it really doesn't have room and for another if you choose to smoke on a motorbike why do you need a ashtray. You are already outside.. Just let the ashes  blow in the wind. Besides how can you keep a cigarette lit when the wind is going full speed at you?1. if you have time to smoke you need to ride faster. 2. if you have been rideing for long enough to wish you could smoke on your motorcycle havnt you talked enough people about motorcycles to realize that people that call them motorbikes have never ridin in their lifebecause when you are riding allthe ashes blow out and it is probaly non smoking on onethe real question is why is there know bleeding hole in the helmet!. i always seem to singe my eye brow when smoking on my bikeThe ashtray is usually found in all that empty space within the helmet. . This must rate as the all time stupidest question ever asked on Yahoo! answersNo ashtray? They ALL have them. They are in the bar, hidden behind the freezer.in my experience bikers are all far too sensible to smokeuse the hole you put the petrol inWell apart from the fact Smoking is so ugly, stinky and bad for you. You'd have to be a extremely good driver to smoke, flick your ash in the ash tray, drive and concentrate on the road.For the same reason there are no chocolate fire guardsJust stick your hand out the window and flick.. ha ha...lol.. stupid question!this is the most fucking stupid question I have ever read.for the same reason that a fish doesnt wear a wristwatch.You can get them on the Honda Gold Wing as an accessory or on the Harley Super Glide as a standard item.2 pointsunless your sitting still, its kinda hard to smoke on onetry rolling at 70 with a cig in ur mouth, the wind'll blow it in the back of your throat.Because the spare change bounces out on bumpy roads, and you are left with nothing for the toll booth, or coffee shop.lmfao!!lol the environment is the ashtray. even people who smoke in cars prefer to flick their ash out the window and they dont use the ashtray either.Those that chose to actually answer this and took your Q seriously can only originate from a certain part of the world. No prizes for guessing which one!
Have your car tested at a local advanced or autozone store.  Make those repairs. Also if the vehicle has over 100k miles you'll need to take it to the dealership.  Most US made cars will have the check engine light come on at this mileage.  The dealership will run a diagnostic and reset the computer.Take the dash cluster out and pull the light bulb or pull the fuseIf the light comes on, take it into a mechanic to have them find out why.. . You might be having a problem with the indicator light circuit, but odds are the computer has sensed something amiss with the engine and you should get it looked at as soon as possible.  DON'T ignore it!  If the mechanics can't find anything wrong with the car, have them do electrical diagnosis on the indicator light circuit, and replace it if necessary.If it's coming on now, it's to fix it as something is found wrong in the system that could damage some expensive parts. . if you are just worried about the future, Don't .. it will come on like anything else that can go wrong with the vehicle.. the light won't come on by itself and unless the engine computer screws up, the light won't come on without no codes.... . .. and unlike the sturrers on here, every model has it's problems and codes... just ask an import owner after the warranty goes out:-)the problem is that no matter what you do, it will still come on at some point, so the only real way to avoid it is to replace that little bulb with a burned out one :)Have it fixed!!!!!!!!!!!!  Go get a diagnostics test done, and fix the problem.You can take you car to a AutoZone store and they will check to see if any computer codes are stored.  They can reset your system if there are none.. . Good Luckget it fixedSometimes when the gas cap isn't tightened all the way the engine light comes on--FYI: This is usually an indication that something is wrong with your vehicle.Take is to the dealership and have them run the "codes" and find out what is wrong with the car.  If you just want it off take the light bulb out from behind the panel.buy a chevyGood luck! My mother has had two ford windstars and they both began to keep the check engine light on continuosly even when nothing was wrong so my guess is that it's faulty manufacturing.I have the same problem in my Grand Am. . My father-in-law told me it is most likely just the sensor and it needs to be changed out..... . But first make sure there is nothing wrong with your car... take it somewhere and have a diagnostic check ran first.....Most parts places will scan your codes for free. That should tell you why the light comes on.The gas cap might not be on right
Same as before but without the rod in the plug hole. Attach a compression gage and turn engine slowly by hand until the pressure is maximum.take distributer cap of and when piston is at top, check to see if the points are pointing at the number one spark plug position.  if  not it will be on the exaust stroke, if its right on its on compression.the easiest way it to remove the number 1 spark plug . then insert a long rod in it and turn it over by hand annd watch the rod raise and lower and when it is at the top you will have tdctake out the no,1 plug then put your finger over the spark plug hole and have someone to bump the motor for you when you feel pressher pushing your finger away then turn the motor by hand until you get to the TDC on the harmonic balancer
Navigator & Expedition are gonna be the same, & the explorer is about 15-20 % smaller inside..Ford expedition is bigger than ford explorer and a navigator is almost like an expedition. Although the BIGGEST SUV ever made is Ford excursion.
I currently own a 1995 Hyundai Elantra and have recently had the same problem.  I was told by a mechanic that it is the 02 sensor.  However, if the engine light comes on and off, they won't be able to detect it with their equipment.  You have to wait until the light comes on and stays on.oxygen sensor / exhaust gas sensor - two most common causes. take it to like advance or something and see if they can give you the error code ( they will have the proper equipment there ) and they should do it for free.Uh your better off going to a autoparts store and have them read your engine codes. If they cant help you serously a pain in the butt. You gotta take into a shop.
get a nitrus oid kit, whee!!Get a high quality header, free flow muffler and make sure your breather is working right. You can put a high performance coil on each system and run platinum plugs.the short answer, there is not a whole helluva lot you can do to make alot more power.. stock the engine made around 85hp.. add a header, hi flow cat, free flowing exhaust, MSD ignition, good plug wires, the correct intake and exhaust NGK plugs (they are a different number), depending on emission testing in your area, some weber side draft carbs, and a cam swap.. . or depending on your budget and skills, the most popular engine swap for the hardbodies has to be a SR20DET.. a 2.0L turbo motor.On newer cars, there are usually after maket chips you can install to get a HP boost, but I don't know thats an option for you truck.  You may want to try tinkering with the transmission a bit (adjust gear ratios, get a new flywheel).  The HP may not go up, but you will definetly notice a difference in performance with the right tweaks.
take Gardenier Expressway, exit for the SkyDome, take left to Skydome, then take Left AT SkyDome. CN Tower is just behind SkyDome and Air Canada CentreFrom where? Its in Toronto, Canada.
Turn the key back to run and step on the brake. Put the car in park and turn the key off and remove it. I hope I have been helpful.I have a 99 grand prix and had the same problem.  Believe it or not it was a dead battery. As soon as I hooked up jumper cables I could take the key out and start it.  There is also a nuetral safety switch that I later found out about that would have allowed me to take the key out.  Other wise i would say it is the ignition switchTry putting your foot on the brake.. Sometimes that works.. That might allow you to put it in park and release the key
you've answered your own question (black&white)What came first, the chicken or the egg?if it has the zebra stripes it has cameras at that intersection is so they can photograph the intersection greater and tell the exact location of the vehicle in case you try to fight it in court there will be no doubt where your vehicle is when the photo is taken, (its striped like a zebra slang only)In the US, it is a cross walk.  Just two lines that run parallel from curb to curb.  Most Americans don't know how to use it anyways and a complex pattern like a Zebra would probably scare them even further away.The zebra crossing was first used (after some isolated experiments) at 1000 sites in the UK in 1949 (the original form being alternating strips of blue and yellow), and a 1951 measure introduced them into law. In 1971, the Green Cross Code was introduced to teach children safer crossing habits (replacing an earlier "kerb drill").. . So it is because of the zebra-like pattern.. . Hope that helps!You can consider both your answers correct!white stripes on black?At some point in tim eit was probably just a crossing until thery realised the black and white stripes painted on it resembled zebra stripes.
High gas prices affect us in other ways, aside from paying for the gas in our car.  Everything we use on a daily basis is affected by high gas prices.  Anything that is made by petroleum, or anything that has to be delivered (which is everything we use).I don't think it really has. I still go where I want when I want.My daily life has been fairly normal. Not alot of big changes yes.none i get free fuel from my employer plus i grow my own fuel out of corn and get paid to make the fuel its called ethanol and it is at least 20 cents cheaper than regular plus a higher octaneFor my personal driving the prices have not affected me at all. even tho I'm retired on a pension. I drive high mileage, low. cost, low maintenance cars (Ford Escort) and if gas went. to 10 dollars a gallon it wouldn't matter to me. However, the. ripple effect probably impacts me. Gas is still cheap as can. be otherwise we wouldn't waste it like we do.Gas prices don't affect me in the slightest because I don't drive a car.  I chose years ago that I would not be responsible for more poisonous gases being put into the atmosphere.  There are too many cars out there already.My girl friend used to drive over to my place everyday. Now she has to ride her bicycle and when she gets here , she is too tired to mess around. She lives 28 miles down the mountain from here. I hope as prices go down soon. I am dying up here !
you'll either have to go in threw the trunk or take out the brake light lense.There are 5 plastic nuts inside the trunk, under the carpet, on the side you are trying to replace.  you  can then pull the whole taillight assembly off from the outside and you can access the bulbsGo to an Auto Parts store and ask them - they'll usually help you - I've done it before.from inside the trunk ..just remove the light connection and the bulb comes out with iton my Chevy i changed the bulb , i had to get to it from inside trunk.
It is a way of controlling an industry and making money off of it.. It is a way that companies  found a way to avoid the responsiblity that employers will have legally with employees, so now the employee is called an independent contractor, responsible for all expenses with no benefits whatsoever.I read an article about this in the Washington Post once (link below), and basically they are so expensive because there is high demand for them and they are limited in number.  They were probably cheaper 15 years ago because there were more medallions in circulation compared to the number of people who wanted them.  It also depends on how many new medallions a city may choose to issue and how often.  Read the article for more info.the medallion is used so a person or a fleet can drive a taxi in new york. this way the taxi is regulated and they cant rip off there passengers., unlike the so called "dollar vans" witch are not regulated and can almost get away with charging what they want for a fare.
I think that there is a short bar you have to slide into the sliders for the seats to pop out. My cousin did this. It's not expensive, I just don't where you should go to find it.CUTTING TORCH or a SAWS-ALLUnbolt the seats and take them out and turn them over and you will see the sliders, usually they will unbolt from the seat and you will have to figure how to bolt them to the new seat.
try going to the local autozone or parts store and see if they have a book for that model.. it will tell you everything you need to know and give you pictures of how to do it..Yuo should be able to attach the towbar to the subframe without removing the bumper. tking the bumper off is a real PIA because of the plastic bumper cover. If this is for a 1 time tow, I'd go with a 2 wheel dolly from U-Haul. (I think it's like $35 a day, unlimited mileage, local, or 1 way.)
they couldnt see it..........lights wereoff whilethey sleep...... iftherre were bed lamps...may be its colour!!!     Blue,red ,greenHey, it's 'Km/h', not 'klms per hour'. Besides, a train's average speed is around 120Km/h (or about 80mph).. cola...I think their sheets are either white or brown since when many people fell asleep, they spille the cola. The rest didn't. (who would sreve you with colored sheets on a train!)cum stained you jackoffYou have had your head buried in your cat's litter box too long.Cool nic you got there!
does it have a gas engine? by the sound of the price it does gas engines in a 350 series is hard to sell most people prefer a diesel at my lot we carry probably 1 gas to 30 diesels u may consider advert. in a magazine or something (depend on your location) geared toward farming and or construction  etc. landscaper  any publication geared toward that may help    and no dont cut your losses it will sell in the right market if you are under current prices and advertise it it will sellYou have a gas hog. The price is going to drop below the 18k like a rock.  Cut your losses and sell it for15k before you end up with a value (determined by the current market, not some book made up 8 months ago) of under 10kMake it disappear and then reappear in Mexicolook and see what comparable trucks are selling for. i don't think that sounds to high, but it is  a big truck. have you had anyone come to look at it? if you do get them to make an offer and think about it.Yeah...The other guys are on the money about the Diesels. However, I know quite a Few Old folks who use these to pull 5th wheel RVs. They actually prefer the V10 gas over the diesel. Diesel is cheaper to drive, but diesels get finnicky when they sit not running for 6 months at a time. . . Anyway, I have personally sold over 30 vehicles using the Local Autotrader type magazines. You know...The Free Classifieds paper you find by the door at the grocery store etc.... . Take a good color photo and run a Color photo ad for a month. It WILL sell eventually. However, the BIG problem is that you are trying to get DEALER money with a private party sale. Selling cars this way usually does NOT work! People expect to SAVE money by buying private party instead of at a dealership! . . Depreciation stinks! Its why I refuse to drive cars that are less than 4 years old! This truck is losing money at a rate of over $12.00/day even if you dont drive it! If you drive it the value drops Faster! Slash the price on this truck NOW! If you are upside down on it borrow the difference needed to clear the title for the sale!. . It WILL sell but the longer you try to get 'Top Dollar' the more it depreciates. It is far better to have a quick sale for $1000.00 under market than to sit on it for months....and still have to lower the price. Good Luck!carmax gives cash for your car but they can rip you off big time.. my bros maxima we got for $12,000 took it to carmax and they said $6,000. that truck is a gas eating machine what were you thinking. try       www.onetradezone.com         cars.com             . try going to a business truck dealer.. don know hope i helpedYou are right. The cost of fuel alone will drop the prices of all SUV's and pick up trucks too. Keep doing what you are doing, maybe you can ask a few landscapers or construction sites. Just keep the for sale sign on it and find as much free advertisings as you can. Make a couple of tear off posters with a phone number and a pic and post them in food stores. You may get lucky. Last straw wwould be to trade it in for what you really want. Sometimes the dealers will do anything to make a sale!. Good luckyou can try CAR MAX and get a cash offer
IF YOUR CAR HAS A DIESEL MOTOR BLACK SMOKE IW NOMINAL.. IF THE CAR RUNS ON GAS, LIKELY THE AUTOMATIC CHOKE IS IMPROPERLYADJUSTED. SOME NEWER VEHICLES REGULATE CHOKE VIA SOFTWARE, REPROGRAMMABLE SOFTWARE, USUALLY CORRECTED @ DEALER, ASE AUTO SHOP. ALSO HAVE CHECKED INTAKE AIR FILTER.Black smoke:  Fuel mixture too rich.. . Blue smoke:  Burning oil.. . White "smoke" (steam):  Blown head gasket.. . Yellow smoke:  You got a banana up your tailpipe.probible need a tune up. exp. clean fuel intectors,new spark plugs + wires stuff like that. if it was blue smoke then you should worry because it would mean fried piston ringsIt's probably your oil seals worn on your pistons and you are burning oil as well as petrol, check your engine oil level to see how much you are burning. If you have to top up with engine oil regularly then your engine needs a major overhaul, it could even seize up if you keep driving it.Too much fuel.  Could be map sensor, TPS, or computer.What year is it? It may not pass a smog test next time you go. It could also be the quality of fuel that you are using.Black smoke means unburned fuel, running too rich.. . This should be corrected asap because you can destroy your catalytic converter, and then you have TWO problems to fix. . . Cause? Could be so many things. Most likely, an ignition issue or tune up issue.
OH NO what did you do ?????. Best to take it to the shop , the new one will have to be pressed in .you be able to knot them out with a hammer and put the new one in by use the nut to pull them throw
If I remember correctly that bolt pattern is Chevy, I had a Camaro that had the same pattern.. . Good luck!older mid size cars....monte carlo, olds cutlass, buick regal, and most S-10 pick ups .... this is a hard question because i am not sure what you are trying to do....if you are trying to buy wheels to fit your car then you also need to find out off set and staying with the same size wheel you might have caliper issues.
The yellow wire connects to BAT(+). The red wire connects to ignition or accessory switch. . Other than this, I'm out.If that has a red wire, it goes to acc. switched fuse. If it has yellow, it goes to "hot all the time" fuse. If it has an orange wire, that is for accessory running off of the radio when it turns on (power antenna, for example) BUT that may also be an anti theft unit and when you first turn it on, you have to enter the code to get it to stay on. You will have to get that from the ORIGINAL owner. It could be "HOT" and then you will have some fun over coming the code feature.. It is new enough to need two power sources so for a temp test, twist both wires together, red and yellow, and try again. If that works then as above, yellow is used to maintain memory for presets and keep the clock running.
35 P.S.I32-34 LBS.  Depending on the tire manufacturer.34since your car certainly has had new tires since it was new, the best thing to do is to fill it to the pressure recommended on the side of the tires.......NO! The PSI for a 1994 Geo Prism is 15 PSItry checking the inside of your gas door. if the tires are stock it will tell to the best p.s.i. or look on the tire.35 PSIit should say right on the tire...most common is around 35Tire pressure doesnt come from the car manufacturer.  Each tire requires its own pressure.  Just take a look on the outside of your tire, it will say.Flat, so you can't drive that piece of crap in front of me.. j/k         ;)i would put it at 32There is normally a little sticker somewhere that should tell you. Have seen them in the door frame or inside the tank flap thingy.. Good luck
It would be a mistake, unitized body and suspension cannot handle weight and torque, nor does steering, a high performance Japan's 4 cyl. and drive train would be a perfect solution, too fast for original brakes, they would need help too.. Jean-Pierre ( 50 years at it)Yes! With hard work, determination, patience, and with GUSTO !. Now get out there and show 'em how it's done, soldier!
better gas mileage, better built, cheaper to repair if needed, more fun to drive. :-)Real hot-rods have three pedals!It allows you have more handling for cornering and it save more gas compare to automatic.. For my own opinion on manual rather than automatic is it helps you focus more on the road rather than your coffee mud, radio, cell phone, etc.oh yeah ! you have FULL Control over your speed ~ going up or down ! I could prob kick some serious street racing a$$ with a manual ANYTHING vs standard shift.Better fuel mileage and it doesn't tend to break down as easily.Better milage, cheaper to maintain, fail much less frequently than an auto, engine braking (when you let off the gas, the engine slows the car down, so you don't have to use the brakes as much). A manual trans also makes you a better driver because you have to be more aware of what's going on around you.better gas mileage..... . more control of your car in winter weather conditions..actually just all around more control of your car..... . Whooo Hoooo !!!! Just plain FUN to drive !!!usually they get slightly better gas milage and they give you something to do with your hands while driving...Better gas mileage.  More fun!  It is an inconvenience only when one has an injured leg.  You give your legs a more equal work-out when driving a stick shift.Cheaper to buy, cheaper to maintain, better gas mileage ... and best of all ... . . If you have a dead battery or bad starter, and your car won't start, you can roll it down the hill and pop the clutch, and get the engine going.. . For driving enthusiasts, it also feels more like driving and less like you are just steering.. . Not to mention the sense of accomplishment from having learned a new skill.Generally a manual is more reliable and "sporty" when compared to an automatic, however a manual car will not necessarily outperform an automatic car, in fact, in drag racing a well built auto is often preferred over a manual, as it can shift quicker and more precisely than a human controlled manual.. . I'd take an auto with a good stall and a shift kit any day over a manual...just per her in D and go!I'm told you have better control. but I think people mostly buy them for the sense of power.Better gas mileage, cars are usually less expensive offer  a more "involved" driving experience.  Driving a manual just doesnt compare and isnt as exciting.If I'm not mistaken, you generally get slightly better gas mileage, and they are faster than their automatic counterparts because a skilled shifter can shift more efficiently than an automatic.They get a slightly better gas mileage but mostly they are just more fun to drive.Better control of the car. Safer in poor road conditions (assuming you're a competent driver). Lower gasoline usage. . . I guess it's up to your circumstences - in a city an automatic is a plus because of traffic. In rural area, especially during snowy/icy season, a manual can be a life saver...You have more control over your vehicle.manual transmissions are cheaper, more fun to drive due to better performance, u have more control over your car, and u get better gas mileage.You Have More power over ur vehicule.. On downhill grades you dont need to brake... You wont have to need to change your transmission oilI tried to tell my daughter the same thing, but she insisted on owning a truck with manual. Now she's crying the blues about how it's a pain in stop and go traffic.. . It's not worth the hassle!If you live in the city, get an automatic. If you live in the 'burbs, get a manual.. . Supposedly, manuals are cheaper both at first purchase and long term maintenance.. . But i find it that stress on your legs can be a burden for city driving so it's definately not worth putting stress on your body for any amount of money.. . ---. . as for mileage...it all depends whether you can efficiently use manual or not. in many cases auto can be just as fuel effective as manual.better performance and better gas mileage.They are lighter than automatics thus you can run a little faster if you are good at shifting.  Some of the other characteristics can be useful also.  Some people enjoy the shifting.Most people like them for fuel economy and they are lower maintenance than an automatic. I do not like them because it is a lot of work upshifting and down shifting all the time you drive.There are less internal parts in the tranny less maintanence better gas mileage better power.  oh and dont downshift replacing brakes is cheaper the replacing the clutch :)
your impco mixer is a propane device and you need to take it to an installer and not try this yourself, the holly carb you would only use the bottom plate if your running lp only, but if its a duel fuel device then personally id trade up to a LP system only, your timimg is diferent on LP compaired to Gas   thats why duel fuel systems are only 1/2 good , not really set up for either they are set some where in between. if the system is on top of your carb its duel and if the carb mid section is impco its single, adjustment usually on the evaporator(the thing the heater hoses go to) two ajustsments one for richness and one for idle, lock nut use a wrench and a flat head screw driversib's got it right..sounds like a fun project.That sounds confusing go to a shop.
Ever read your drivers manual? It should be in there. Otherwise , get one at the dealers.Go to your local auto parts store,ask for a Ford taurus repair manual(about 20 bucks), in there you will find everything you need( be specific what year)here is the ford links for owners and maint. . https://myford.fordvehicles.com/servlet/ContentServer?pagename=MyFord/Page/LogOnPage&BackToLogin=MyFord%2FPage%2FOwnerGuidePage&origref=http%3A//search.fordvehicles.com%3A8080/KanisaSupportSite/searchEntryFord.do%3FsearchString%3Downers%2520manual%26originCode%3D0%26product%3DSG_Ford. http://www.genuineservice.com/genuineservice/en/default?page=EaIf you can't get an owner manual, you can try going to autozone.com and plug in your information and they will help you set one up. it sends you email reminders and everything.
if the childlock was on then you would be able to open the door from the outside, if this isnt happening then it would appear that the mechanism hasnt released (common problem on vauxhalls) you will need to remove the inner trim panel and activate teh lcok mechanism. the panel can be removed quiet easily it is held in place with some screws (door handle inner and door release catch inner) and then is clipped in to place, simply release teh fastners and then gently lever the trim away. once you get inside you will see some rods one from the inside handle and one from the button that allows you to lock and unlock the door. Follow the rod from the inner door release handle and that will run to the back of the door where the lock is try pulling the rod towards the front of the door see if this works if not then you will need to see where it is fixed to the lock and manually release the lock, this should open the lock if not then the lock is knackered and needs replacingask it nicely.you haven't accidentally turned the child lock on, have you?take the door pannel off and open it that way good luck!Get a can of WD-40, spray it all over the key, then hold the flap on the lock open with the key and spray loads into the lock.  Count to 50 slowly as it soaks in.. Now insert the key and tease the key left and right.. . Read the can, WD-40 is good for releasing siezed up machinery. You can get this from Wilko's or any hardware store.A good hammer and strong flat head screw driver
dint know but glad there is if not we my not had the slang for the cops (50) r better yet the 5.0 but I'm not talking about the 5.slow mustangThat's one of the beautiful singularities of Mathematics.you gotta start somewhereIt is numerical just like other numbers.What does this have to do with cars or transportation?represents nothing.  A better question is why are there negative numbers.we need to  have that number hello babies are zero and other things we also need the number 0Imagine trying to do math without the number zero. Also, zero signifies the boundary between positive and negative numbers. The concept of zero, or a number representing nothingness, was invented long after the other numbers. Also, zero is important as a place holder to let people know the difference between 203 and 230. 0 is also good because it is in the 10 points i would get if u made this your best answer
you need a large enough c clamp that will fit on the colapsable part and the outside of the cylinder. you will also need a small piece of wood inbetween the c clamp and the colapsable side to squeese it together evevlydo not use a c clamp parking brake is on fnt. calipers you remove a 13mm hex bolt and then use a allen wrench to retract the piston, after new pads are installed the allen wrench is used again to expand the piston untill the rotor wont turn then back off 3/4 to 1 full turn and reinstall the bolt [this setting will allow clearance for the rotor to turn freely but be close enough for parking brake to be effective] i strongly urge you to purchase a shop manual for your car
Not GOOF OFF, that would be what we are doing.  It's called Goo Off!get some soapy water and a razor blade... wet it down and scrape it off.Buy one of those razorblad scrapping things, they work real well compared to everthing else.check out a product called 'goof off'if you dont have tinted windows you can use a razor blade or scraper and to getthe glue residue off , use a shot of wd-40... let it sit a minute or so and then you should be able to wipe it offVinegar the acid removes it then rinse with waterGoo Gone and a razor bladeIf you don't have a rear window defogger you can scrape it off with a razor blade.. . If you do have a defogger scrape carefully avoiding the wires & use lots of Goo Gone.blow dryer with a razor and some water to stand in...j/k on the last oneUse a hair dryer on high to heat the decal so that it comes off easier. A razor blade will work for any spots that don't want to peel off easy. If it leaves a sticky residue behind, wipe it off with rubbing alcohol.sometimes you can but sticker remover in hardware stores. it is in an aerosol can and can be pretty easy to find. if it isnt at a hardware store try looking at an auto store, it it pretty much for bumber stickers but it should work.get a razor or some goo be gone and it'll come right offrazor bladeHair Dryer, razor blade or scraper, and a cleaning product called "gunk".. . First use hair dryer or hot air gun (used to on heat shrink wrap) to heat sticker and soften adhesive.. . Then use razor or scraper to start at edge of sticker and peel off of surface.  Try to keep the sticker in one piece if possible.. . Finally, use "Gunk" to clean off the adhesive residue.Try a single edge razor blade.  My husband also got this orange spray that helped get decals off our bumper check automotive store or automotive dept at Wal-Mart.Uuuummmm - razor blade.......??  her her huhTry using turpentine (sp?) and a straight razor... That might work.razor blade straight on the edge of the stickers, lay the blade down and go for it. then some rubbing alcohol with take off any remaining glue or stickinessrazor blade and goo-gone works real well
I wouldn't blame Harley for this - Harley dirt races and tractor pulls are almost as poorly attended as real racing.. But the failure of MC racing to catch on big in the US is mystifying to me, as well. People will go to NASCAR to watch as those tubby, clumsy boats slide around a plain oval for three hours, but the stands at AMA road races are empty. Go figure.. I think part of the problem is the tracks have not participated in promoting bike racing. They don't offer reduced prices for motorcycle races, keeping it "elite" and frankly too high a price for a lot of the American motorcycling community.. I personally force my friends to watch motorcycle races whenever I can, and some have caught the fever. . I think, at the bottom line, it's ignorance of the sport. After all, we're talking about a viewing public that can watch POKER for God's sake. You can't tell me that the crash-hungry NASCAR rubes wouldn't enjoy watching a high-side at 90 mph in a hairpin!No, it's because we have 'speed limits' and so road-racing gets strongly discouraged by local police departments. However, there is Laguna Seca, California, and there are supersportbike races here and there. Europe and Japan are big on it, get your go-fast...Its under promoted and expensive for ordinary people. If you want to blame anyone, Henry Ford pretty much killed any real interest from public by introducing model T.  Motorcycle racing in US was real popular in 1920's but as more people got cars less people wanted anything to do with noisy, dirty, smelly motorbikes. Most of american public automatically thinks of chopper when they hear motorcycle, and you dont race choppers (except stoplight to stoplight)http://trackaddix.com/ In the US it isn't catching on due to the fact motorcycles are not a primary means of transportation, "way of life" as compared to Europe and Austrailia.  It as considered more of a hobby to most people. The link is a group that is helping to change that.
Try placing an open container of charcoal in the car overnight. It should get rid of the smell for you!I suggest sprinlking baking soda all over the upholstery and carpets, let it set over night, then vacuum out.  This should absorb the odors or at least neutralize them, especially if you can leave the windows open to air it out (but hey, if you live in a bad neighborhood, maybe not).  Might take a couple tries though.....Or, you could Febreze it to death.CEDAR-it's the sweetest smelling wood there is Wet or Dry, try it:)srry can gt dat out u bttr thro yo car in da garbagePut  an open bottle of bleach in the car overnight.  It gets rid of skunk smell under a house.  Be sure it won't tip over or you will have bleach stains in your car.make the moth wash his balls.get 2 bags of charcoal - cut the bag open - put 1 in the back seat & the other in the trunk & leave for a few days
An ACLS or ( Acute Coronary Life Support ) ambulance is used for critical calls like heart attacks.a acls ambulance is a advanced cardiac lifesupport ambulance designed to transport a patient in cardiac distress.   a reserve ambulance is a ambulance maintained as a standby should a ambulance currently in service run into problem during operation..
It's called a turnpike because it either is or used to be a toll road.  Because they did not have electronic toll collection systems or guard rails back then, they would prevent people from passing until they paid the toll by putting a pike in the road.  Then, to allow the car to pass, they would turn it.  Hence, "turnpike."Because a turnpike is is different. Don't ask for me to tell the how thing or I'll lose you in the middle.a pay/toll roadTurnpike comes from the Middle English turnepike which means "spiked barrier." The barrier would be placed across a road to prevent anyone from passing until they paid a toll. Thus turnpike came to mean a toll road.it means a toll road.. not anything to do with turning..Abbr. Tnpk. or Tpk. A toll road, especially an expressway with tollgates. . A tollgate.It is a major highway that normally runs through an entire State. It has toll portions on it as well. They dont make them straight. They are designed around the landscape of the State that it runs through.Road built and paid wholey or partly with fees collected from travlers in toll gates.. Problems with important land owners
You can probably tell by the response you get if they are back yard engineers or not. I am a Collision Manager with 30 years of hands on experience and just got addicted to yahoo answers when I saw some of the answers that were being given. I try to answer to the best of my experience and knowledge because I want to help people that don't have the experience or knowledge that I have. I have Several certifications Thur several different trade organizations and soak up all the knowledge I can.Because they are more qualified than an answer by a quantum physicist.......lolHow's the cat in the hat? Your question is like saying a cats fur is soft. Isn't the whole reason for this (Y-answers) to help people who are not sure what they are doing? the definition of not knowing is called ignorance, there is nothing wrong with not knowing something, don't bad mouth people trying to help, that's called arrogance.what kind  advice would you rather have? good by a mechanic that is bored playing on the internet. or bad by someone that don't know what they are doing? you could always go and pay them to anawer your question.I certainly have a job... the US Army.... lol. But part of the ethics of being and ASE Certified Technician is that we are to offer good credible advise when asked.... you can check out www,asecert.org   ..... Most certified tech's did it because they are good at what they do and wanted to prove it mainly to themselves... but it adds credibility to thier work and trust with thier customers. Generally, no one makes a mechanic become a certified technician. The Army certainly doesn't pay me more money for being a Master Technician...lol. Now lets see.... you can get advise here for free.... or go pay a technician....lol.If they become so insulted by the question they stop answering, I'll start.. . I'm a writer and don't drive.. . Here's what I know about cars: they require keys.. . I'm ready to start my engines anytime!Much more likely to know answer!because no one else knows the answer?? lolI didn't know that...maybe they just want to help out-employed or not...and if they are certified I think that's great that they are in here to help out...
When you turned off the engine the last time you used it, you probably had the wheel turned and locked the steering wheel. Try turning the wheel the same time you turn the key. It should unlock itself from there. You maty need to put some effort into turning the steering wheel when you do this.If it's an automatic, then make sure it's in park...wiggle the wheel and turn hard on the keyget a new ignition switch w/ key.you need a new key switch it shouldn't cost much.. unless your skilled enough to take it apart and re-align thepins.. but that would be time consumiong and amy not work right either.Try holding the steering wheel to the left or right and then turn key.  Steering wheel lock might have locked on you.I had that problem once I put stater plugs and wires, Router, and distributor cap and it still did not turn.  It turned out to be the ignition coil.I don't know.  Why don't you force it and tell us how hard you had to turn it to break the key off the lock.Sounds like a honda, call them up and they will explain to you there "little problem" if you ask, if not a honda, Dont know what to tell you!If you have a newer car, it may be that the ignition won't turn because your car isn't in park when you're trying to start the car.Sounds like you need a new starter or could be a fuse.turn the steering wheel as u turn the key ...Could be a number of things.. 1. The steering column is locked. 2. The ignition switch is jammed. 3. You're using the wrong keyprobably need either a new starter or a new alternatortry giggling the steering wheel as you are trying to turn the igniting.
You can't. If this person was involved in a crime, you can call the police and they will handle it from there. Otherwise, private individuals are barred from obtaining DMV information from a tag # due to privacy and anti-stalking laws.. . This is most famously due to the 1989 murder of actress Rebecca Shaeffer -- the man who shot and killed her had fraudulently obtained her home address from the DMV.Give me the number,and i'll call it in.
iam not sure but i think it sets at 6 oclock and 12 oclock .if you got a timing belt you should have a guage hole on your cam gear if so then line it up and put a drill bit or something in it so it wont turn ,then alighn the crank at top dead center and put on the belt,and release the tensioner.good luck.the timing mark is marked on both the pully and the plate. refere to owners manual for proper degree setting.It should go straight up (the one on the cam).  You can advance the cam on it 1 tooth for added performance.  BUT it will run colder than normal and you may see codes from the computer.
Well, "dash" has several definitions, one of them being "splash or splatter." In the days of horse-drawn carriages, a dashboard was a mudguard - a screen or panel to protect the driver from being splashed with mud. It would have been in approximately the same physical location as today's dashboards. So as vehicles evolved, the dashboard was preserved because of its convenient location, but is used for a very different purpose - to contain the various dials, indicators, switches and controls necessary to operate the vehicle (plane, train, or automobile).It comes from when the horsepower in front of you was actually a horse - there would be a board placed in front of the wagon/cart driver onto which dirt and "stuff" that was kicked up by the horses' hoofs would be "dashed".
My wife's 2002 Suzuki Volusia is getting around 45-48 MPG on her daily 35 mile commute. Since the Boulevard C-50 is the same basic bike with fuel injection instead of a carburetor, I would expect the fuel injected C-50 to do a bit better than that.I have an S-50 and I get 48 to 50 and I ride mine hard!
On a dynomometer.It's measued by force exherted either at the wheel or at the crankshaft. This is measured by placing the vehicle on a rolling road and measuring the turning affect of the rotary parts against resistance against horse power.Exactly the same as a car.  It's the torque of the engine applied over time.  Since motorcycles have high redlines they can squeeze out more horsepower for less torque.. . Torque is the actaul twisting force on the crank shaft of the engine.
you dont want to be a mechanic trust me I have been one for 18 years it keeps getting worse every day! cars ar not easy to work on the pay reaslly is not that great always dirty and getting cuts abd brusted knocklesyes there is school but you need hands on also , must be mechanicaly inclined or it not going to happenUTI Corp offers a good auto mechanics program and they train you on almost every available auto made.I went to Dunwoody College of Technology in Minneapolis, MN. The Program is 2 years long. Dunwoody does offer job placement assistance for as long as you want.to take ASE certifications you have to register for the exams.  you have to have job experience of at least 2 years to register normally.  i'm not sure which school you can go to because i don't know where you are from, but most community colleges and universities offer auto mecahnics as a course or program.  you can get financial aid if you to go community college or universities, but not if you go to a trade school, in most cases.Go to a Technical School. I would think 2-4 years, and most offer job placement or help you start out.Now days you need to be certified in all aspects of auto repair brakes. air conditioning and so on> Find a qualified school and go to it.
I take their license and hold it while they test ride. If they drop it, they bought it. If they steal it, I have their address. Works just fine.i dont know but it sucks that they dont let you test drive motorcycles or atvs.  i bought my bike brand new and i would have bought a bigger bike if they would have let me test drive one.  same thing happened with my quad.I guess it would be best if you had a car or another bike to follow them in. Plus, if they don't have a license- or you are holding it - that would be the legal thing to do.. . You can just tell them it is for their safety too. You don't know what their riding skills are, and if they get into an accident or something, you will be there to help.. . And what is the difference between taking a car for a test drive or a motorcycle. Geesh, they are both steelable and crashable.
dealer must do. do not mess with. u will b sorry.GO to the dealership...since its for safety..it should be free tooonly an certified mechanic can, sounds like a faulty sensor but the risk of triping the sensor to you could cause the airbag to deploy "and disable vehicle" is to great. pay the extra few bucks and let the mechanic be stressed.
there are more cars out there that have better ratings, check out toyota, or nissanHyuandai's are all pretty good cars, not the best, but pretty good, their only problem and the reason I would never own one, even if it was given to me I'd sell it as soon as I got it, is the price of their spares.. . Spares may be expensive for me because I live in South Africa and we get f'd over price-wise at every corner and may be pretty cheap where you come from, but if this is not the case and spares are also expensive where u r from, don't go for it, otherwise it's not a bad car, I'd preferably get a Toyota, you can never go wrong, it's the best package on the market.Not as good as the Toyota RAV4, Honda CR-V, Ford Escape and Mazda Tribute.I have a Hyundai and they pretty much are good cars IF YOU TAKE CARE of it.  The warranty is really good and they usually have great gas mileage.  As long as you take care of your car it will last a long time!The latest ratings that I saw (yesterday) list the Hyundai as #3 in incidence of repairs, right below the Lexus.  Much better than the industry average.  The Tucson is rated as one of the best SUVs.  This should give you an idea about the Sante Fe as well.I' would say the Hyundai Santa Fe is not as good as compared to other SUV / Jeep makes like Jeep, Ford, Land Rover, etc
Same as above also known as black boxElectronic Control Unit, Engine Control Unit. depends on the manufacturer but they are the same thing essentially
could be a sturtI believe it would be the front coil springs keeping the body off of the tires.  If the ball joints are still good have you checked the shocks and or the upper and lower A-arms?The springs hold the van up,sounds like it broken.Jack it up and remove the wheel, then you'll be able to see what it is.astrovans don't have coil springs, and its not a strut or shock. they use torsion bars, which in your case is broken. its the long rod going from the lower control arm back to the transmission crossmember area. probably won't be able to do it yourself.
A six inch lift or A mental checkup! Thats just too big!28's since you can get them now, or next month when the 30's come out. check tire pricesprobably a lift kit.You need your head examined.  That is going to look horrible.  So hugely disproportionate.  When you drive that down the street people will be laughing at you and shaking their heads.A brain,save your money.You have to modify the wheel wells. Also, you will need to cjange the calipers for brakes, spindles, and you will need a tracker called a neartracker. Bear brakes makes them. You will have huge problems with rubbing. If it were me, I would put 20's on the back and 18's on the front.
go to your airline's website and look in the frequent flier section. you can usually do this online, but you may need to call their frequent flier number. Some require you to request credit anywhere from 7 days to 90 days and you may have needed to be a registered member prior to your flight.Flying or driving?  Try mapquest.  they will give you mileage there then double it for a round trip. add about 10% for running around in town/
put the transmission in gearThe cable might have broke. First, check where it goes into the transmission and see that its still connected firmly. If so, check the back of the speedometer and make sure the cable is attached there too. If its attached in both places, try replacing it. Thats what I would do.depends on if it is electronic or cable. if it is cable, the the gear is stripped in the transmission or the cable broken.  if it is electronic, then the sensor is missing from either the rear end pick up or the one on the driveline if it has ione.the speedometer doesn't move just because you push the gas pedal. the car must be moving.. there should be a sensor in the rear end, or on the drive shaft. that is for a rear wheel drive non-computerized.. on a front, it could be in the wheel (on the spendal), or in one or both of the front drive axles.. I'm not sure about in computerized models.you only need to replace the cable ,the easy way is to buy a new cable ,than locate old cable on Tran's ,now unscrew it and pull out broken cable leave the housing ,now pull cable from new one out of it's housing and feed in to old housing,give it a few spin,s to make sure it's in , than reconnect to trans should take 5 Min'sdepends on which type it is and year if it has a cable you would have to rnr speedo head  then unhook cable then unhook and trans and install a new cable that is the problem 99% of the time if not it is a speedo head assy. if it has electronic speedo 99% of the time it is the sensor on the trans assy.
Rev the engine, drop the clutch.Its called pop the clutch.   What you do is put it in first then hold down the clutch and rev the car then pop the clutch up and it shold peel out.  that for jus get more horse power for the car More Tourqe more smoke. Ha good luckNelo had the answer, but be sure youhave money set aside for tires the more you do this the faster you will have to buy new tires and perhaps the more tickets you will have to pay for.
Spend lots and lots of money on it.Add nitrousif there a drag factor then remove anything unnecessary that may wiegh alot and if or install a natural aspired engine kit or turbo kit or maybe a new mufflerGet to the top of a big hill and put it into neutral...Strap a rocket to the back.If I  remember you have a governor in the transmission that keeps it from going as fast as you may like. I think you have a small 6 cylinder. If you have the 5 cylinder it never did go fast.Feed the chipmunks more!Turbo, Super Charger, or the cheepest way. Push it off a cliff.. you want to go faster you will need to get something else. odd numbered cylinder engines never seem to have power like you need.. If you got the van for economy then use it for that, you can not really get the best of both worlds in this case.
you need a new combination turn signal headlight switch. dont try to do this youself as you have to remove the steering wheel and airbag. maybe 1.5 hours of labor or soThe same thing happened to me, in my 1998 A4. I was out of town and preparing to drive 500 miles home the next day through a snowstorm. The brights would come on when I held the lever forward. The out-of-town dealership didn't have the switch in stock and would have had to order it, so I ended up driving home with only fog lights. My hometown dealership replaced an electrical switch in less than an hour. I had called in advance to let them know I was on the way, so they were ready and waiting for me. As an aside, the guys at the out-of-town dealership applauded my mechanical ingenuity when I suggested duct tape as a quick fix to get me home ("only a Southern girl" they said).check the earth wire coming from the lights themselves, thats its clean and touching bare metal.
Well, first you have to get in orbit with the car and dock at the international space station.....Do not apply much pressure, let the machine do the work! All you have to do is guide it.You should have several pads with it, and some polishing compound, if you didn't get the stuff with it, go to your car parts store, and they can take care of you...anyway, common practice is to get some water on the car, get it CLEAN so you're not scouring dirt into the paint, then put the right pad on there, and the buffing stuff, and commence polishing. Then, there's like a rinse stage, then you put wax on it, and put the other pad on the buffer and go to town 'til it shines. Be sure to read the manufacturer's instructions, if you didn't get those, find out who made the thing, and look em up online. Read twice, polish once...
The situation between Boeing and Airbus is a bit different.  Airbus is a consortium of companies in 5 countries, and isn't a French or English company, no matter where the jets are assembled.  Boeing, on the other hand, is a US corporation, based in Chicago (even though most of their assembly is in Washington), so their products are considered American made, even if the parts are made elsewhere.  Same with cars; even if the entire thing is built overseas, a Dodge is an American car.I think you answered your own question.  Airbus is thought of as French because final assembly is in France.  Boeing is American because final assembly is in America.By your reasoning, there's no such thing as an American car. And for that matter, Volkswagen Beetles (the new ones) are not German, they're Mexican. And how about Hondas? They seem Japanese, but they're made right here in the U.S.For the same reason they say Ford's are American when a good portion of them are made in Mexico and Canada (same for all of the big 3).. . In fact, the transmissions in the Ford Ranger come from . . . . you guessed it . . FRANCE!That is mainly because the parts are all assembled in France. Hope it helps!Generally speaking, the home country of the company who holds the type certificate determines the nationality of the aircraft.Airbus is headquartered in Tolouse, France, and final assembly for most Airbus planes happens in Tolouse.  Also, 80% of the company is owned by EADS, a European aerospace and defense company with primary headquarters in Paris. The remaining 20% is owned by BAE systems (a British company), but EADS has come to an agreement to purchase their 20% share to make airbus a wholly owned subsidiary. . . So while Airbus planes are clearly European (with parts even from other parts of the world), there clearly is heavy French involvement.Want to make the French feel good
Why don't trains have tires? Is that what your asking? The answer is really quite simple. In steel wheels there is very little resistance so you can haul a whole lot more than if you had tires.Look up trolleybus. . . It's an electric bus that gets power from overhead lines, similar to light rail vehicles. It has tires, looks like a bus, and runs like a bus, but one can't pass another one except where there is dual power.. . The advantage of the trolleybus is that it doesn't have to follow a ground track, just the overhead wires. So it can change lanes to pass a gas-powered vehicle. However, it doesn't usually have as much capacity as light rail.. . It's been around for about 100 years.One advantage of light rail is it doesn't have to follow the roads.  It avoids traffic and can often take a more direct route than roads can.  . . Your idea is neat.  It would have to have its own roadway or its own lane, though, to avoid accidents.Psychologically yes! people are more trusting of the permanence of rail, also larger loads can be carried.not if you are smoking the dope that warps your mind.Don't know sorryDon't think so.
It's 18.2 US gallons, or converted to 68.89 litres.Fuel capacity on a 1998 CE is exactly 18.5 gallons.  That converts to 70.1 Litres.
I would say a blown head Gasket... . If your car is missing, It is more than likely a blown head gasket.Either way, you are in for a bad time.  First check your gaskets, No! Change your gaskets.  Then go from there.  Hope it's only a gasket for you!  Good Luck.If you are REALLY lucky it is just a head gasket.. . Bad Idea to run your car when you know you have a bad water pump.  Small amount of $ invested to fix that saves $$$$$$ later on.it can be either of them or both.by the wat wats the position of engine??likely head gaskets - do pressure test & see if it leaks downblown head gaskets can drive . gasket can be blown between cooling port and oil return . more likley an intake gasket if it is a v6 or v8 espicially if it is a late gm car good luckcracked headssounds as if the engine overheated due to a bad water pump.see if the oil smells burned.also smell the radiator for a burnt smell.if over heating cause this most likely the engine is junk.if it didn't over heat but is leaking collant into the oil it will need a head gasket replacedblown head gasketIf you know the water pump is bad,then that means no coolant is being recirculating thru the engine. Therefore your engine temp. is hot,and when it is hot it needs to blow some steam since your coolant is not being circulating into the radiator. So your head gasket is blown. If you would've fix the waterpump,you wouldn't had a blown head gasket.Most likely the head gasket but the block could be cracked.  Go to a mechanic and get them to do a compression test.machine shop can check for cracks and resurface headif your changing the oil and you fing coolant, you may have a crack in the blockit is a blown head gasket and do not drive it any more have it towed. if you don't then it will warp the headcould be both.. Don't mess with that.  If you know you have a bad waterpump, change it.. When you don't, that's when you blow your head gasket and crack your head.i would say a head gasketYou need to check that out and not drive it until you do It could be either one of these problems Seriously badneed to know what engine.you have a blown head gasket. Next step is a blown motor...Sounds like you've got a blown head gasket, mate. Worse scenario could have a cracked cylinder head or just badly warped.you either have a cracked head (block) or gasket stuffed take the lid off the radiator while the car is running and if there are a lot of bubbles you have a cracked head if only a few you need a new gasket, having done this recently be prepared for a big job.that means you have a blown head gasket , its a $300.00 fix . lots of laboryou blew a head gasket.
They are talking about Japanese import cars that have been modified to look sporty.  The ones with boat loads of stickers, gigantic spoilers, ridiculous body kits, coffee can mufflers, etc..."ricers" is short for "rice burner" and was originally applied to Japanese motorcyles by riders of Harley-Davidsons- it refers to the joke from hawg riders that "rice burners" ran on Sake rather than gasoline.ricers is slang for rice rocket, which is used to describe a car that has been sooped up. usually its some asian kid that hooked it up, thus the use of the word "rice"Usually they are referring to Japanese made cars. Slang because rice is a staple in that country.It means they came from Japan, They eat lots of rice.. Kinda dumb, I know.. {:-). . <><any piece of jap scrap two or four wheeledjapanese madei guess they have rice on it lol jk
Its a chemical(cleaner) that can be use to clean out you Motor, it takes time to get it done , but its cheaper and faster if you take your car to "Jiffy Lube", no problems or any hustles when it cames to geting the job done. . . GOOD LUCK.sea foam. . &#92;Sea" foam`&#92; 1. Foam of sea water.. . 2. (Min.) Meerschaum; -- called also sea froth.. . . Source: Webster's Revised Unabridged Dictionary, © 1996, 1998 MICRA, Inc.
1) Taxes (just an additional tax they want to squeeze in). 2) It makes the price look a cent cheaper.. . $2.869 rounds up to $2.87 so you're actually paying more than you think, it's just a coy little way of sneaking in an extra small charge. Think about it, billions of pennies means millions of dollars.2.99 looks cheaper than 3.00the "9/10's" is not part of the price it is the amount of gas try this go to the pump and pump exactly 1 gal. and check the price it will be more that the price on the sign that price is for 9 tenths of a gallonmy husband and i were wondering the same thing. they say its so much per gallon. but you aint even getting a full galloon.due to Federal Taxes....always has been and always will be, Uncle Sam will always have their 9/10 ths of everything you or I do....good luck
Saw quad drags at Pismo this weekend. A lot more riders running the Honda out there.I personally go towards yamaha but my buddy has a TRX450R and he likes it a lot not to many problems... Both I would say are equally as good. Just depends on what brand you like more i guess.Both have engines derived from motorcycles so most/all the tuning parts should fit. They both have really high maintainance though, particularly if your racing. Yamaha valves seem to last longer than the Honda ones.
Because Peg Brown is a dirty WHORE!!!The system has a drain and it might be clogged up and storing water. Have the drain checked and then you can go to a parts store and get a product called Frigie Fresh from BG that you spray into the vents to kill and prevent mold smellmine did it and I turned it to the "inside air" setting and only to the upper vents, took lysol and sprayed it toward the floor vents so it would suck it back up and out-and it's been fine ever sinces then. It's the whole weather change and condensation and stuff.cat prob pissed in the outside vents has happened to me before.Probably a filter. I usually get that smell when I first use the AC after winter. Try running it for a few days, but turn the vents away from you and open the back windows.  This usually works for me. . . The cause is probably water that was in the pump or lines and has been standing for a while. If it doesn't go away in a couple of days, take it to a professional to be checked.buy a car freshener. there's ones you can attatch to the air vent so a nice smell will come thro. this might be a short term answer, but at least you dont have to put up with the smell! xcheck if a/c have a filter, might need to clean the condensor for the grime build up ,check for proper drainageThe drain is plugged causing a buildup of moisture leading to mildew. Try to clear it  or have your "friendly" car repair shop clear it. It's the one under the  car that leaves that little puddle of water under the car after using air condiitoning and parking.My mother had the same problem years ago. It turned out that there were mice living in her car air conditioner! They had died and were rotting inside the vents. I say go have it checked out.QI turned on the air conditioning in my car for the first time this year and a musty odor poured out. I remember you had a solution to that, but I can't remember what it was. Please print it again.. . AA musty odor from a vehicle's air conditioning typically means the drip pan isn't draining properly and needs repair. . . But you can at least eliminate the odor with Atmosklear, a fragrance-free odor eliminator from Twin Star Industries of Bloomington.. . Here's what you do:. . • Inside the car, pump spray Atmosklear a couple times directly into each vent.. . • Start the engine with the windows open, set the ventilation system on cool with the fan on high, but do not turn on the air conditioning yet.. . • With the car running, pump spray 10 to 12 times into the vehicle's cowl (that's the air intake vent located under the wipers on the car's exterior). . . • Get back in the car, close the windows and spray the interior air about eight times. . . • Turn on the air conditioner, set the ventilation system to the recirculate mode and let it run for seven to 10 minutes. Any excess Atmos klear that comes out of the vents can be wiped away. It's nontoxic, biodegradable and safe for fabrics. . . Atmosklear is available at many Ace hardware stores such as Diamond Lake Hardware in Minneapolis, food co-ops such as Lakewinds in Minnetonka and by mail order from Twin Star at 1-800-977-4145 and the Web site: http://http://www.atmosklear.com.. . A 16-ounce bottle of Atmosklear costs about $10. That's enough to eliminate your car's odor.
It depends if u have enough roomAbsolutely, but for maximum effectiveness consider getting an upgraded deck.With a 10 inch kicker you're already out doing what your stock deck can put out.  The most important thing to look at with any stereo is not max wats but RMS.  You're lack of power to that speaker is actually doing damage to it and will end up "blowing" it out.  You need to put in an amp that can push the required RMS for that speaker or any other speaker upgrade you may considerSure.  If you are deciding to go with a 15 or 18, that's fine.  All you need (or may need) is an amp to handle the extra wattage of a bigger speaker.  It doesn't really matter much what sort of stereo you have.
Use hot waterTwo things to do to improve performance of pressure washers:. 1) The landing area of the washer should be absolutely clean. The idea is for the washer to act efficiently the washer should fully sit on its seating surface else there will be passage ways through which the gases might leak. 2) Make sure you anneal the washers if they are copper. It is very easy to anneal it. Just use a gas torch or a bunsen burner hit it till it turns bright red and immediately immerse in cold water. The idea is by doing it you make the metal soft and ductile. So that it can adhere to surfaces nicely and seal. But this is only for copper washers and not rubber lined or aluminum onesmake sure you are using the proper cleaning tip.  The wrong one will either blast the paint right off or wont do anything but get it wet.  I got a mud truck and thats the only way to clean mine.  presoaking with soapy water works too.
Too much fuel getting into the ignition.. . If it keeps doing it, you might want to take it to a place for a tune-up.Having a defective check valve will cause it to flood.. Have your mechanic check it out.Because you have a secret fear of the car engine that causes you to piss all over the car.All cars biult within at least that last 15 years are fuel injected. This means that the engine will control the amount of fuel delivered as it needs it. If it's flooding, one of two things, either you are pressing the gas when you are starting it up (stop doing that!) or the engine contrllers are not seeing the fuel being delivered and therefore keeps asking for more. Possible faulty sensor or even computer.New cars don't flood out, only the older ones with carbsgasoline burns when it is a vapor, and if too much fuel gets in the cylinders, it condenses and cannot burn. Only older cars with carbs flooded. New fuel injected cars do not have this problem.The main reason newer cars flood out is usually because the engine is not burning off the fuel already in the piston.  This could be caused by faulty wirering or bad spark plugs, ignition modual bad or coil packs bad.  The sensors could also be bad.  A plugged up air filter can also cause this problem.  On older cars, carburated engines, there are a number of reasons.  It all depends on the age of the car.  Points, wires, plugs, coil, carburators, condensers.  Any could be the cause.  The chole could be choking all the time.  The needle and seat in the carburator could be bad.
Unfortunately, there is no equivalent to carfax.com for motorcycles. What leads you to think it was ever registered in NC?. . DMV listings are not deleted for "inactivity>" Usually it takes a notice that a vehicle has been destroyed or junked.. . Check with the manufacturer to see 1) if the VIN is real and 2) if they at least have  warranty-work history for the bike.. . You know you were sold a stolen bike.take the car to your local sheriff's officethey can help you . the vin # is also on the frame of the veh.The DMV should be helping you resolve this .The bike has to be inspected by by a law enforcement officer (to be sure the numbers match on the bike engine and frame numbers )this also has to be done to be sure it is not stolen;Seeing as you have no title . It may be determined the bike was abandoned ,you can post a lean on it for salvage title and apply for a title for yourself depending on the state DMV for where you live .. An inspection & vin number trace must be done regardless to prove out if stolen.Or if it is road worthy to be plated since being off the road for so long. See if your DMV or your STATE has an on line resource center to also help.you may be able to download information you need of importance this way TO HELP YOU FASTER (24HR INFORMATION AND SERVICES SITE )
Most hardware stores sell a suction cup device that can be used to remove minor dents in cars.  My Sunfire had a small pock mark on the back and this device worked like a charm.  Not sure of the name.I don,t know about ice , but sometime a vac or suction cup will work.get you some water and a commode plunger and wet the plunger push it on the dent and pull it out
Yes.  A thermocouple is two different metals fused together.  They have different rates of expansion due to heat, and thus bend.  When they bend enough, it overcomes a restrictor, allowing a spring device to eject the lighter.When the lighter heats up, it causes the by-metal clip that holds it in to bend releasing it at just the right temperature.wait! you mean all these years i thought....... see, someone told me once that there was a little guy in my fridge that turned off the light when i closed the door,  so i assumed there was a little guy under the lighter, and when he got hot he would jump up and kick the lighter out,  i guess i was wrong then?yea...right...the heating ellement gets hot and expands pushing the lighter past the catch mechinism allowing it to pop outThere's a thermocouple in it that measures the heat, when it gets to the right temp it releases.
Great question get in the shade and use what the high rise window  cleaner use on this use a strait edge razor and Windex or mild soap, and shave the spots away works greatWater spots are caused when the drops evaporate and calcium and contaminants are left behind. The best thing I can think of is CLR. It was made to disolve these type of deposits.Prevent them by using Jet Dry in your dishwasher.Use Jet Dry, and some warm water will definitely remove those water spots. Otherwise, you can use some form of detergent, or some liquid soap that contains some for of oxygen / oxide in it. One thing for sure - key phrase - warm water!good question with no answer
ball joint on what type of carGo to the library and look it up in the Chiltons manual. You can make copies and bring them home with you. It depends on the vehicle of couse but it can be hard to separate the lower ball join because it's pressed in. They sell specialized presses to do this job, it's like a heavy duty "C" clamp with special fittings. After I took the cotter pin and bolt off I set up a puller on it to try and push it out but it wouldn't budge. So, with the pressure on it I hit the lower control arm with a long drift and a light sledge hammer and eventually it popped out. The second time I did this job I borrowed a ball joint press and it was a lot easier. This is not an easy job but I've done it twice. It took me 4 hours 2 days in a row to change all four ball joints on my '91Ranger. It was worth it though, the truck felt brand new afterwards.The website in my sources has step by step instructions with pictures.  I think you'll find that it comes in handy :).  Good luck.I would say go to Barnes and nobles and get a chilltons repair guide for your car.They are very good books and very detailed.I have one for my 66 mustang it's great
it sucks just like any import. if you plan on keeping it for like 2 years go for it but any longer then that expect the thing to fall apart on you everwhere.as long the warranty is validIt is a great reliable car just like any other honda , just don't confuse it as an off roader because it's not. They are great in bad weather and maintained dirt roads or trails but it does have limits due to suspension and gearing that are designed for street use. Great Carit is nice looking and reliable too but if you are looking for car that capable of going off road it is not the best choice because of the lack of having transfer case (4hi, 4low)!! good luck.better than any other honda
measure the distance at the postion is at then remove the seat out of the car then  your handy tool manual adjust it MIght need to remove motor conection on both side measure it then mount it loose to see if this right then try again if not. if it is right tight the bolt down.You're hosed. There is no manual way of adjusting the power seat. 600 bones sounds kind of high, check with a wrecking yard and look for a used one.
You don't. They all sound horrible, like a  grinding noise. You can't fix it.I'm not 100% sure about this, but I seem to remember a shim available for them that helped.  Maybe check with a dealership.
Everybody has talked about pressure differential about an airfoil here, and they're all correct.  . . But after a number of years working as a flight instructor and other misc. flying jobs, I now know that money is the only thing that makes an airplane fly.with magic pixie dust!The shape of the wing (airfoil) creates a difference in air pressure on the upper and lower sides, this creates lift as the air flows from high to low pressure. Create enough lift (by increasing speed) and you leave the groundthe concept is based on Bernoullis Principle, as the Wright brothers have figured out, you can split the pressure using the leading edge of the wing, causing Low and High Pressure, since on earth as you can see with weather, there is no vacuums allowed to exist.  High pressure will always try to overtake low pressure.  So over the the low pressure is now on top and High pressure on the bottom of the wing.  The High pressure is trying to catch up and neutralize the low pressure.  Now adding thrust which is greater than drag.  With these two combined .. you will create action of lift.Air travels faster over the wing because the wing is more curved on the top so it creates a smaller preasure over the wing this makes a vacuum that pulls the airplane up.air passes over the wing and causes liftBasic answer is: the four forces on an aircraft are thrust, drag, weight and lift.. thrust -  the force provided by a piston or turbine engine to turn a propeller or turbine to provide forward momentum. drag  - the force of friction on aircraft outer surfaces or skin, resultant of moving aircraft through static atmosphere or wind (eg: headwind). When engine power is applied, Thrust overcomes drag and allows aircraft to move forward.. . Weight - the gross weight of aircraft and load (eg: passengers). Lift -  the force resultant of wing moving through air ( Air passing under the wing remaines at the same pressure as it passes from leading edge, beneath the wing to the trailing edge [at sea level this is 14 Lbs per square inch] Air passing over the wing has to travel further as the upper surface is curved (convex) thus thinning the air and allowing the pressure to drop [say to 12 Lbs per square inch] as it passes from the leading edge over the wing to the trailing edge. Both layers of air meet at the trailing edge and combine to for a single layer of air which would be [at sea level] 14 Lbs per square inch. The difference in pressure then applies a lighter force on the upper surface of the wing allowing the aircraft to lift into that space. As the aircraft speed increases, so does the amount of lift and the process allows the lift to exceed the opposing force to weight. This lift has a limit and part of that limit is governed by the exact design of the wing, and leads to what is known as an aircrafts service ceiling. Hope this helps.The wing of the aircraft is curved in such a fashion as to create less air pressure below the wing due to air passing over the top more quickly.  The aircraft is "sucked" toward the lower air pressure, creating lift.Thrust and lift are greater than gravity and dragBefore we dive into how wings keep airplanes up in the air, it's important that we take a look at four basic aerodynamic forces: lift, weight, thrust and drag. . .  . .  . . . Straight and Level Flight. In order for an airplane to fly straight and level, the following relationships must be true: . . Thrust = Drag . Lift = Weight . If, for any reason, the amount of drag becomes larger than the amount of thrust, the plane will slow down. If the thrust is increased so that it is greater than the drag, the plane will speed up. . Similarly, if the amount of lift drops below the weight of the airplane, the plane will descend. By increasing the lift, the pilot can make the airplane climb. . .  .  Thrust. Thrust is an aerodynamic force that must be created by an airplane in order to overcome the drag (notice that thrust and drag act in opposite directions in the figure above). Airplanes create thrust using propellers, jet engines or rockets. In the figure above, the thrust is being created with a propeller, which acts like a very powerful version of a household fan, pulling air past the blades.because of it all the technical things like  it wings and it cut through air so it can fly.The shape of an airfoil causes the air to be displaced upward.  In trying to keep up with the rest of the air column undisturbed below the air is accelerated. This acceleration (and increase in velocity causes a low pressure on the top of the surface. The low pressure basically “sucks” a plane up into the air..    . The rest of flying is the forward vector required to keep the air flowing over the wing and speed to actually get you somewhere.
The taxi uncles are on the road from Morning to Night. They have to time to shower or clean up after a long long day. You should carry an Air Ionizer with you at all time.. . I strongly recommend the 'needlepoint ioniser’ which is the most durable and produces by far the greatest ion output."Cabsmell in-a-Can" .  OR.  "I cant believe its not a cab!" in-a-can.It's the *natural* one I guess, the smell is from aircon, leather and all kind of leftover smell/food mix together.. . All cabbies are mostly from the same company too.
You have to be talking about toy trains here.... . I don't know any real trains with truck mounted couplers except maybe the old TALGO sets.. . Real trains have the coupler in a coupler pocket mounted on the body of the car.... . On a toy train, a truck mounted coupler is mounted on a pocket attached to the bolster of the truck to allow for tight radius curves on layouts.Trains in Europe have chains mounted on the body and need buffers to keep them apart.. In the US trains have knucle cuplers which hold the carages together and keep them apart.well, I imagine one is mounted on the body of the car and one is mounted on the truck (axle/wheel/suspension thinger).
the paint code is usually on the vehicle info sticker on the door frame. GM codes are usually identified by a combo of letters and numbers followed by the letters bc/cc. if the original vehicle is two-tone the colors are id'd by upper and lower codes. most places that custom -mix paint will also have a book with color chips and the codes for mixing-just choose your color and they can mix it.You will need to get the paint code off the vehicle you want to match the color of, you should probably call a dealers body shop an ask where the code is located as manufacturers put them in a multitude of locations. Once you have the code for the color any auto body supply store should be able to provide you with the paint and clear coat you need.
very easy... the written test is harder than the road test, but you better work really hard on parallel parking! it's the first thing they make you do on the road test, if you fail that you don't go any further you've failed the test and have to retake it.If you have to ask, you shouldn't be driving.IF you prepare for it, you shouldn't have an issue.  Again, if you're asking this question, its probably a sign you shouldn't be taking the test.not hard f you study
First of I don't think they'd be advertising since street racing is for the most part illegal. But you might try speed shops since that's where people who are into performance cars usually end up.They usually meet at the courthouse. The nice police officer will give you an invitation to join them.. . . You want to race, take it to the track!!!!!!
Two possible answers here.... . 1)  If they have 'a lot' of cranes to store in a limited space, the cranes take up less ground space with the booms elevated,  thus making room to park more equipment in a smaller space.. . 2)  I have noticed that some businesses that rent cranes and lifts frequently park the equipment with the booms up just as advertisement for their business... A parking lot full of cranes with their booms raised draws more attention from passing motorists than the same lot with all the equipment at ground level.I assume the jib is the hook hanging off the arm of the crane.. I've always thought that they raise them in the air to keep people from stealing equipment. I almost always see some smaller equipment hanging on the ends of the cranes, well above where anyone could reach.They won't fall on people even if they are in that restricted area .  OSHA is very serious about crane safety.. . Lightning doesn't damage them.I can think of a few reasons.  If you were to start a crane with the jib down and it was to take off in anydirection there would be a lot more chance of injury.  You cant see someone close to a jib if it is down.  You also do not want to have any cable slack on the drum.  If you cross the cable and then lift something, you will break the cable.  If the jib is down you could easily put slack in the cable.
rip off the barrel and just turn it with a scredriver.get new (used) set of locks from a scrapyard (probably cost around £20) and fit them yourself.Yeah a good locksmith will read the transponder off your key and re program another to match it. DO NOT GO TO A FORD DEALER. My GF just had one key and needed a spare and they made her a new master(red) plus one other, and then re programed them all for about £130.if your key is getting worn and you dont want to pay out for a new red key plus programming then you can go to your local ford dealer, buy a normal black pats key and get it cut to your existing and then you got 2 choices, 1. take the transponder out the old key which is behind the little red thingy, use something small and pointy to get it out and just pop it into your new one. 2. once you got your new key you can put the new one in the ignition with the old one holding up to it and this will allow you to overide the immob.Take it to a locksmith. They'll do it cheaper!
let it tick over, usualy around 1100.. if its around there, 5th gear should be fine.I am trying to remember,i used to work on them. It should be around 3000 revs and thanks for answering my vw question-I also work for vwsound like your over reving the engine surely you should only be in 4th gear at 60mph
Gonna go with the easy one................................... replace the stud.. . Just make sure it has the tensile strength necessary to hold the weightIf it is the bolt that goes into the shock you can get a replacement at any auto store,but will need a little more info on where it is located at also front or rear shocks.it depends, did the stud brake off inside or did the stud brake off outside? meaning, does the stud screw into something or does something screw onto the stud? if the screw goes into a mount then a mechanic shop can drill out and rethread. if something screws onto stud, then you will have to replace the whole mount.this is the easiest way to explain it.
Acutally this is called jumpstarting the bike. Mostly when the bikes dont have enough battery left and the engine dies on them, if you push the for a lil distance with the clutch held and in maybe 1st or 2nd gear, after you reach enough speed release the clutch and the bike would start cos this time the spark in the engine is produced by the dynamo power from the bikes speed.To push start a bike, you need the key on, the bike in neutral, with a running start, at the right speed, all you have to do is put the bike in 1st gear, release the clutch, and the bike should start. It only works on a low battery, if you are out of gas, it wont start.well it depends . dirt bikes are not that hard to push start but big cruisers can be a pain . you have to have the key or ignition on and enough gas . hold the clutch in put it in about third or fourth gear get it rolling pretty good and let off the clutch with any luck it will start right up if the engine is in good running condition it will work on a low battery or bad starter such as thatwhen the battery doesn't have enough 'juice', push. starting will get the bike going...or a standard transmission car.  have to be in neutral, & pop the clutch.  man, this makes me feel oldWHEN A BIKE WON'T START DUE TO USUALLY BAD STARTER OR ALOT OF OTHER REASONS MECHANICAL I MEAN. NOT LOW GAS BUT MAYBE A LOW BATTERY ARE SOME OF THE REASONS. WHEN YOU PUSH THE BIKE IT IS LIKE TURNING THE MOTOR OVER. THE SAME WAY IT DOES WHEN IT IS STARTED NORMALLY.  START OFF WITH THE BIKE IN NEUTRAL AND PUSH IT. YOU WANT TO GET SOME SPEED UP SO THAT WHEN YOU GET READY TO PUT IT IN GEAR IT WILL SPIN THE MOTOR MORE TIMES THAN IT WOULD AT A SLOW SPEED. OR IT CAN BE DONE WITH JUST HOLDING IN ON THE CLUTCH AND LEAVING IT IN GEAR AND HAVING SOMEONE ELSE PUSH YOU. PREFER TO LEAVE IT IN SECOND GEAR SO THAT WHEN IT STARTS IT WILL NOT DO A WHELLY AND YOU CRASH. THE HIGHER THE GEAR THE BETTER. BUT WHEN YOU PUSH IT AND IT GETS UP TO A GOOD SPEED JUST LET OUT ON THE CLUTCH AND GIVE IT JUST ALITTLE GAS. WHEN IT STARTS PULL THE CLUTCH IN SO THAT IT DOES'NT TAKE OFF ON YOU. BUT ALL OF THIS IS ACCOMPLISHED BECAUSE WHEN THE MOTOR TURNS IT TURNS THE POINTS OR DISTRIBUTER WHICH EVER THE BIKE HAS AND THAT IS WHAT SUPPLIES THE BIKE WITH THE FIRE (SPARK) IT NEEDS TO IGNITE THE GAS IN THE CYLINDERS. I.E THE MOTOR MUST TURN TO PROVIDE THE BIKE WITH FIRE OR SPARK. JUST LIKE A CAR MOTOR. ONCE IT STARTS YOUR GOOD TO GO. BUT IF IT DOES NOT THE YOU NEED TO CHECK FOR NO GAS, SEE IF IT IS GETTING FIRE BUY PULLING ONE OF THE PLUGS OUT OF THE BIKE WHILE LEAVING THE PLUG WIRE HOOKED TO IT AND CRANKING THE BIKE OVER TO SEE IF YOU ARE GETTING A SPARK. MAY NEED TO SET THE POINTS ON THE BIKE TO THE RIGHT GAP, BAD CONNECTION OF THE BATTERY CABLES. THERE ARE ALOT OF REASONS IT WON'T START. HOPE THIS WAS SOME HELP
I don't think it matters as far as regular or synthetic and changing from one to the other should not damage you car. However unless the oil is specifically for more mileage between changes stick to your regular maintenance schedule. And drive safely lol.Mobil one was one of the first synthetic oils and has been around since the 1960s. I trust what they recommend in general when using their synthetic oils, and they say that they provide extended drain intervals. However, your car warranty may require a 5,000 mile maximum drain interval to maintain your warranty whether you use conventional or synthetic oil. I have used Mobil one since 1970 and change my oil and filter every 9,000 miles and have never had any major engine work of any kind on 8 different cars I've owned. But, on my newer car that's still under warranty, I change the oil according to the manufacturer's requirement. I also always use the manufacturer's OEM oil filter. Many new cars come with synthetic oil installed, and you can mix conventional and synthetic according to the information I've read. If your going to change your oil every 3,000 miles, then I would suggest sticking with conventional oil because of the extra cost of synthetics. One final proviso is that the engine is operating normally, and that there's no excessive contaminants due to improper engine operation. Highway driving is easiest on any oil whether conventional or synthetic.No, and no. Unless the oil specifically states that you can go longer.yes i save money by using syn. however i still change filter and add a qt. every 3,000. that way a full oil change every 20,000.use mobil 1 or amsol.
If your building a boat I'd say do it on the weekends and Holidays and when your on vacation.Sorry, but you gotta have time. I can't figure out about what new plans you want to start. Better rewrite the question.
You cant program the key, its already programmed. The only way to do it is to program the car to the key. to do this you need a program to interface a laptop to your cars ECU....good luck its not easy because you need to then know which values to change to what....go to the dealer, sorry!nope there is no way, you  have to go thru them, already been down that road
You need to have a reputable independent shop, or the dealer replace that part, since special tools are required, and engine damage could result if the sensor is not set exactly 15 degrees off the center line of the engine. Good Luck!By a Chilton's or Haynes rebuild book for this model. Look it up, and go from there, but it is not gonna be easy.i have been driving mine for years without one
Kerosene burns like diesel fuel so you will get the same effect diesel would have in a gasoline engine. It will smoke and eat your valves and rings for breakfast while doing it.You will die.  Do not do it.Buy new shoes. You'll be walking to work.I did this once in a lawn mower and it smoked a lot it was a very very thick white smoke that smelled real bad I kept mowing but mom was mad because it made the inside of the house stinkit would probably eat your valve seals,, and destroy your motorever seen a piston get so hot the middle falls out and catches the oil in the oil pan on fire?????  not perty.The petrol motor will not fire with pure kerosene,. with a little kerosene, it will fire, but will not stop,. after you take the ignition key out.. It will also spoil the valves and other areas due to. higher temperatures.. . A diesel car may work with kerosene, but motor will. spoil.you car will smoke bad..it will blow the motor.... you will not get very far.....  could catch on fire ......... gas millage ha !ha! ..........your car could also go KABOOM!!@#@!$
Just ground pin 19 of the diagnostic connector to one of the nuts on the shock tower for 3 seconds for an oil service reset.Go to Ebay and search for BMW reseting tool. Its not more than 5-10 quids. Its very easy to use and comes with all instructions in it.Go to dealer, or most service places; they have a tool that will reset the light (it connects to the car's computer)
First you contact your local police department -- . . The easiest way is to remove the ignition switch on top of the steering collum near the firewall - the key turns a rod that operates this switch and allows you to access the run / start / off  without a key -- however newer cars have more than a few security devices in place to ensure that this will not allow you to drive away with the car -- those i won't mention.. . The 'theory' is to provide all power requirements to the ignition circuits (including computer lines) and then engage the starter - in practice the security devices from the factory to avoid a simple jumper wire or two are numerous - and that is without aftermarket security systems.Do not pass go and go directly to jail.....Find the 2 wires that connects the key hole with the ignition system?depends on the type of car I only know how to hot wire my first car and it was one of the easiest lol
They are just old skool.  You can still buy a 57' Chevy with an 8-track.  It's downritght retro.Cost cutting? Most cars come with CD + Cassette now if not a disc changer.they may be old
I really like the one with smashing the glass... but if you were serious... drive it like you would want to drive it later but don't maintain a specific speed.  By varying the speed you avoid harmonics and wear that is "tuned".  It is best to have even wear across the frequencies.Smash the glass, and drive it like ya stole it?Generally give it a bit of extra TLC, don't accellerate hard, give it time to warm up before starting off. The running in is usually for the first 1000 miles or soDrive it like you stole it.follow the car manufactures on the break in. that way your warranty will be valid.ask a copDrive in a normal fashion. As always, keep ideling. to a minimum. Most new cars call for a premature. first oil and filter change. Should be in the owners manual.i am not sure about breaking in but make sure that you take care of the maintenance regularly and be very knowledgeable about everything should something happen to your car. (as far as something breaking down and be able to locate filters, dip sticks and such)
You may have this problem if you park your car outside and the wheels are close plants (grass) that allows dew to form.  The extra mosture causes rust on your rotors overnight that will make the squeaking noise.  Try to park your car on a concrete pad and see if the squeaking remains.Yeah have your brakes checked by a pro..You mean your brakes squeal in the morning?. . That has nothing to do with the tires, or the wheels.. . Mechanics usually put a specially formulated grease on the back of the brake pads to eliminate squeal.  If the grease is absent or gone, you can get squeal.. . There are also springs that exert pressure on the top of the pads that might be broken.  That could cause squeal.if it is due to break dust, wash the car.You should check your brake pads to see if they are worn out. You may have to take it to a mechanic and get a new set of brake pads.Tires don't "squeak" However your problem is not caused by brake dust. You need to have it checked out by a competent brake repair service.They make a spray sold at most auto parts store, it will silence the brakes, just a temporary fix. It is mostly due to humidity. Try air hosing to dry them. Other than that, there is nothing you can do.only way is to have your breaks changed if they are squeaking especially if they squeak when you stop.  You need to have them atleast checked and if the do need to be replaced get it done cause if you wait you could end up needing rotors too and that when it cost you more money in the long run,After getting your brakes checked, if they are fine, go online to order some brake dust covers for your vehicle. They are so great and save a lot of time cleaning too!Install better brakes next time and you won't get so much dustyour breaks are squeaking because they need changed.  You accumulate break duct because you are too hard on your breaks.  take it easy.
Use a distributor advance kit, it changes settings to match the performance of the car and costs about $10 US.  Nyewhat year what modelif you listened to the gay that tells you to drill the throttle plate,. then i think That your nuts. Toyota's tend to do this if the throttle position sensor is out of range.gunk deposits ore dirt will trigger this problem inspect air intake filter and throttle body. if throttle body looks dirty remove it and clean it with carburetor cleanerthere is a plug you can drill out that will allow you to gain access to the idle set screw ,,but this is not recommended,,because the idle is set at the factory,,but if this is the only way you can get it to idle up,,you can drill the little steel plug out,,it is located where you see the throttle rest point,,at idle,,but you might want to check you air filter and a few tune-up thing,s before you do this,,usually when one wont idle good,,it,s a tune up related thing,,so check it  good before you make any changes to it,,hope this help,s.
pressurized, pressurizes the air when you go to high altitude (otherwise there would not be enough oxygen to breathe).  Non-pressurized are therefore relegated to lower heights or you'd have to wear an oxygen mask.one has pressure the other doesnt.Pressurized aircraft compensate for the thinner air at altitude by pumping extra air into the cabin under pressure.  . . At altitudes above about 14,000 feet there is not enough oxygen in the air for normal breathing.  By law, the crew and all passengers must be on supplemental oxygen above 14,000 feet if the cabin is not pressurized.. . An airliner at typical cruise altitude of 35,000 feet has internal pressure about 8 PSI above the outside pressure.  This is equivalent to a cabin altitude of about 8,000 feet which is safe for the passengers and crew.. . An unpressurized aircraft is simply one that can't be pressurized to compensate for altitude.  This is typically small general aviation aircraft.  These are operated at much lower altitudes, usually below 10,000 feet.it's really cold in an unpressurized plane. the exits aren't sealed against the outside air. for commercial planes, they fly much higher than others, so there is little or no oxygen and u have to pressurize the cabin to retain the oxygen in the air.
If it doesn't turn and you cant get the ignition out then you have to drill the pin out of the ignition that holds it in place. If it won't turn sounds like the steering lock is in a bind keeping the ignition from turning.well the way the ford igniton swiches come out is that they have to be in the run positon and you push a pick up this lil hole on the underside of the colom if you cant turn it get a lock smith im telling you if you try to chisle it out its goning to take you forever and your just going to ruin the housing i have done it beforeThey are different in different cars. Get a Chiltons manual for your car and it will have complete directions.. Haynes also makes a good manual. You can sometimes find them in the libraryafter you pull the wheel and stuff off you,ll see  plate that contain,s the turn signal switch,,remove the three screw,s from it and slightly pull out on it,,behind it you ,will see a screw that goes in above the ign-switch,,remove it,,and you can pull the switch strait out,,now this providing that you have removed the lock  plate that is in front of it,,if you have removed it,,then you should,nt have any problem,s,,if you have,nt,,you,ll have to rent a tool to remove the plate with ,,or buy one there not very much,,and it does make the job go a lot easier,,just take your time and you,ll get it,,hope this will help you.what type of ford is it need more specifics
Sounds like your rotors have warped due to heat. IF they turned the rotors when they put on new pads, the rotors were thinned down..they have warped. You need a new brake job with NEW rotors.It's not uncommon for rotors to become warped in a years time.  If you bought aftermarket or cheaper brand rotors and brakes, than chances are they are made of cheaper materials and more susceptible to warping.  Check the warranty on the parts.  Most brands offer at least a 1 year warranty.  If you had them installed at a dealer give them a call.  Most shops will cover rotor defects for at least a year..    If all else fails remove the rotors yourself and take them to a parts store most have brake lathes and will turn them for about 10-15 bucks each.All the advice that was given to you about rotors is correct. If after replacing the rotors the problem persist, inspect your suspension, and alignment. Many cars have alignment problems that the owners discover after dropping several hundred dollars on new brake equipment.Start with new replacement rotors don't have them turned replace them if that don't solve your problem then have your wheel bearings checked and replaced.  And what about your rear brakes they to will cause the car to shake if they are bad.Your tires maybe going bad .Rotors might need turning again due to heatingrotor probly has been extremly hot and slightly warped it. Get it turned. If its really bad just buy a new rotarThe shimmy when braking is definetly warped rotors. It sounds worse thatn what it is...Have the rotors "turned" to true out the surfaace, but there is a minimal thickness that it has to be in order to be safe. If you hit below it, you will have to replace them. If you do have to do so, I reccommend buying rotors from NAPA or Orielly's but using Motorcraft pads *not OEM FORD* from the dealer. Unless cost is not a factor, then go all FORD OEM...rotors.sounds like cheap rotors or you ride hard on the brakes. Get better quality rotors and pads preferably O.E.M. parts.start at the outside and move in! start with have the tires and rims check, then rotors then bearings makes senes? say u have a broken cord in the tire u might do $1500 worth of work before you know u could have just spend $100 and replaced 1 tire.
Get a 1/16th open end wrench, remove the booster vac. hose off the valve, remove the large nut under the egr valve, 2 bolts hold the valve, but they might be stuck, so remove the throttle body, and clean out the ducts. The egr valve hardly ever goes out, its the carbon inside the throttle body that stops up.I agree why are you changing the EGR valve? Let me guess, Autozone diagnosed a P0401 low EGR flow and you bought their EGR valve hook line and sinker?. . As the others said it's a part that rarely goes out but is easy to change usually with 2 10 mm screws and a 1 1/16th inch wrench. . But I lay bet it's a sensor called the DPFE that is causing your problem... the carbon build up I have seen (It's behind the throttle plates and hidden and best cleaned off the truck) but the sensor are known failures and I've seen a few people buy an EGR valve as Autozone just so happens to sell it and is one of the possible "causes".... . Take it to a real shop like a Ford dealer and let them Diag it correctly.... depending upon the sensor, it's usually about a $100What kind of motor. 4.2 or 4.6 Both are very easy to remove. And both are located on the upper intake. One tube from the manifold and 2 bolts. 1 vacuum line.
Those Fix-or-replace-daily Mustangs had a habit of getting a "kink" in the cable at the side of the trans. New cable is the answer.. . The problem was caused by jack-rabbit starts, but you wouldn't be guilty of that, now would you.graphite down the tube should lubricate it and keep it spinning smoothlyIn my 74 ranchero 460gt     I had to take it loose at the speed odmeter and spray wd40 into it. do it  soon or you'll be lookin for another. you gotta get some lubrication to the cable inside the speedometer line before it binds up and breaks.. good luck.The 68's have a mechanical cable that runs from the transmission to the back of the dash into the speedometer. Just unplug it and plug in a new one.Replace cable.Go to Mustangs Unlimited wed site.They have everything you need.
Humm.. first open the back of the gun and carefully insert a tube of grease, then close the gun back. Next, find your grease fittings and carefully put the end that grease comes out of on the fitting securely. Next pump grease into the fitting until grease runs out.You must have an old car.. . you put the end over the grease fitting and tighten the end and squeeze it a couple of times, maybe three,  not too much or you'll break that rubber seal.Bend over Rover, and I'll show you!
I don't have a problem with truck drivers. It's a HARD job to have to drive that many hours each week, be away from their families,  deal with the idiots on the road, stay awake and handle a big rig. And with the rising gas prices, they take home less pay because many have to pay for their own diesel. No doubt, without them, our stores would have far fewer selections and prices would be through the roof.How do we take advantage of truckers when we go to the store?. . A few bad truckers give the rest a bad name.  I was passing one a few days ago and he suddenly swung into my lane, forcing me to the median strip.  No warning, no signal, nothing!  There wasn't anything in front of him either, he clearly did it deliberately.  Then the bastard flipped me off!  . . As fate would have it, he got pulled over a few miles down the road.. . Don't give me any grief -- I used to be a trucker myself!:-D It's the result of ignorance. (not stupidity.)  Most people who don't know a trucker, let alone what's involved with driving a truck, simply have NO IDEA what's goin on with the truck. Most drivers simply see a huge slow object in their way, and never stop to think about anything other than what they need to do to get where they're going.  Not needing to think ahead to drive their car, it never occurs to them that a truck driver's reacting to something 1 mile away. They've got  a full minute to go before they have to do something..   Another is that many 4wheelers don't realize that while they know every foot of the road they're driving, and if lost, can simply stop anywhere to get directions: A trucker may be 1000's of miles from home, and have no idea about the neighborhood he's driving through. Being able to stop or go anywhere, it never occurs to them that a truck must stay out of certain areas or it'll break things and get irretrievably stuck. It's not an insult, just a fact. I knew as little about the subject as any before I started driving truck. .   (GRIN) I'll stop my dissertation now before it becomes a book. Just one thing though........ The flashing lights on one or the other side of the truck are NOT hypnotic devices, or lures for a moth-like mind. It means the dude needs you to get out of the way!!  When a big-rig needs to get over, or make a turn, he DESPERATELY needs to do so. People tend to freeze as trucks are intimidating. That's the worst thing one can do....The problem is that a few bad truckers can ruin the reputation for all others....   it is the same for any occupation that is widely visible (truckers, bus drivers, airline pilots, etc.).. . Some truckers are jerks, while a majority are very professional.HUH???? what do you mean by, "when all of us take advantage of them when we go to a store," what does that mean??? i have my own opinions on truckers.he didn't mean take advantage as in you are taking something from them. "If you bought it a truck brought it" Its common sense that without trucks we would all be in trouble. everything you have is because a truck driver hauled it. (that's why drivers are always talking about sitting a day).  my hubby has been driving for 8 years and i couldn't be prouder of him!   Oh and as far as tailgating most of that is people driving to slow when not in the right lane.    "Move get outa the way _______  get outa the way" our favorit song.......truckers are hot!your so right my boyfriend was going to be a trucker.....then he found out he was allergic to methI didn't know people bad mouthed them? Except for when they tail gate us. But they are only trying to hurry to get the loads dropped off so they can get home.i personaly think if it could be done and a we as truckers could afford it we should stop moving for 3 days and then everybody that goes to the store and b i t c h s about truckers cuting them off and tailgating can see how much they depend on truckers to get what they need and the little dumbass that made the meth comment to this question should just keep stuff like that to  her self  WE DO NOT ALL DO DRUGS! AND IT IS NOT A THINKLESS JOB ! and i am glad her boyfriend didnt start driving cause if he is dating here then he is to damn stupid to drive a truck but just like anything else there are bad people out there that give the rest of us a bad name and to hear that stuff poor out of someones mouth like that makes me wish i had never joined the Marine Corps to go fight and maybe die for someone who has no respect like that but i didnt do it for the people like her i did it for everybody else . and SEMPER FI Marine Truckers we will regroupe someday !
look for the cheapest fix first check the wire to sender. IT must not touch anything that might damage the outer cover of the wire. if the wire hits and grounds out when you hit the gas it will show the reading that you describe. but if you hear the a rattle  from the motor there is a way to put a pressure gage on the motor.it should go up. if it is going down it could be low on oil or the sending unit is going bad.or the worst of all problems your oil pump might be going outYou may need a new oil pump.
If its a side arm tranny,you can usually bolt on a longer shift handle. Hurst makes an assortment of arms. If its a top loader(shifter on top of trans),you may have to fabricate a longer bolt on shaft,being careful with the reverse lockout.im assuming you put a body lift on, and since you are asking about extending the shifter, you either pieced it together and didnt buy a new kit, or you are using hockey pucks.. . either way, if you bought the kit, most kits have a small hunk of metal rod, and you are supposed to cut and weld the shifter and weld in the new piece.Are you having a problem where you put the lift kit on, and the trans is lower making it more difficult for you to shift (assuming you have a manual transmission)?. . If that is the case, I would say your best bet would be to take a trip to a junk yard and look for a truck with a longer shifter. In most cases many shifters fit different makes and models of AWD or RWD car/trucks. . . A junk yard or eBay would be your best bet, but if not then check out the sites I listed. You should more than likely give them a call, and they probably find something for you.
With a hammer duhIf you have your owners manual, it should be there. Its relatively easy to do but complicated to describe.
1. Make sure you have the tires properly inflated.. 2. Make sure all of the filters (air filter and fuel filter) are clean.. 3. Avoid accelerating hard from a stop.I believe thaere are add on to any car that can help but I know for sure that there is a mufler that helps a littleMake sure you change the oil, air filter, tires are inflated to the right pressure, don't put allot of weight in the car. and use the correct type of gas recommended for the car.Be light footed on the gas pedal... smooth acceleration... renew air filter... OHC gaps correct gaps... clean and in good condition spark plugs... tune carb/fuel injection system.  That would do it. Driving around in a car out of tune is expensive on fuel !!  A car out of tune will have lower performance and the driver, to compensate for that,  instinctively uses more gas -- ie. heavier on the gas pedal.  Nearly forgot, take a compression test and all pistons. They  should have similar compression readings, around the 150 psi mark (check manufacturer's data for precise figure)
Autorotation in a Helicopter, means that you spin the main rotor by descending to the ground. the air that flows through the blades spin them and generate rpm that can later, in a case of engine failure, can be converted into lift to stop the decent and land safely.(m). . Autorotation is a condition where the main rotor is allowed to spin faster than the engine driving it. How is that achieved? It is actually quite simple. . All helicopters are fitted with a free wheeling unit between the engine and the main rotor, usually in the transmission. This free wheeling unit can come in different forms but one of the most popular is the sprag clutch. The free wheeling unit will allow the engine to drive the rotors but not allow the rotors to turn the engine. When the engine/s fail the main rotor will still have a considerable amount of inertia and will still want to turn under its own force and through the aerodynamic force of the air through which it is flying. The free wheeling unit is designed in such a way to allow the main rotor to now rotate of its own free will regardless of engine speed. This principle is the same reason that if you are in your car and you push your clutch in, or put it into neutral while the car is still moving, the car will coast along under it's own force. This occurs regardless of what you do to the accelerator pedal.It is when a helicopter is about to crash and the pilot uses the main rotor to slow up the free fall to make the landing a have a little less impact....
u need to buy a whole new headlight it has a crack in it.well you take the lens out get a towl and whipe it and vala you got dry headlightsWhile the fellow who suggested the remedy of taking the lens out and drying the inside with a towel is quite correct as to a short term remedy, the problem is that when you get water inside the lens it is indicative of the rubber weather seal having failed, usually from drying out and age.  You will either have to periodically do just as he recommended, or you will have to get new lights.
it may be something simple, like an oil change.  If not, you need to take it to have it repaired, before all that knocking blows the engine!because is an american engine. Im a dealer, I use to sell Jeeps, Take it to the service Dept.  there is one in Central ave. Yonkers NYdefinitely check your oil, and if you fill it and it still does it, i reccommend lucas oil treatment (at any good auto store). Also if it knocks when you add just the oil, it could be too late, and you could have a rod knocking. If so, take it in and have it looked at. . NikiBecause it wants attention from a certified mechanicDepends. Does it click all the time? Try turning off your A/C and make sure the vents are not on defrost. If it goes away that is normal. With the A/C or defrosters on it will cycle the clutch on the A/C compressor, in turn making a (clicking) noise. Hope this helps.me and my dad own a auto repair shop named discount brake and muffler and i am the only girl probably that knows how to take a part an engine and is ceritified. well the clicking could mean that one of your pistons could be loose and another problem could be that when you accelerate theres a tube( so you can see where it is it is actually called and "feeding" tube that give the engine gas and lets the gas release) and you might need to flush out your engine because it can clog the tube but you need to go to an autoshop to get it flushed and see if anything else is wrong with it. thus a rod shaft might be damaged.because it needs to be looked at by a professional!OIL- check it out.Maybe it wants oil. Have you checked the oil yet?you have a leprchaun stuck in the exhaustIF YOU DONT KNOW PERHAPS A BICYCLE WOULD BE BETTERFirst don't just add oil change the oil. Second do a major tune up including valve adjustment. Check for loose or frayed belts. Soapy water will help you find exhaust leaks. These are all things you need to do if you want to avoid more expensive repairs.Did you run over something big, was the car sold from a Jeep dealership, or a used car lot? That may answer your question.chech the oil now. right now. if the oil is low your lifters will rattle and click. it could also be an exhaust manifold gasket leak. blow by sounds like a clicking noise. could also be a bearing in your alternator, power steering, or airconditioner pump. i have also seen the tensioner for the serpentine belt go out (chysler products are bad for that). start by checking the oil then working your way up. . . best of lucksomething might get caught in the engine
Some do, some don't - it's an option you can specify when you order it new.. . A lot of people choose not to, either because they hope people will think it's a more powerful car than it is, or just because they think it's cooler not to.. . My 328I hasn't got one, either.you probably bought the car used, because they are supposed to.  the 325 has 3 models, the 325i, which is the standard 4 door sedan, the 325ci, which is the 2 door coupe, and the 325cic, which is the 2 door convertible.  the bmw dealership sells the emblems, trust me they are supposed to be on there, because i have replaced many that were in a wreck.  they sell the 325 part seperate from the i, so it is technically considered 2 parts.
The same thing happened to me! In my case I opened the co-drivers air flowter because my girlfriend was cold and had closed it and no more leaking!! It happens because the cool air presses the allready cool air that can't get out of the flowter and liquids it! simple as that..You will need to locate the drain tube under the van and try to unclog it with a flexible wire or something similar. If that doesn't work , try bowing it out with an air hose .I used to get the same problem with an earlier Ford model Van. You are probably right about the clogging. I could clear the clog by  reaching down under the condenser unit ( found under the hood) an feeling for a small rubber nipple (Drip tube?) By squeezing the nipple it would open up the opening wider and the crud that was blocking it would drain out. End of problem until the next time. A warning sign for me that the problem was comming back would be the sound made by sloshing water coming into contact with the blower fan blades.  I have since owned later models of Ford E-150's & not seen a repeat of this problem, & frankly forgot about it until your question today. Try asking at a Ford dealer if they have a more permanant remedy. Hope that helps.
When your oil pump has no oil to pump the crankshaft gets very hot which causes lots of wear on rod bearings and causes engine to seize. could mean rebuild very soon.Metal to Metal grind ,if you plan to keep the car get a set of gauges.Keep checking the oil and Water an ear out too.If you have a car with an overhead cam, you damaged the cam shaft.  You can wear the lobes on the cam very quickly if they are starved for oil.  Once that happens, the valves that control the input of air/ fuel and output of exhaust are restricted, they don't open as far.I would venture to say that you have scorred a cylinder wall.  Basically, the rings are melted to the piston and scraped up the wall.  Usually on one side of the cylinder wall.  Piston is probably trash too.  Save yourself the time and frustration and buy a long block and swap the engine.  Or you can visit the junkyard for a motor.  Good luck...sorry for your troubles.Your lucky it didn't take your bearings out.. . But it sounds like maybe you burnt a valve.Well if you run the car until it quit because it diden have oil in it  what happened was you floated out the lifters and when the oil got back to then some of them diden pump back up. They may pump up if you keep running it. But the long term effect is that you have parable scared the rod and main barrings and the cam barrings. But that dont mean you did you mite be lucky this time.you probably done some severe damage to the engine,,if it actually stopped running,,this means that the engine basically locked up on you because of lack of lubricant, this engine may not be worth salvaging because oil is the main thing an engine needs,to function well,,also oil help,s cary away the heat,of the engine,,basically what  you done to the motor,,would be like rubbing too rock,s together,,there gonna grind up right,,sort of what might have happened to your engine,,i hope this isn't the case,,good luck with it,,i hope this help,s you.lucky ur baring didnt get taken out.... . JOIN MY GAME EVERYBODY! IT WILL BE SOOOOO GREAT! www.freewebs.com/notorious1101. . . . 3 guys.... 3 girls....5 challanges... Only 1 can be... NOTORIOUS!
I used to be in the automobile business, and a lot of red sports cars are more expensive due to the fact that we associate that color with sports cars more than the others.  Hope this helps a little.Quick answer: Moneybecause red is a sport color also cops mostly f*ck wit red cars also red will just make you drive fasterProbably because there is a bigger demand for them.because youre buing the color. ferrari red is a specific blend of colors. that blend probobally has a traditional way that its mixed or made...therefore its more expensive.I think the red has gold in the formula or is it black sorry don't remember. but the cops spot you better know first hand I had a red car!ferrari uses custom red thats trademarked, check their web for infored is one of the most noticed colors on the open road,it,s also one of the most expensive color,s to ensure,,according to national institute of driving safety,more red colored cars are wrecked than any other color,and also true red is Ferrari,s trademark color,but also true,if you ask anyone,,they,ll say i want a red one,no matter what kind of car it is,it,s been that way since the first mustang,s came out.because red is ferrari's signiture color.
Calling them might get you an answer. If not they can point you in the right direction.Better Business Bureau..(First) Then Consumer Affairs.If you think a crime has been committed contact your local PD. If this person represented himself as a dealer than he/she must provide you with a number. If they refuse than they are guilty of fraud and you can lodge a complaint against them. If you have any paperwork where the seller is representing himself as a dealer you have them stone cold.
The best thing I have run across is POR-15. It is a rust sealing paint. It encapsulates the rust and then chemically reacts with the rust to stop it. You can brush or spray on. A google search will show several sources.Rustoleum makes a rust converter that'll stop it dead cold.. Clear as much of the damaged area as possible and then spray or brush it on.  It performs a chemical process that seals and converts the rusty areas to a hardened base.  You can then do whatever repairs you desire to it, including paint.wash it not only the outside but once in awhile if in the northern section using salt the under part. Make sure you have good undercoatingwell you can go 2 ways. remove or reform. If you want to completely remove and replace all rusted areas, it will be costly. Or you can have it ghetto rigged by putting on some rust reformer to stop the spreading, and use filler over it and repaint.
it is prbly bcuz u need a new a/c...if it is too worn out it wil prbly not work rite...but b4 trying that tho talk to a mechanic and get his opinion..It sounds like.as was suggested,,freeze up,but not the condensor,,it would be the evaporator,there is a sensor that needs to be checked. that will eliminate the issue.. . Take the car to a qualified tech and explain in detail whats going on.First check the level of the refrigerent, need to bring it to someone, it maybe too low or too high and if that is the problem it will not allow your high low switch to engage your clutch on your compressor.... Another thing that can cause this is oxygen in the system....Yeah I think its the condenser. Until you get it fixed keep the windows down it probably helps I am a young lady but I know what I am talking about I fix on my  brothers car all the time.It is either one of those problems, to me it sounds like it needs a recharge.  If it was frozen up then it would stink bad and smoke more than likley.  Try a recharge kit at your auto parts store or take it to a shop.All refrigerant systems leak. So after 13 years, unless you've had a recharge, you need it now.It may just mean you need  a recharge of your freon.  When they do that they will check your lines for a leak.
Usually throttle and gear cables have their length engraved next to the brand name at the outboard end, so it's easy to identify it on an old installation. If not, use the old one as a guide.. For a first time installation the solution of a stranded wire can work perfectly staying always on the rich side of length with wide loops.Take a tapemeasure and measure it.first thing u do is measure the length u wanna run ur cables, like from the center consol to the outboard, then what u wanna do is measure an extra 3 feet and add that to the total length.  the extra 3 feet will be the extra play you'll need when turning the boat, so the outboard wont be pulling on your levers.The best way is to remove the old throttle cable and use that as your guide. If it is a new instalation then I would run a piece of starnded wire from the motor to the throttle making sure that you can turn the motor full port to starboard. Now remove that wire and use that as your guide.
become a licensed dealerGo to the Car Auction License Store!I think you actually need a business license to operate a business that conduct car auctions. Go down to the City Hall and apply.
The grooves on Highways in California are to help prevent driver's vehicles from hydroplaning , when driving in the rain. The lines are actually rake marks that are dragged over the semi dry concrete.  when the concrete cures & hardens the rake marks allow rainwater to fall into the grooves or (valleys) where they can be channeled away, the grooves run parrell to traffic which helps prevent hydroplaning because the tire will push the water out of its way as it runs along. The Road bed above the valleys (grooves) has little peaks that resemble a long mountain chain, this continous mountain actually supports the weight of the vehicle, and helps keep it up above the valleys, where the rainwater is ; the peaks also improve tracton, steering and control, and stopping distance as it flys down the highway.Kali highways have grooves on the roads to give you better/tire pavment contact on wet/rainy days. C'mon know, we all no that kali drivers can't drive in the rain! so we need all the help we can get! lolThe high volumes of traffic on California highways make maintainance nearly impossible.  Constant traffic over a highway will wear away the asphalt.emanon is correct. . And it's not only in california.I didnt know they have grooved highways and I am from California. I know they have put down  "Rumble Strips" and that's to  Alert Drivers, Save Lives and Money. :)Most Cali highways are made of concrete because it is stronger than asphalt, the grooves allow water to "run off" better, this is not an option with asphalt.  Some of the "sleep alarms" along the side contain asphalt.Most highways in the US are grooved so that if a driver falls asleep and drifts off the road.. The BUZZZZZing sound should wake them up before they cause an accident.
Sounds like bad valve seats. Oil leaks by while engine is sitting up and burns off when starting, No big deal.That is oil. Valve seals are the most likely culprit. . Nothing to worry about unless it becomes excessive.Oil sitting on top of the valve, cause is bad valve seals.usually a worn valve seal or valve guides will do this on a high mileage engine. Once the engine warms up, the smoke usually goes away. After time, your spark plugs will start to foul and cause an engine misfire. If it is an older car, and pretty easy to work on, then you may want to replace the seals only. If you remove the cylinder head for a vavle job, you risk blowing out the piston ring seals because now you have restored the compression back to its normal state. Decide what is best , is the car worth the repair? Or just move on to a more economical car with less miles on it.. Good LuckOil leaking from old/cracked gaskets.  It happens quickly to cars which aren't driven much, or have been sitting for a while.  It will stop when the engine and gasket(s) heat up and expand.  If it doesn't go away after heating up, they need to be replaced, but it's usually an indication of age.
Never heard of a supercharger that runs off of the battery, This item may not be of any real performance value.  Superchargers are usually belt driven or gear driven ect ,while turbochargers are exhaust driven, by the engine exhaust gas. My personal opinion is that turbo's are better, more bang for the buck.A super charger give a lot of low end torque.. A turbo works at high RPM. Both are very involved and would take  an experianced mechanic a full day to install.. These are not somethig that "hooks up to your battery"Both are pumping air into the engine, which, with more gas, makes more power.  Turbochargers are driven by exhaust; imagine 2 impellers that look like pinwheels, mounted back to back, with exhaust routed over one side and the intake air being pushed in as the blades spin.  Superchargers are directly attached to the motor by belts or other connections.  There are a couple of types of impellers used.  Turbos don't cost engine power, but seem more sensitive to heating the intake charge.  Remember also pressurizing air makes the temp rise.  Heat is the worst enemy of turbos and superchargers, because heat increases risk of detonation, which can cause damage to the motor.  This is why intercoolers are typically part of a factory turbo setup.  Finally, remember boosting power creates more stress on rest of drivetrain.. . Good luck!Turbo chargers run off of a car's exhaust, and take about a minute to spool up.  Superchargers take air in from the outside and (typically) run off a pulley on the engine, and give you power instantly.  Both give your car power by helping the engine aspirate, or breathe, better.  And both cost a fair amount of money to overhaul when they wear out.. . Superchargers are a good bargain for increasing performance on engines that are able to handle them.  They are also usually the better choice for modifying passenger cars.. . I wouldn't take one that runs off the battery, though.  The battery is there to provide the initial jump to the starter to turn the car over...not to run accessories.  You could wind up shortening your battery's life if the supercharger draws too much power too often.Those e-turbos are a rip off, it's a bilge fan for boats.. . Now, the thing with real forced induction:. A turbo uses exhaust gasses to turn a turbine, which drives a second turbine that forces pressurized air back into the engine.  This will only make power at high RPMs, and takes a moment to 'spool up' and make power when you hit the gas.  Once it's pushing, though, it's usually going to be putting down more than most superchargers will.  They're a little more dangerous than a supercharger, and will destroy your engine fast if not properly intercooled.. . A supercharger uses a pulley on the engine to drive a turbine or pump to compress air into the engine, resulting in instant boost.  Since they run off the engine, and always are boosting, they will have more of a negative impact than a turbo will on gas mileage, and will not make quite as much power per PSI of air.. . Before you do either of these, it's a good idea to get slightly higher lift and duration cams, forged pistons, stronger connecting rods and a crankshaft, and have your head gone over, ported, and polished.  Use a head gasket rated for high compression and boost, and only run synthetic oils with high flow filters.  It's not a wise idea to just 'bolt on' something like that.A supercharger runs off electricity and is basically a fan. A turbocharger runs off exhaust gas and there is therefore a turbo lag while the exhaust builds up enough to work. You don't need either one, there is no need to go anywhere that fast. If you are in a plane that is a different story.You obviously have more money than you know what to do with.  Spend your money on a car that has the suspension for such 'sweet' driving first.A turbo charger works off the exhaust system, while a super charger works off the drive belt. As far as power they both will do good for power. The turbo will have to have a lot of exhaust pipe modifacations, the supercharger will have to have upper intake modifacations done.
try auto zones repair manual here is site to go to. http://www.autozone.com/servlet/UiBroker?UseCase=RG001&UserAction=beginRepairGuide. select what yu want to do when you get a picture in the instructions just click on the picture to enlarge.remove itReally depends on what your trying to do, Big axe works if your not putting it together again. Hire a compressor and an air impact wrench with six point impact sockets, make sure you get metric
Go to a coin wash and vacuum out the interior.  This will remove most of the water.   Leave the windows down and doors open to air out the car.  AutoZone sells a leather conditioner that will help the leather.  Armor all will help with the vinyl part. The rest is up to God.. . Good Lucksounds daft but get some saddle soap..the stuff that they use on horses saddles. dry your seats as best as you can and use the saddle soap with a rag to rub into your seats. It will soften your leather without cracking it and preserve the life of it. We often used to come back from a ride with soaking wet saddles and the soap was amazing....has the leather looking new in no time.well... if u have a Chevorlet Lumina...which i think u have... u should be asking someone else to clean it for you... Assuming that u will be too busy with your medicine studies....?? but.. why... . Oh My God.... DO I know U???First of all, remove the seats from the car, and then clean the car normally, by drying it in the sun, or else use a sponge to clean it. Dry your seats as follows before placing them back.. 1.Use a damp cloth or sponge to rub saddle soap into the leather; work soap into a light lather.. 2.Wipe away lather and allow to air dry.. 3.Oil leather with a leather preservative such as mink oil.. It is a very delicate job as it can spoil the shade of your leather accessories. Always try it on a covered patch of the fabric before doing it on the entire seats.with dryer .............dry the car out first of all and then treat the entire with leather conditioner. You may have to pull the carpets up as well! Perhaps a professional service should do all this for you, and you may be able to work this out with your car insurance.....Just remove the Leather Seats and let them dry in the sun. Or one more alternative is to give it to the Car Washing Company. They may help.
well, 9.30pm is when all the shopping malls close, so there is a rush for cabs then. this backlogs till about 10.30pm, then the drivers figure, ah, time for a smoke break, toilet run and dinner, and by the time they're done with all that - they're just in time to rear their heads again at midnight and enjoy the midnight surcharge.. no point complaining about it, really. I figured that's what I'd probably do too to maximise my time/income if I were a taxi driver in Singapore.check Orchard Park... hehe... they are there...Becos you weren't looking for one before 9.30pm. And there's another 100 people doing exactly the same thing as you on the same stretch of road at the same time.
Gives a larger field of view. I like the old ones better myself.It's a lousy attempt to eliminate blind-spots in the drivers field of vision.exactly what he said, you can see more with the convex lenses, even if it does change the size of objects you see in it
The car wants to die everytime you slow down or stop at a corner. It almost seems as if you were out of fuel. I had an '89 Chevy Corsica and the best way to deal with it until I got it fixed was to use one foot to apply breaks as usual, but when stopping or slowing use other foot to keep slight but steady pressure on the gas pedal. I don't know if your familar with double footing - but it worked for me.Its not going to know accurately how much air is getting mixed with the fuel so its likely you will lose power and fuel economy as well as increased emissions.  Its an easy fix that will save you more money in fuel before too longI had my O2 sensor go out a year ago. I had no notible performance issues, but my emissions suffered greatly. You will probably not pass a smog check with a faulty O2 sensor.From what I remember, a mechanic told me that the car just uses the best default settings (keeping the mixture of oxygen and fuel consistent) that is pre-programmed into your computer.  This could lower your gas mileage, but it won't be very much.. . If your oxygen sensor were working, it would adjust the oxygen / fuel mixture according to the amount of oxygen going into your engine (intake) and the amount of oxygen leaving the engine (exhaust).  You usually have two oxygen sensors in your car.usually not much. Some vehicles it may cause a rough idle or slight smoke at startup.....im not sure if it will cause you to fail your emissions test or not? But it isn't a huge problem. Getit fixed as soon as you can but don't worry to much.WHEN THE O2 SENSOR FAILS FIRST THING YOU WILL NOTICE IS THE IDIOT LIGHT ( NO THAT IS NOT AN INSULT, IT COULD BE A 'CHECK ENGINE' LIGHT)ON THE DASH WILL LIGHT. THEN THE CAR'S MPG WILL START TO REDUCE. IT WILL BE A NOTICEABLE DIFFERENCE.YOU COULD ALSO NOTICE THAT THE EXHAUST IS JET BLACK.You will not get the proper mixture of air and fuel in the engine. Either too rich or lean because the O2 sensor cannot send the proper signals to the onboard computer.It will die or feel and sound like it will. This went out in my old car. Easy to fix, of course my best friends husband is a mechanic so easy for me!!! I would get it fixed soon, the part is pretty cheap.Typically you are either getting a wrong reading on the O2 sensor... or..... the O2 fuel mix is not correct and your car could be putting out more pollutants than is good for the environment.
This is a common way. Used cooking oil is collected from a source like a fast food restaurant. The oil is then filtered of all of the impurities. This oil is then put into a separate tank and the engine started on regular diesel. When the engine has warmed up the tank can be switched to the bio-diesel and away you go. When you reach the end of your trip you must reverse the process to clean the bio-diesel out of the injectors. There are also methods of blending the fuels together and heating the bio-diesel.Biodiesel is made through a chemical process called transesterification whereby the glycerin is separated from the fat or vegetable oil. The process leaves behind two products -- methyl esters (the chemical name for biodiesel) and glycerin (a valuable byproduct usually sold to be used in soaps and other products).It is the collected gas that is created when bio matter decomposed ie. the smell that comes from your compost heap
You must have a CDL w/two years driving experience. A clean driving record, pass criminal background check and drug screen. They hire less than 8% that apply.Start off by going to UPS and/or Fedex and picking up an application for employment.  Fill out the application and return it with your resume, references, etc.  I know someone who went straight into being a driver.  However, keep in mind that you will be doing a lot of heavy lifting whether you are a loader or a driver.  Drivers are required to be able to pick up 50 pounds.  It could be up to 75 now, but it's at least a minimum of 50 pounds.  If you have a bad driving record, that could also hender you getting a job as a driver.. . The UPS driver that comes to my work has been working for them at least 5 years and let's just say this guy has more vacation time then one person should be allowed.  It's constantly off on vacation going fishin'!!. . Just one bit of advise.....if you do work for one of these companies please be gentle with the boxes.  My shipments are constantly coming in broken apart (example, a carton of 2000 checks came to work yesterday....the box was completely broken apart at the seams!).. . Good luck!
i believe it mean to slow down to almost a stop and look both ways for traffic before u merge.  0_ostop..yield to on coming traffic you will always be at fault in a left turn the law does not recognizes the turning in front of traffic you can only proceed if it is safe if their is so much traffic that you can not safely turn till is red then that's the only way to turn if you make the on coming car brake you can be given a ticket for not yielding to the on coming traffic, so never count only proceed when and if you can turn so the other car will not hit if he hits you even if he is speeding you will held liable it the law in 50 statesit means stop until cars with right of way is cleared sounds like you madea judgement call that went bad unless you can prove other car put the pedal to the metalWell you should have honked your horn.  It's the driver who didn't yield to oncoming traffic.  Yielding means that the other traffic has the right away and that you are only allowed to turn/go/whatever when there is no other traffic or when you can safely go.  You kind of have the second-way kind of a thing.   You could sit there for hours/minutes if the other traffic constantly came. They have the right away you don't
Quick jolting jerks, over pot holes or when are turning, also sometimes there was "clunking" noises,  that is the sign when your ball joints are going.  When they are gone, it seems like you don't have any power steering and the tugging and jerkiness are excessive and constant, at least that was the sign when mine went on my old car.  1993 Nissan stanza.  go see a mechanic, and they can tell youit sticks in certain pointsdepends on how far gone they are, if your wheels wobble they are bad. if there is more than an inch of play when you raise the wheel and move it top to bottom.they need to be replaced.. if they only move a tiny bit try pumping them with grease if they stop you will be good until next inspection................Car makes a terrible grinding noise and steers baderic she will be making alot of noise down their. get it fixed. lolcheck your tire wear, bad joints will mess up your tiresraise the car (on a rack) and check for freeplay.
1) They haven't bedded in yet..... they need at least 120miles of normal driving to do so.... try to avoid harsh braking until then.. . 2) Pad material: I've heard that Carbon-metallic pads can do this. Think I also recall something about the use of Asbestos in brake pads (in the UK + EU at least) has been outlawed, so they have to use alternative materials instead which aren't as soft.. . 3) The mechanic didn't clean the dirt off the calipers and / or failed to use enough copper grease on the back of the pads when installing them.water on them? It'll dry off and stop sqeelingit all depends on if you got your rotors replaced with them, if you did they are just new and need to be broken in or they were not crosshatched proplerly.  If you didnt get newrotors with your brakes they probably need to be either cleaned or remachined. or sometimes you just get squeaky brakes right out of the box and you just neeed to spray some brake squeak stopper on the rotor and it will be fine.could they be in pain?Your rotors are probably dirty. spray and scrub (if possible) them with Bleach and see if that doesn't help. If that doesn't help, they probably didn't install the brakes right(i.e. missing a shim or the slide rails are misaligned). Another thing I just experienced with a friend's brakes. It might actually be the brake shoes that are squealing (the back brakes if you don't have 4 wheel disc brakes). They  might need to be adjusted.They need "bedding-in".. If the break pads  were installed but the rotors were not replaced or resurfaced, then the rotors must have the "glaze broken" on them. This usually involves taking piece of sandpaper and rubbing it all over the rotor surface in a swirling motion. During this process, it will become immediately evident as to what you are removing by sanding the surface like this. A layer of old break material will remain on the rotors and cause friction problems like noise or uneven braking.So it is important to remove this residual matrial that has been glazed onto the rotors by the heat produced by friction durring breaking. Often times, squealing can be as simple as having neglected to use some anti-queal compound between the pistons and the break pads. I like to use Teflon anti-squeal shims along with the anti squeal compound. The compoun is sold in small singe use packets for less than two dollars at most chain auto part stores. Also, when pads are installed, regardless of the rotor condition or preparation, they must be completely free from grease and oil. In fact the surface cant be contaminated by these things what so ever for proper brake function. That is why there is a special spray called brake parts cleaner that is made specifically for cleaning brake parts, as it dissolves oil and grease off the parts with out contamination them with petroleum. If you replaced the pads yourself, you can often remove them and clean the pad surface with brake parts spray, or denatured alcohol. If you choose to do this, you can take the opportunity to pit some anti-squeel compound behind the pad. .  It could be much easier to advise you if you would have stated in your question who installed the pads and what measures have been taken to reduce the squeal thus far. Also it would be helpful to know the procedure used and the condition and preparation of the rotors too. Good Luck.give them some time to adjust to your discs they'll stop squeeling. a couple of days.Because they want to tell and alert every one in the vicinity that they are quite young and powerful to handle the vehicle very nicely (A joke! See the real answer below).. . Their edges are quite rough, being new one, which are sofened and smoothened by rubbing against the wheel drums after you apply for some time. The squeeling will become lesser and lesser after every application.they didnt intall them right or you need to break them in.They shouldn't and your mechanic should fix them without charge.  Mine always had some cock and bull story as to why they do.If you put them on, you should have at least cleaned both the new brakes and the the rotors (also having the rotors freshly cut), but if you took it to a shop, they should have done all of that.. . Sometimes new brakes squeek due to the pads not being worn into the groves of the rotors. You might want to try riding the brakes a little hard for a couple minutes to set the pads. That usually works. Otherwise, take it back to the shop that did the work, and see what they can do.only one answer 2 that cheep brake padsYou might have vibration of the pads in the caliper, in which case you can apply an adhesive or anti-squeel compound to the back of the pads, not the pad itself.  You may also have a set of pads that have a fauulty backing plate that isn't cut to spec.  If thats the problem, get new ones.you probably need to bed them in this means going allong a safe bit of road ie some where with not a lot of cars and pressing the breake pedal at the same time as the throttle and slowing the car down without stalling it .. make sure you leave enough space to stop .New brakes squeal because of two reasons. One is that the new pads havent conformed to the surface of the rotor yet, and as they do the squealing will slowly stop. The second is the possibility that a little grease, or oil from sweat has gotten on the pads. This will also slowly stop as the surface of the pads wear down a little, taking the contaminant with it as it does.
Is it a late model stock, crate, super, or modified? need to know a little more before I can help youtake off the valve stem caps  that would be the cheapest modification I can think of within the limited scope of your well defined question.. by definition ANY change would be a modification.. I hope this did not help, as your question did not help either.  the human race is now a poorer one due to your question and the hope you had for getting any real answers.Well, you give her a watch so she can quit being late, then you take her to a plastic surgeon and change a few things.. Duh!!!!. A late model what?. Into a modified what?Go find smeone who races modified cause they;re ain;t enough room in Yahoo to answer thisYOU DONT. JUST SELL IT AND BUY A MODIFIED. SELL THE REAL RACE CAR  TO SOMEONE WHO WOULD USE IT.It will depend on the rules at the track where you will be racing. Each track has slightly different rules, so check with them!late model and modified are compleatly different. late models are restricted to engine placement and so on modified have compleatly different rules and therefore compleatly different chassis.
well if you stopped why they write you in the USA you get a ticket for not stopping when you are supposed to don't know ? why they wrote youNothing.  Only an actual police officer can issue a citation/summons by stopping your vehicle and having you sign a ticket.  (With the exception of traffic cameras)
here on earth to procreate. here on answers to answer questions like yours. . Best wishesactually... if you think about it, everywhere you go is "here"... and there is no present! only past and future!!!! this opens my mind up to so many possibilities!!!!. (just kidding but yeah,)We were created by God for God's Glory.Because mapquest will not tell us how to get from here!!to annoy you!Got my 1/4 mile time down to 11.5@129mph. That is why we are here. To improve ourselves. When we strive to be better, others benefit, see?So we could be born,Fu*ck up our lives,Get old,And then dieCause we're sitting at our computers.. . When we leave we will be there.
It comes out on the engine side of the firewall. You have to remove the blower housing among other things. If you have a fax # post it, i'll send the info.Look on the Internet or go to a mechanic.. -Brandon Everett SpurgeonFirst you need a CFC refrigerant license.  If you don't have one, take the car to a mechanic that does. The freon lines need to be disconnected. The evaporator is attached to the firewall in the A/C system.
There are 4 big nuts behind the bumper that are visable if you open the bonnet and look past the radiator. 2 on each side. there are also the star-bit bolts on the inner wheel arch lining to remove and don't forget to unplug your fog light wiring harness before fully removing the bumper from the carA hammer and a bad temper.I have found  hitting a tree at 30 mph will remove the bumper off any vehicle  :Dthere will be two nuts attached to the front panel/chassis you can get to from inside the engine bay you may have to remove the air filter assembly to get to them.move the inner mudguard so you can access the screws under the wheel arches should be two or three!I agree with yorkie, 30 to 35 mph and a tree should do it, buckle up!!!Its been a while since I did it, but I think the bolts are across the front of the chassis and a couple tucked right at the front of the wheel arches (you need to remove the plastic splash covers to get to them!! whatever you do dont pull it too hard!! if it gets stuck there is probably another bolt to undo!!hit the car infront.
Your tires are out of balance.You can drive slower and they are OK and faster than the speed you mention and they are OK .Its just at this certain speed. As for your ck eng lt loosen your gas cap and then retighten it at least 3 cliks and restart engHave your vehicle inspected by a qualified professional.. . If your tires are unbalanced, the vibration would occur consistently at a certian speed, not every 20-30 seconds.. . A loose suspension component is the most likely culprithave someone check your CV jointsHere is your answer for sure. You have a worn out ball joint.either ur wheel alingment is off or u got a low tire it could b sumthin eles but doesnt sound like it have ur mechanic check it outperhaps the tires are out of balance, to be safe I'd have it checked out.CV Joint or wheel alignmentDid you hit something like a curb etc. when you had the 2 flats??  maybe you bent a rim , Or maybe a wheel bearing ? "O"Three reasons you may be getting the vibration are:. 1. Your wheels may be out of balance because some of the balance weights fell off.  There is usually a weight on the outside of the rim where it is easy to see and one on the inside edge where you have to crawl under the car to see it.. 2. Your brake rotors are out of balance which means you will need to balance the tires on the car or replace the rotors. . 3. The tires may be damaged (not round or some belt separation), try putting the rear tires on the front and see if that helps.. . The reason the vibration may not be occurring all the time is that the front tires may be different sizes due to different air pressures or they are different brands or models.  If they rotate at different speeds, they will sometimes work together to shake the steering wheel when they are "in phase" and they will sometimes fight each other when they are "out of phase".  Even if they are the same size they can go in and out of phase due to driving around corners since the tire on the inside of the turn does not have to roll as far.I would suggest rechecking getting you tires balanced.  Sometime they don't do it correctly.  For me they never do...check those tires look over real good maybe a weight come off or could be tire about to goyou could need an alignment, . . make sure the tires are all the same size, and inflated properly.Can't imagine why the coolant could cause the shaking.  If your oil level is normal that shouldn't be it.  . . If the problem started with the change of tires. I would start there. You swap the tires to the back and see if that makes it go away. . . I would also check the lug nuts make sure the wheels are indeed on tight. One wheel could be fluttering. Flutter is an instability and therefore may not be there at all times. . . If you take the wheels and tires out of the equation I would look at the power steering pump.Sounds like either the tires or the wheel alignment.Have your tires and wheels high speed balanced at a shop that does mostly tire work, (i.e. Firestone, Les Schwab, Goodyear, etc.)  you may have lost one or more of the wheel weights.  Low coolant levels and needing an oil change have nothing to do with the shacking you are feeling.The oil change should not be cause of the shaking, that is probably the balance. You likely threw a weight. or you could have a tire going bad,you should have the shop check them and if it is not balance then have them check the suspension and so on. It is not good and can lead to bad tire wear and control problems under certain circumstances.
For cleaning,use boat soap. its mild but works well.. For algae build up use a ablative bottom paint and add black pepper to the paint,( I learned this from a little old man at the boat yard a few years ago) I have done this for years now and I have the cleanest hull at the end of the year in the yard!!!(600+boats). If your boat is more than one year old  wax it!!!Contrary to previous posts, neither waxing the bottom nor bottom painting the bottom of your boat will reduce drag. Bottom paint will have an adverse effect on you top end boat speed. Waxing will not effect your top end speed, but will not make your boat any more efficient or faster.Once you've scraped all the old growth off it, an automotive buffing wheel with a polishing compound does a great job, just keep it moving. Once it's clean, add about 3-4 coats of a good hard automotive wax, such as carnuba. Below the water line, lightly hand sand, wash with Dawn or some other grease remover, rinse and let dry thoroughly. Then mask off your water line, and give it two coats of a good marine bottom paint. Do not wax into this area!! A good bottom paint also reduces drag, and increases hull speed.. Regular fresh water washdowns after every use will maintain it in prime condition.The best way to clean a fiberglass boat hull - . elbow grease. . What do you use to reduce drag and algae build up? . - wax the hull and store out of waterfor cleaning above the waterline, I use FSR ..it is an oxalic acid product in gel form (keeps it from running down your arm on verticle surfaces or overhead. Use a scrub pad that wont scratch the gelcoat and apply as many coats of wax as your stamina will allow. For below the waterline it depends on fresh or salt water and whether you take the boat out regularly or keep it berthed permanently. For short term or for a few months at a time there is a wax called Easy On Bottom Wax by Boat Armor. It will prevent growth for a few months and can be wiped clean easily.. It is pretty spendy (about $35 / 16oz  but worth it if You dont want to have to do serious bottom cleaning all the time.
Go to Autozone and get a can of Tuff Stuff.. . Good LuckI clean cars occasionaly and use a "Green Machine" - ask a neighbor or family if they have one to lend to you. It works great.Martha's got a perfect stain chart for you   . . http://a444.g.akamai.net/7/444/703/20050926180110/www.marthastewart.com/images/pdf/stain_chart.pdfextreme clean, and it won't harm your seat cloth.  you can buy it at shopping.com, sams club, etc.I suppose you could try that clorox pre stain spray,then wash it with soap and water.dont eat in your carIf your question is "how to remove the stains" I'd have to say to steam clean them.  Or, you can purchase a bottle of stain remover and try that but first try a place on the cloth that can't be seen too much in case the color fades.  Good luck to you
I would say the same wheel bearing or caliper. But FYI get that checked out ASAP or you will need to replace your caliper, rotor, pads... at the least if you keep going like this.You need change to the Aflack insuranceIt's possible you have a sticky caliper.  Otherwise check your wheel bearing.  Couldn't really be much else.  Good luck.
You have a 500 SL or a 500 SEL?. . Theoretically the latter would be possible as a convertible, but only in a 12-piece special edition built by Caruna in Switzerland.. . For the first model, any dealer would like to show you.ok look if your asking about a ancient car............then shizzzle...... . honetly...im sure you know how or who you must ask................... . ask, a worker BEE ok.............................ok.............................. . hahhahahaha..........a WorKeR BeeEE ok.....................ohh yea..... . got new good picutes for you and the tones in looney land ok...it should be in your owners manual. probably kind of complex but doable if you have the right instructions.
I believe most electric scooters have an onboard charger, so you 'plug in the scooter'.  You really wouldn't need a garage, but you do need a power outlet with an extension cord.. I suppose if it were more convenient to you, you could buy a battery charger and just take the battery and charger into the house for the night to charge it.You will require an outlet to plug the entire scooter into, and a transformer to charge it. You can make a quick disconnect if you must bring the battery inside, but it could be dangerous if you are not skilled at such things.My moped has to be plugged into the wall, unfortunantly it plugs into the moped, not the battery, but fortunantly the battery doesn't die often.get a transformer for it
In extremely oxidized situations, wet sanding is sometimes the best option to start with. If you have never done it before, I recommend you have a detail shop do it for you. After wet sanding, a buffing with one of many marine light abrasive compound will smooth the finish back out. To restore original shine, use a good marine grade polish from a boat supply store.i refinish my first ski boat. it was a ski scholl boat and was in bad shape. you start with 200 grain sandpaper and wet sand the entire boat. use 200, then 400, then 800 then 1000. than use rubbing compound and it will look great!!!!I wish I knew the answer to this. Rubbing compound helps a little but for a badly oxidized finish I have not found any product that restores it. I took my 21" Grew into a body shop. They made it like new, but it wasn't cheap. ($450 )..use an electric buffer. rubbing compound followed by polish. keep the machine moving so you dont burn.Very mild rubbing compound and alot of light buffing, be careful you don't burn through the finish.Try rubbing it out by hand first with a finishing compound.
Remote wire is usually blue. . . Your fuse should not be more than 18" From your Battery.. . You will need a "line level converter" if your stereo doesn't have RCA out or if your amp doesn't have high level inputs.. . Your system won't mean squat without a well designed box. I just so happened to have THE box for bass hounds.. . I have full plans for a dual 12" 4th-order band pass bass box if you want. It has easy to follow instructions to build your own from scratch. Plus, you can say you built it yourself. It really bumps.. . I chose Blaupunkt TSw1200 subs with a Sony Xpl?d XM2200GTX and it moves my coffee table around when I'm in the driveway.. . Amp is 1200 watts (600watts X 2), subs are 600watts each.. . All of this for about $390 - $450 if you look around. . . I also have a 1.2 Farad cap as well.. . Recommend for every 500 watts you use a .5 Farad cap. Example: 1000 watts - 1 Farad cap. . Try http://www.soundomain.com/shop you can find some really good deals, and this site is manufacturer certified. VERY IMPORTANT WHEN SHOPPING ON-LINE!!!it easy the bose stereo has a remote wire that you can use for the amp that you are going to put in. the rca is the hard part.Battery wire down the driver's side of the vehicle, RCA's down the passenger side - keeping them as far apart as possible. Ground wire should be located within 18" of the amplifier and should be the same wire gauge as the power wire. Run your turn-on wire with your RCA's, and you are good to go.
Artificial manipulation of the global energy markets.. . Gas is $0.12 per gallon at the pumps in Venezuela, but nobody will lease you a 12 million gallon tanker to go get some.. . OPEC has a "target price" of $32-36 per barrel, and has since 2001 just after the war started. You think they'll complain about get twice their target ?. . "Suply and demand" is an economic ruse invented to explain greed.Recently, the fuel octane booster MTBE became an unwise choice for petroleum companies because it causes various disease and they were not allowed to be exempt from prosecution. Ethanol is an easy substitute as an octane booster so the petroleum companies bought it all as a substitute. It is a supply and demand issue.. . Over time, with increased output of Ethanol, its price should fall. An even better choice for fuel is Biodeisel.Imported vs. domestic is not the only thing that affects cost.  You wouldn't expect to pay less for a Cadillac Escalade than for a Kia Rio just because the Escalade is domestically produced, would you?
if the prop is turning, it is being driven, if its being driven, it is producing thrust, so, unless you boat is otherwise held back, due to rope or grounded on the bottom, something is missing from the question.. if the prop is turning, when you remove the engine from the water, then its probably broken shear pin or slip clutch, and when under load, wont spin the prop.. . if the prop is turning, very slowly, that could be just due to the thru hub exhaust turning it, but it will be turning very slow.. . other than that, only thing i can think of, that may mean the prop is turning, but, not producing thrust would be a seriously deformed prop. but would be obviously deformd, as in blades flaattened out. dents or whatnot would still make the prop work, if not inefficiently and roughly. . . or, the prop and engine is just far to small for the boat. like putting a 4hp on a 40foot boat or somethingSounds like the cotter key between the shaft and prop is gone or severely broke.Pull up the anchor. Get it off the beach. Take it off the trailer. Untie it from the dock. Maybe your on a dry lake.. have it sounds like a problem of some kind with the operator mechanism. have it checked out.Lift the anchor??put it in the water??????sound like the bearing in the prop needs to be replaced or you may consider replacing the prop with a stainless steel one.prop repair is fairly cheap but is not completely trust worthyTry untying the boat from he dock, dummy!The prop she need to be moving real fast to make the boat move.
Spoilers and car shape.  They give enough downward force from air passing over them, to help keep the car on the ground.. . If something causes the air to go under the car or under the spoilers, you get those fantastic flying somersault car crashes.. . By the way, those little Civics and other Fast & Furious wannabe cars are rarely fast enough to need spoilers.  Just throwing that in because I hate matchbox cars with 1.8 liter engines and useless spoilers (I call them handles) all over the place.Aerodynamics. The car is designed to have the air flow push the car down onto the track as the speeds increaseThe spoilers are like upside down wings only they push down when you make air go over them quickly..  Plus they have very wide tires that are very sticky.2 things..the design of the car..the air probably pushes it down so it stays in contact..also the tires arent walmart cheapies either
give it a compression test.... also see if ur  lifters are stuck by putting a thin oiltreatment in ur vehicle.... some times the knocking sound can be caused by a faulty injector...... rare case..... . . in all take it to a good mechanic with a great reputation and have them check it out....if it's a rod that is loose, it would probably have broke by nowrev the motor if the knocking increases its a rod
with our's it was all about which way you put the key in....  think it might have been a wee hicup in citroen's set-up of things!!. . on the plus side,  it would make your car harder to steal, even if someone did have the key  lol!!maybe your key fob's faulty? do you have a second? get it checked out at a citroen dealer. it may be that the computer which receives the signal from they keyfob may be faulty. if this is the case, and the situation gets worse, you may not be able to start your car at all! better to be safe than sorry.It may just be to give your fob a bit of cleaning [not with anything damp obviously] any bit of dirt may cause the signal to be blocked intermittently. Also check around your ignition to make sure it is clear of obstructions..  Failing this it may be possible that the antennae around your ignition has become loose, If any of this does not improve it then get it checked out properly as it will leave you down at some stageMy daughter had a problem with the immobiliser on her rover 200. It turned out to be nothing more than a crap battery in the key fob. So with batteries being a lot cheaper than dealers time Id check that first.. . Dave B
Do you mean Intake air charge temperature sensor.  If so it is a sensor that tells the ecm (electronic control module) what temp that air is after it enters the engines intake manifold.  Hope this helps.You may be refering to the Charge Air Temperature sensor. It tells the computer how warm the air in the manifold is, especially on the 2.2 Turbo, so that the computer can adjust timing (and in the turbo cars, boost) to prevent preignition.
It doesn't waste gas directly.  If just means that a driving style that minimizes brake use by coasting before the need to stop uses less gas that a style that maintains speed until using the brakes to stop more quickly.well actually if you look at it this way it saves more gas than pressing into the gas pedal....don't ya think? :PBecause it slows the car down and the only way to get it going again is to burn more gas. So if you ride the brake its like walking with a 10 pound bag off sand tied to your belt and dragging behind you. Takes more effort to move, burns more fuel.i think its more of the accelerating after the braking that sucks gasWho told you that nonsense?  Pressing the brake only ruins your brake pads faster and pisses off the people behind you.does the needle that marks the fuel level go down every time you hit the brakes? Then does it go back up when you push the gas pedal again? That usually happens in older cars, I had a car that used to do that, but no it`s not wasting gas like the needle says. But if it is then you may need to have the car checked out.I can only imagine that someone must have told you this and you took it out of context - but what do I know.  I would guess what they meant was that you are just slowing down the car after it took gas to get it up to the speed at which it was travelling?  A thing in motion wants to stay in motion.  To save gas, just let it keep going?  I don't know.  - this is just my humble opinion to try and sound smart.
Haha I wonder what kind of car you're driving, Nissans are great.  The only reason there is a recall on the Altima is because Nissan THINKS that their engines aren't running properly, but for Ford thats pretty much an everyday thing, drive your Altima happily nothing is wrong with it, just get your oil changed every few miles and keep your car happy. :)all n issans should be recalledSome four cylinder Altimas made in the 6 months between Jan. 5, 2006 and May 29, 2006 have had an oil consumption issue due to an engine part used only during those months.  All other 2.5 liter engines are fine. If you have one, they recommend checking your oil every 700 miles and making sure it stays near the full level. if you don't rune them out of oil they'll run grat and last as long as any other.. . You'll get a letter and they'll fix the engine. Those 2.5 liter engines are awesome. Once fixed everything will be good as new.
The biggest issue with modern diesel oils is anti-foaming additives.  Oil at very high pressures is used to operate the fuel injectors, and if the additives were not in the oil it would aerate and foam up, causing a drop in pressure and resulting in poor performance or even preventing the engine from running.  Hope this answers your question.Do you mean fuel oil and diesel?. Diesel is refined more-less sulpher and other contaminantsDiesel oil contains special anti soot additives. Other common differences are viscosity which is generally 15-40 for modern diesels and 5-30 5-20 for modern gas oils. That varies with climate region.The additives,diesel oil must be turbo approved
My advice to you is if you plan on cleaning the entire interior upohlstry than you should rent a rug doctor, A.K.A. extractor machine or carpet shampooer because they come with attachments that are specificly used for upohlstry cleaning.But if you just want to get out certain stains than I would suggest taking your car to have it detailed at a local car wash and ask for the stain removal treatment on your seats.You can also go to a auto parts store like auto zone and buy a special foam cleaning substance for about $4.00 and it works great without messing up the color.I would take it and have it professionally detailed.you should be able to use a carpet shampooer on it.just test what you plan on using to clean it on a part of the seat where no one can see it to make sure it doesnt fade or hurt your interior.good luckI've used my Hoover carpet cleaner upholstery cleaner attachment on my truck with good results. They also make foam spray on, wipe off cleaner.use an organic citrus spay made for use on anything i used it for my car and it cleaned great and made the car smell nice and didn't fade the interior. look on the Internet i bought mine out of Florida and i live in Alaska. It's a little spendy but it's consecrated. good luckGo to the CAR WASH.That is what I use in my car, a carpet cleaning machine. It will not damage your interior. If you use any kind of solvents, just make sure they don't have bleach in them (obviously). . . Also, go to any autoparts store, and there are numerous interior and interior carpet cleaning products that you can use if you can't get your hands on a carpet cleaning machine. Either way, both will be safe for use!firehoseuse kerosine oil and then wash it with using any detergenti agree with purple27
history . try the top toolbar click on GO then HISTORYIt is in the history of your browser.
Get the title or you're screwed royally.Unless your name is on the title, you have no claim of ownership in the car. Get your name on the title which would have to be assigned to you from the current legal owner. At the very least, have your name added to the title so you both own the car.You need to get a legal document showing that this is your car subject to a lien payable to your friend. Your name should be on the title. Please consult a lawyer to get this done properly.Your friend financed it for you, do you mean co-signed? If so, that is one great, but stupid friend! It is not your car if they have their name on the financing papers, it is legally their car. You need to buy the car back (pay them what they paid so you could get the car). Who is making the payments, you or them? Didn't you two have any agreement about this?
The check engine light means that the engine management has detected a fault and has logged a code. You need to have a diagnostic performed to access the fault codes. Jules, automotive lecturer. Australia.I had a Saab 900 although it was not a turbo.  My engine light did come on and it turned out to be an oil leak.  I guess you know how costly repairs are on these cars.. . Good luck!It means something is wrong, go have it put on a ,whatever that thing is called,(I had a brain fart) and a code will come up and tell you just what it is! Dumb***! yeah a diagnostic machine, the guy above me said that, now I remember Duh? I'm the Dumb*** this time.A problemProblem with the turbocharger.. Problem with the oxygen sensor.. . Take it to the shop and they'll tell you real quick.Check your code on the on board computer.  Maybe a false signal
Nitrogen is much more stable than oxygen, in that the temperature does not tend to fluctuate nearly as much.  It also is not as corrosive as common air, helping tires last longer from the inside out.nitrogen has a more constant  expansion and contraction rate than air. thats why nascar racers use it in there tires for races.It is more robust to changes in temperature, meaning. your tire will maintain a more even pressure. . This would apply to changes in climate, seasons, and . the tire heating and cooling in normal driving.Answer = Condensation does not occur in nitrogen. . .  Hope I have been helpfulfor some reason it does not leak out as much and it helps your car maintain a good tire pressure balance to help with gas mileage.
if its your car theres easy clues.cant find out were it is even you know were you parked it at.if you are in the mall,thearter,or someplace where the parking lot is big or medium,and you cant find your car.then that may mean that your car may be gone.carfaxAsk the police. Or do a carfax if u have the vin number.If your vehicle has a GPS capability, you should be able to track it with your computer.
Well a speedin ticket you have to pay money but with a citaiton it's just a WARNING! lol well does that awnser your question??Nothing.a Citation can be for things other than speeding, such as reckless driving, DUI, etc.A speeding ticket is a penalty and a citation is a warningNothing. Two words for the same thing. Citation is just a fancy word for ticket.
for most 4weelers all you have to do take a link out form the chain or move rear axel. back somemy husband has a harley with a chain, he was able to purchase a chain tensioner for his bike.  It is a device that attaches to the bottom of the frame and puts tension on the chain.on the rear swingarm there are 2 or 4 bolts depending on the make of the four wheeler.  They have nuts that are against the rear carrier, loosen the nuts and tighten the bolts an equal amount of tuens to tighten chain. Be sure to have someone of equal size sit on it to check tension, you should be able to move the chain up and down about a 1/4 to 1/2 inch when tightened. Then tighten the nuts back down and you are done.
It did have fault in the steering mechanism as well, the steering  would not always come back and track strait, and super bad salesodds are it wont be back.. that axle was made by Dana.. . GM uses AAM axles pretty much exclusively now.nobody was buying itit has a poor sales record, will it come back, most likely yes, new and improved version, when? it may be several years, current production auto were designed for production 2 or 3 or more years ago!It was pretty expensive, and people seemed to be able to get around just fine with the regular version.  It was a good enough idea, but too expensive to be practical.
Aloha,.   I believe that a lot of good technical patents on vehicles which use less or no gasoline are being kept from the public by the gasoline companies, even though global warming is destroying the planet.  This is because the gasoline and oil companies stand to lose a lot of money because of new technology, and they are greedy, greedy, greedy.I have a theory that if you have a car with solarpanels at the top for daytime running and also an alternator so when you drive the car, it also recharges the battery pack, it would be great.I'm not fond of conspiracy theories like this one, because like most conspiracy theories, they really don't make any sense.. . Any automaker who had a new technology (like say Toyota's Prius hybrid) would use it immediately to bludgeon the competition into bankruptcy. . . If an automaker has not introduced some new tech, it's because it doesn't work well enough or isn't cost effective.. . An automaker would kill to have a car getting 60 mpg right now. It makes no sense whatsover to withold such a technology. Automakers and oil companies aren't "friends". More mpg means that people will drive more, just like they always have and always will, if gas is affordable.  If anything, oil companies would LOVE a car with 60 mpg---they could raise the price of fuel and none of us would complain, because our gas bills would still be lower than before.
the best i have used is kleenflame. should be available at truck stops. but your still going to change fuel filters often until all the crap is gone.Algae-X  Its an inline magnetic filter device that cleans the fuel.. . Also try replacing your exhaust elbow.  Inboard diesels will start to blow black soot when this becomes heavily carbonatedadd a "Bio-cide" to the fuel tankYou can buy a bacteria killer. One is called Biobor and run about. 300dollar for 5 gallons. Dont know how small container they sell it in, but it do the trick. 5 Gallons treats 10000 liters.. It has to be applied in all fuel, filters injectors return line etc.. If you leave some area untreated, the bacteria will come back.. Diesel is only good for a year then if some water (condense) enter, bacteria will form againPRI-OCIDE kills bugs in fuel…fast! Add PRI-OCIDE to your diesel fuel to instantly kill any bacteria, algae, or fungi that has grown in the fuel, and to prevent any further growth. Unlike traditional microbicides that only kill growth on a one-time basis, PRI-OCIDE keeps working in your fuel to safeguard it from further unwanted growth. . . PRI-OCIDE is a synergistic combination of two microbiocides designed to provide a broad spectrum of microbicidal activity, especially where the control of such growth has historically been difficult. . . Why Do I Need A Microbicide? – It is very common for small amounts of water to accumulate in diesel fuel. This occurs through a natural process of condensation, and in some cases, through leaks in tank seals. Once present in your fuel, the water acts as a breeding ground for microorganisms, such as bacteria, algae, and fungi. These organisms feed off the hydrocarbons in your fuel, creating a waste product which is corrosive and harmful. These microorganisms also create a layer of emulsified oil, which further increases the microorganism growth, thereby increasing the rate at which your diesel fuel degrades. . . Two Phase Effectiveness – PRI-OCIDE contains two active ingredients that work together synergistically to kill growth in both the water and emulsified oil phases. PRI-OCIDE penetrates the emulsified oil phase, killing growth therein, and quickly disperses into the water phase, where the bulk of mirco-organisms grow. As PRI-OCIDE kills these microorganisms, the emulsified oil separates and this valuable fuel is returned to a usable form. The creation of sludge is halted, and tank corrosion is inhibited.. . Gallons Treated Initial Treatment Maintenance Treatment . 30 1 oz. ½ oz. . 90 3 oz. 1 ½ oz. . 180 6 oz. 3 oz. . 480 16 oz. 8 oz. . 3,800 1 gallon ½ gallon . Economical To Use – Best yet, PRI-OCIDE is extremely economical to use. On first application to the fuel, PRI-OCIDE is dosed at its "Initial Treatment" ratio. Thereafter, this already economical dose rate is cut in half, and PRI-OCIDE is used at its "Maintenance Treatment" ratio. . . Effective In All Distillates – EPA registered, PRI-OCIDE is effective in all diesel fuels, MDOs, MGOs, and home heating oils. PRI-OCIDE can also be safely combined with PRI-D, so that you can protect your diesel fuel while at the same time, enhance the fuel’s performance. Use PRI-OCIDE in each fill up to keep your fuel free from contamination and thereby safeguard your valuable engine.
Also, make sure that the pump side of the engine is facing up hill so that engine antifreeze doesn't leach out onto the metal mating surface while your installing the new pump. The antifreeze can keep the gasket from sealing properly, and you don't want to have to do the job twice.Make sure all mating surfaces are clean.. Coat both sides of the gasket with non-hardening Permatex.. Good luck.
Straight 6 was one of the best, but, engine compartments are smaller, emission standards are higher, and the 4.9L . had to go.. I said the same about the 7.5L. It's better than the V10if it dont break they cant sell parts. NEXTthe inline 6 was bulliet proof but the emissions at the time and the long size of the motor did it in. Ford couldn't get the motor efficent enough for EPA standards. That and was said , everyone was going to v-6s at the time that since the bugs have worked out of them have become pretty good motors in of them selves.. . Ford could do a inline motor like those in Australia if it can keep emissions down like chevrolet does but haven't heard anything about any inlines from my Ford fanatic friends.. mainly just talk of the new 6.4 diesel. . But logical choice would be a bottom rung F super duty if ford ever put a inline back in a truck IMO. . BTW... a lot of people own super duty F-series trucks and who complain about gas milage could do this..... . In South america, Ford offers the f-250 with a 4.2 v-6 gas motor and a v-6 diesel...good question. Those straight six motors were bulletproof in those econoline vans. Ford did right with those motors and I can't see why they're discontinued.FORD AUSTRALIA make straight six turbo and non turbo engines. look at www.fordxr6turbo.com     All the jap import boys are worried about the new turbo falcon.  more grunt than the 4.6l ohcV8.   check it out... you'll be amazed.the Ford I6 is very bulletproof and balanced, and loaded with torque.. the reason it isn't made anymore is basically size.  the straight 6 engine is a very long block, in length.  with today's engines requiring more gas efficiency and emissions controls, plus the need for space under the hood, the I6 just doesn't really fit with the newest truck models. a V8 motor is large, in width, not length.. Chevy has a straight 5 motor in their hummer H3 and Chevy Colorado.  It rocks in the Colorado, drags in the Hummer.  the hummer weighs to much for a 5 cylinder motor.ford phased out the strait six,,about the time chevy did,,when all the other manufacturers went to v-6 engine,s ford felt it was time to do so also,,but recent talk,s about the performance and reliability of the strait six have came up,,and it may be re-entered in the newer truck,s if the demand,is strong enough for it,,basically it comes down to whats selling the best,,also there was the issue of the amount of space it took up,,the newer truck,s actually have a smaller engine compartment,,this was also an issue,,hope this help,s you answer your ?.well in Australia, the straight-six is still offered in the large-car the Ford Falcon. its a 4.0 inline six producing 190Kw, a turbo verison does 240Kw. theres either a 6-spped manual, 4-speed sequential shift auto on base models, or a 6-speed ZF sequential-shift on the XR6,XR6 Turbo and luxury models.great engine.IT FAILED EPA
You might have a problem with a leak or maybe the air compressor of your vehicle.  I would recommend to go to an AC mechanic so that they can diagnose what's going on.did you put it in with the car on and ac on.? i had no problem i did it to my truck its cold..get yourself a can of leak detector. Sounds like you may have a leak in the line or pumpYou more than likely have air in the system. If you have to add refridgerant to the system, you have a leak. If the refridgerant leaks out, air will get into the system. You have to find and repair the leak and then put the system under a vacuum for about 15 minutes to boil off any moisture, and then charge the system.
With a spark plug wrench.  Most American spark plugs can be removed with either a 3/8" or 5/8" socket or wrench.One side you can get from the top but the other side you have to go from the bottom side to have enough room to work so you can get them in and out i had to do the same thing to my 1992 Z-28.The easiest way is with a spark plug socket of appropriate size on an extension and a socket wrench.DEPENDING ON THE YEAR AND ENGINE,YOU MIGHT HAVE TO GET A FEW FROM UNDERNEATH THE CAR.Depending on the year you may not be able to get a rachet on the socket. Most s/plug sockets have a hex on the end which fits a 3/4" open-end wrench. This is an option for those hard to reach plugs..... . Be sure to check the s/plug gap before installation...it depends on which year/engine your car has i have a 2000 with the ls1 and it takes alot to get to them the rear ones i had an easier time getting to from underneath and the others i had an extensions on a socket plug wrench the v6 3.8L should be alot easier and i think they coime out from the top just like a conventional engine now if u have a Lt1 v8 from years 93-97 then i am unsuer since i havent had to work on it but if the year is 98+ its the ls1 for the v8
You can't. If this person was involved in a crime, you can call the police and they will handle it from there. Otherwise, private individuals are barred from obtaining DMV information from a tag # due to privacy and anti-stalking laws.. . This is most famously due to the 1989 murder of actress Rebecca Shaeffer -- the man who shot and killed her had fraudulently obtained her home address from the DMV.I haven't got a clue....tagnumber.com and type in tag number and give you there name and phone number but im not sure about the addressNo, even the police can't run tags for personal reasons.go 2 a police office an in a sec. they'll get all the info.. . . .  4get it it won't work only if u have a friend that works thereYour state's department of motor vehicles has that information. . . You can sort of see (stalker) why that information (stalker) wouldn't be available (stalker) to just anyone, right?Put an advdert in the paper, you never know you might get lucky.Hey i know that girl .  her number is 867 5309.  Her name is Jenny LOL.  Stuart love the reply LOLBecause of security and personal safety concerns, I seriously doubt a private citizen can get that information from DMV.If you have any friends in PD or insurance.. . Another way is to tell police she loaned money and you went back to (wherever) and she never showed. Could they forward it to her or have her call you.. I did that once, been married 22 miserable years since!probably notNope, you can't, and it is illegalI couldits illegal.. . You can try any people finder site though, like, peoplefinders.com or anywho.comYou could only find the registered keeper through the DVLA records - this is not open to the public and the Police are only supposed to use it for 'official' business.  Getting a police friend to run it is a quick way for them to become unemployed and, possibly, in the dock.. . Sorry but time to think of another way.
I slow down, let the slow driver in front of me go. The driver to the side of me, I let pull ahead, get behind him and switch lanes and I'm out of the cramped up, uncomfortable, gettin' on my nerves situation! LOL!!I'm darn patient as long as they move along.. . What you describe is known as "The Mexican Roadblock" where I live and  I have found a way to foil it.. Split the lane and give them the finger as they get small in the rearview.How does one quantify patience?i don't drive but if i did i would tell them to get out of my way
Lifes a btch and then you die so roll that shit and lets get high. Purple haze, Skunk and Kush Some call it weed some call it bush some call it trees some call it green but whatever you say smokers know what you mean The cops hate it but its just a flower DAMN THIS SOME GOOD SHT I BEEN HIGH FOR HOURSIt is not the meaning of life that your asking, "Why am I suposed to be alive?"  Your suposed to be alive so that you can know Jesus and serv him with all of your heart, soul, and mind.  If you ever find out what  this means, then you will most definitely know what life is about.42motorcycles and sex. food and beer are good tooLiving your life in happiness and being a servant for Jesus.According to Wikipedia, the meaning of the word life:. . Life is a multi-faceted concept that may refer to the ongoing process of which living things are a part or the period between fertilisation or mitosis and death.42?i dont know, but when you figure it out let me know.life-something you liveMotorcycles.Well it must have something to do with motorcycles, or you wouldn't have put it in this category.The philosophical question "What is the meaning of life?" means different things to different people. The vagueness of the query is inherent in the word "meaning", which opens the question to many interpretations, such as: "What is the origin of life?", "What is the nature of life (and of the universe in which we live)?", "What is the significance of life?", "What is valuable in life?", and "What is the purpose of, or in, (one's) life?". These questions have resulted in a wide range of competing answers and arguments, from scientific theories, to philosophical, theological, and spiritual explanations.You see... life has no real "meaning." . . We were either placed on this earth for some greater being's amusement, or nature ran it's course and we evolved from other creatures - whichever way you want to look at it. . . And if you really think about it, everyone's life is different. We have so many different types of people in the world. Some people believe that their goal is to preach and spread a certain religion. Others want simply to help other people, while some just want to make lots of money and get rich. . . I believe that if there was a "meaning of life" it would be the one thing each person wants to live for, the one most important thing that makes each person happy. . . =)to follow God's plan. and have a pesonal relationship with him.  read the bible it tells the whole story.BUUURRRRRRRRRRRRP! (Echoes)to be happy and love people like you love yourself... y is this under motorcycles again?Gain knowledge, love and raise a family, and prove to Heavenly Father that you are faithful.. . We were put on this earth to make decisions and have freedoms. He wants us to live with him again, and is giving us a chance to redeem ourselves and make our own decisions.. . Gain knowledge, make memories, love, and be happy in the end. That's what God wants, and that's what everyone needs. *smiles warmly*Just..to be.Happyness if you find that then you found the path and life you were ment to haveHaving the fastest bike.No real offense to anyone but,,,, Forget all that other rambling. Cheryl Crowe stated that religion is the smile on a dog. I believe Life, and it's phases, contradictions, moments of joy, no matter how brief, need no definitions. Submit to the flow and allow the Universe to take care of the details.. .    In the category you submitted to, it's FREEDOM, mostly of choice. It's a smile as you cruise the path ahead, the bugs on your face, the Sun causing you to brown, The rain cleansing and cooling you, the questions that may never be answered that we can't stop asking, the detours we take,,,BY Choice, the experiences along the way, we archive and savor long after.. .     "The "Journey" is often as fulfilling, as any "Destination". . Rev. StevenLive for today.... Plan for tomorow.... and Hope for the next day.to stay alive and spread love. the 1st day we born we were crying but it'll be great that till the last second of our life...we leave this world with our pride and maximum satisfaction.life is what you make it and how you want it to be. you are the master of your own fate. so each of us lives different lives from one another
Fastest way..........call your local brake shop and ask! Just tell them the year, make and model. . Slow way...........jack up the car, remove one front, and one rear wheel, and look!go to autzone and give them your make,year and maybe type of engineCall Napa or another auto parts store.  Give them the make and model and they should be able to tell you.Take it to a auto shop and they will tell you.check the ones that are on there now.Um well u look!! The u say hay that looks like boots or disks!!!!If you're talking about pads, the store that you buy them from looks them up for you. If you're talking about type, you just look at them and the difference is obvious.Ask like Auto Zone or something....give them the year and make of your car andhey will tell you.Either you take the wheel off, and read on the old brake pad, or take the old brake with you to the Spares shop and show them!Visit any auto parts store and give them the year,make,and model  of your car.it has a handbrake, yes? you can tell which brakes it has by looking behind the wheels. You can easily see them.
I agree with the previous posts. Starting off an airilne (even a small one) costs millions thats **MILLIONS**. Most airline are almost bankrupt these days and sadly many newer ones are going under every day. You need to sit dow with a financial planner to see what the best opton is for you. Investors are what you need. Maybe try looking for another person like you (preferabl y a rich person) that wants to start an airline aswell. A partnership would make things alot easier!Uhm... basically  get a plane, a hangar, a good GOM, pilots, mechanics, and a good marketing system.  There;s more to it obviouslyFirst off you need to get your comercial pilets lisence because private is just for you to fly freinds and not for money get a loan find wiling employes that are qualifed then contact the faa at    www.faa.govStart with the ATR's. They are good for regional flights. Then you can use the Embraer 195 and the Boeing 737 or the A320. You can start also with a Cessna Grand Caravan.If your not independenly wealthy,we're talking millions here,you will need to find some wealthy investors who believe in you and your buisiness plan.Pray a lot,and keep believing in your self and God's grace and promises.you can do this. Hope my belief and encouragement help.I think the first place to start is the NBAA - the National Business Aviation Association, Inc. at  http://www.nbaa.org/. . You should become a member I think that membership in NBAA is an essential part of being a successful business aircraft operator. The links below highlight just a few of their unique Member benefits. NBAA was founded to help companies like yours be more successful in their business aircraft operations and to help support our ability to fly. With your support, joining that of more than 7,000 NBAA Member Companies, you too, can help to make a difference. . .  An invitation to join from NBAA President and CEO Ed Bolen (116 KB)  .  The Political Challenges We Face (56 KB)  . . America's Business Aviation Association . Government Representation . Industry Best Practices . Operational Resources & Technical Assistance . Promotion of Business Aviation's Value . Learning Opportunities . Conventions & Regional Forums . . Also there are lots of articles that would help for example: . . NBAA Releases Certification of Commercial Aircraft Operations Resource. June 12, 2006. NBAA has released a new Members-only article titled "Certification of Commercial Aircraft Operations – Which Rules Apply?" This publication provides insight into the requirements for certification as a commercial operator under Part 119 as well as the differences between operations conducted under Parts 135, 125 and 121. It also highlights some of the key issues affecting operators under each of those parts. Download the resource.. . Hope this helps ... happy flying to all!!Oh wow... you have my sympathy.!. . I thought about starting up a small airline once, until a good friend pointed out that the only way to have an airline and a million dollars in the bank... was to start out with THREE million dollars.. . Good luck.!The best way to make a small fortune in aviation, is to start with a large fortune. . . Starting an aviation company requires a lot of money... and a lot of knowledge. However the FAA is there to assist... unfortunatly.. they are currently under funded... and this may cause some issues. Contact your local FAA.I'd say start with a plane like the B1900D or CUnfortunately it looks like you know more about this topic then anyone else on here.  All I know is that I would love to start my own airline company someday.  Also, I am a commercial pilot and would like to start at a job like the one you are explaining.  flyingguy001@yahoo.com. Good luckIf I were you I would consider a business partner. It seems you know a lot about the planes and how to run that end but if you are not business savvy, your company will suffer, and likely not "make it off the ground". Find someone to be be more of a general manager and form an LLC at the minimum. Give this person stake in the business and make sure they have the same objectives as you but want to fulfill the business end not the operations end.. Good luckI'm an experianced pilot at all levels of aviation both civilian and military.  My advice...Run, run away fast and never look back.  especially if your hard earned money is at stake.At one of my homebases, there is a certificate on the wall saying they are an authorized charter service - they have a Cessna 210 that they use to make hops from ONZ to 3W2 (Put-in Bay Island on Lake Erie) in Michigan.  I'm sorry, I don't know the exact name of the certificate, but it already sounds like you are on the right track.  The FBO that offers this - their site is www.brooklynair.net - ask for Rick.
Steel wheels 80-90 ft lbs. Aluminum or alloy 80 ft lbs use a torque wrench...80 ft- lbsFour.I don't have an owner's manual in front of me but I would say close to 95 lb/ft of torque
The Supra was discontinued for the same reason any car is -not enough demand to make it profitable. The Supra was quickly becoming a very expensive car for it's class when it was discontinued (to the tune of $40,000), much the same way the RX-7 was when it was cancelled. Toyota has not released any official plans for a new Supra - meaning any chance of seeing it next year is nil. If they started planning for a new Supra today, it would probably be model year 2009 or 2010 before it was in showrooms, although they could possibly rush it using an existing platform, like the one for the Lexus IS series, which they ARE planning a high-performance version of, but the use of the name 'Supra' for that car is in doubt.cuz they are junkThey will still sell them, as long as it's based on the 93-98's the older ones were pretty stupid.They couldn't sell that type of the car like they used to do.. Wagon is now popular .. And also at the exhaust gas part ,they couldn't pass the limit line.. Same reason,Nissan stopped making Skyline.. . But it seems it's true that the new model is coming next year.. . That's what I heard.Supra's a junk?  My God, the sheer stupidity of people around here amazes me.  Toyota is making a Supra for 2007, and they haven't decided to go with Toyota or Lexus badging, but they would prefer Toyota bacause of the legacy of the Toyota Supra.  Also, Nissan only stopped making Skylines VERY recently, like 2003 or something, and in 2007, they are making a new one that will be released in America.  Its a NISSAN Skyline GT-R, and it will be Nissan, NOT Infinity.I think that car is dangerous.Because Supra is the most fast car in sport car.Yes, it is true. Look for the new Supra to appear in 2007/2008 and likely be rebadged as a Lexus model. The price is estimated at around 60,000-70,000.i dunno look on their website they don't seem to have anything in the concept car section......i believa they stopped to work on makeing a updated model becasue dritfing is becomeing a huge deal over there, and now its spilling into the U.S.A.
DO NOT USE CHEMICALS ON ALUMINUM!  THEY WILL PIT & DISCOLOR IT, CHANGING COMPOSITION OF METALS!   TRY BEAD BLASTING!  (SIMILAR TO SAND BLASTING)....  GOOD LUCK!right on with the paint stripper, though i would remove the tire for sure, solvents and rubber don't mix well. most paints also need a scuffed surface to bond to, possibly even a primer depending on your particular product.We used paint stripper.   Use a paint brush to heavily coat the area of paint to be removed, and give it enough time to work (check directions of can).  DON'T get any on your hands as it burns pretty quickly and do it in a well ventilated area!  As the stripper works you'll see the paint start to bubble up and will be easy (or should be) to just wipe off.  Try not to get any on the tires.  For any tough areas, use a soft piece of wood, such as Starbucks stir sticks, to gently rub.  If you like the polished look of your wheels now, use a polishing agent to buff.  But, it you're repainting you will need to remove the tire from the rim.  . . P.S. Don't expect to get this done quickly.  We've done about 6 bikes this way and they all took about 6 hours and some paint was more stubborn than others!Paint stripping chemicals are the way to go. Be very careful with the stuff, as it is extremely caustic and has lethal fumes.. By all means, remove the tire from the rim both for stripping and repainting. The stripping stuff will damage the tire compound, and it is preferable to have some overlap on the paint over the rim.
tar roads are easily spoiled in rains and natural calamity. concrete roads are less affected.. tar roads are fast constructed. concrete roads are time taking to be made up... concrete roads are smooth so highways are made up with it. tar roads are not so smooth so internal roads of the city are made with it... hope u got it now..tar is cheaper than concrete. Plus concrete lasts longer and has less maintenance. The roads traveled the most is usually concrete.
look at the dash. does it have many blinking figurea, and does one of them look like an engine? if it does, it's got one.and u shouldn't start the engine until they ALL turn offmost new cars come with immoblizer built in but i guess a grage would be able to tell u probaly just by askingIf you look at the dash where the speedometer is, when you take the key out it should blink. They all do. I have a 05Call the dealer and ask them to run the vin, they should be able to tell you.Three ways;. . See whether a red light blinks on dash near windscreen on drivers side.. . Open up the fuse box to see a fuse named engine-immobilizer.. . Ask a friendly car thief.. . Good Luck!Get a new key cut at a hardware store, leave the old key in your house and try to start the car.  Should just crank over but not start.
that question is really vague, more info...are you trying to match a pcm to a different engine?There is a reason for it not to match up. The computer would not work for this engine. In order to do this swap you need the complete engine wiring harness and the ECM (Computer) from the donor car.
An engine that has a turbocharger on it.A turbocharger is an exhaust gas-driven compressor used to increase the power output of an internal-combustion engine by increasing the amount of oxygen entering the engine by compressing air that is entering the engine. A key advantage of turbochargers is that they offer a considerable increase in engine power with only a slight increase in weight.an engine that supports a turbo. . a turbo is a device that forces air in to the engine burning fuel faster in result getting more horsepower usually from low rpmThe power produced by Turbocharged engines is far higher than most normally aspirated engines of the same type or capacity. . . Obviously the reasons for this are the fact that forced induction is helping the engine breathe easily, and as long as the fuel supply keeps pace with the extra air, more power for that given displacement is produced at the same RPM's. . . Because of the extra power easily produced by the turbo, most manufacturers seem to not optimize the the two most important elements of the capacity for an engine to breathe.  . . These being the air induction side and the exhaust side. . To simply turn up the boost is not the best way to enhance the power out put of a factory stock Turbo car. . . The first thing to do is improve the flow of air into and out of any engine.      How Turbochargers Work    . When people talk about race cars or high-performance sports cars, the topic of turbochargers usually comes up. Turbochargers also appear on large diesel engines. A turbo can significantly boost an engine's horsepower without significantly increasing its weight, which is the huge benefit that makes turbos so popular! . in this article, we'll learn how a turbocharger increases the power output of an engine while surviving extreme operating conditions. We'll also learn how wastegates, ceramic turbine blades and ball bearings help turbochargers do their job even better. . . Turbochargers are a type of forced induction system. They compress the air flowing into the engine. The advantage of compressing the air is that it lets the engine squeeze more air into a cylinder, and more air means that more fuel can be added. Therefore, you get more power from each explosion in each cylinder. A turbocharged engine produces more power overall than the same engine without the charging. This can significantly improve the power-to-weight ratio for the engine . In order to achieve this boost, the turbocharger uses the exhaust flow from the engine to spin a turbine, which in turn spins an air pump. The turbine in the turbocharger spins at speeds of up to 150,000 rotations per minute (rpm) -- that's about 30 times faster than most car engines can go. And since it is hooked up to the exhaust, the temperatures in the turbine are also very high. . . The Basics. One of the surest ways to get more power out of an engine is to increase the amount of air and fuel that it can burn. One way to do this is to add cylinders or make the current cylinders bigger. Sometimes these changes may not be feasible -- a turbo can be a simpler, more compact way to add power, especially for an aftermarket accessory. . Turbochargers allow an engine to burn more fuel and air by packing more into the existing cylinders. The typical boost provided by a turbocharger is 6 to 8 pounds per square inch (psi). Since normal atmospheric pressure is 14.7 psi at sea level, you can see that you are getting about 50 percent more air into the engine. Therefore, you would expect to get 50 percent more power. It's not perfectly efficient, so you might get a 30- to 40-percent improvement instead. . . One cause of the inefficiency comes from the fact that the power to spin the turbine is not free. Having a turbine in the exhaust flow increases the restriction in the exhaust. This means that on the exhaust stroke, the engine has to push against a higher back-pressure. This subtracts a little bit of power from the cylinders that are firing at the same time. . . High Altitudes. A turbocharger helps at high altitudes, where the air is less dense. Normal engines will experience reduced power at high altitudes because for each stroke of the piston, the engine will get a smaller mass of air. A turbocharged engine may also have reduced power, but the reduction will be less dramatic because the thinner air is easier for the turbocharger to pump. . . Older cars with carburetors automatically increase the fuel rate to match the increased airflow going into the cylinder
First, contact the GM District Representative- your dealer can put you in touch with him/her. If that doesn't work, contact the GM Headquarters for the division that made your car.Buy a Honda...the same as every place else..realize that the computer can't diagnose you.. a live person has to take that information and diagnose you... . Do you go to a doctor and say, hey doc, know you went to school for many years but I want to be hooked up to that machine and tell me what's wrong with me? . . Same difference... It's using the tools to diagnose a problem.. there is no computer that will diagnose a car and tell you what wrong with it.
write the price on the window and leave it parked in an area  with high people traffic or go to a second hand dealer.  Finally check out the scmp classifeds.,  The chinese e paper also have something similarwrite the price on the windowtry this  http://www.craigslist.org/ ... (pick your city)..it rocks, and it's freeask a china man.
Ford Mustang or Chevy Corvette.. . They are the only ones to have survived since their inceptions.My personal favorite is the 1970 Cuda.. . Looks, performance, rarity, design.Modern production muscle--meaning it came from the factory hotrodded out?. . I'd have to say Unique Performance's GT 500 E Super Snake:. http://www.uniqueperformance.com/supersnakeGT500E.aspx. . Good in a straight line and not much else--but what a nice straight line they make!1970 Chevelle SS 454 LS6, 450 Horsepower, with Muncie M-22 "Rockcrusher" transmission.  Highest factory rated horsepower of any 60's/70's era muscle car.Thats easy. Its the Plymouth Roadrunner.Check out the new Camaro.  400 hp and a Mustang eater!!!'67 Corvette tri-power.  It has been the most sought after classic since the late 70's.  Even more so than 57 chevies, or any camaro, chevelle, or mustang.1970 Plymouth super bird , the highest horse power for production car ever put outMustang because it is fast.69 Camaro with a 396/425 HP Big Block Chevy, and just for joy and juice a Paxton Blower, a 5:13 rear end, 10-T Rock Crusher, M-50s on the back end. And, yes, it get 8 miles to the gallon when you drive it carefully, but stomp on it and that *bi*ch* FLYS! . . #2 would be in the same class, but it is a Factory Car, the 1971 Chevelle SS, 350 CID, Turbo Hydromatic, 4:11 rear end, again the big M-50. 11 MPG/City 17/MPG Highway. Punch it and all they are going to see is your tail lights. . . Blew away an AMC Javelin with mine way back when. Heh heh heh. He chased me all over the north side of Chicago.Lots of muscle cars look the same, that's why my pick is the Corvette Stingray.Mustangs have the house power, the muscle, and just have a great look.  I remember, just to ride in one, and hear the engine roar, WOW!  it really was exciting!  Chevy's just don't have the same pizazz as Mustangs do.  I sure love th early look.  65, 66, too too sexy!Pontiac Grand Am is the last of the muscle cars. So I'll go with Pontiac. Dodge Charger 1977 is great too.a 1971 hemi  dodge challenger,with a super-charger,factory horse-power rating was 525 horse-power with over 400 ft pounds of torque at the rear wheels,,estimated speed,,,i,ll put it this way,it registers 160 mph,,and i broke the speedo- cable at 158-mph,and my passenger had to change his pants,,when we got back home,this car has no add on,s what so-ever,except for a different set of wheels.Ford Mustang. I'm just kidding. I don't know anything about domestics.1969 COPO Camaro.It has no racing stripes or emblems revealing it's very potent 427. It pulls up to you at the stop light and you think hey it's a pansy ass little 6 cylinder but boy when the light turns green he will blow your doors off.1970 Chevelle SS LS6 450 hp - was underated for insurance purposes.i'm 57 yrs. old, was a real gearhead,look into the early cobra,s before the mustang. don't remember the figure but it went 0 to 100mph to a complete stop in record time. it could keep up with a farare on the track. came with 289cu, 427cu, and i think a428cu. 427 had 2 4barrels 425hp1969 MACH1 Mustang.There is no other muscle car!!!!GTO the first true muscle car..............lamborghini because it can go about 211 mph
You need an adapter that has gears in it to simulate a tape being played. It's sensing the "take-up real" not moving so it assumes the tape is done and flips.i could tell you how to fix it but why would i??? unless you are begining a new career in electronics i'd let a professional do it. quit trying to be a tight wad and spend the money to have it fixed right. everybody wants a cheep easy shortcut   :(auto reverse on a tape deck usually only works when the tape stops. i would check my cassette adaptor and make shure both of the wheels are spinning. also try pushing the fast foward and rewind buttons in at the same time. or you could just upgrade that good ole tape deck to a mp3-cd-radio receiver. do they even make cassette tapes any more? lol
I am not sure what you want, so here goes.. 1) about $50. 2) about 3 feet. 3) 12 volts.It really depends on the motorcycle as to the height of the battery. Some bikes take a smaller battery may only be 3 inches high where others are over 6 inches high. Then also you have varing widths as well as depths.High? Off the ground? Or do you mean what's the voltage? Usually 12v. Some old ones might be 6v. Count the caps where you check the fluid level. (There's one per cell.) Multiply by 2. That's the nominal voltage of that battery.When you buy a battery; buy a battery tender (wall plug charger).  Your battery will last 5 years instead of 1 year.  If you strore your bike for winter season; disconnect the battery so that you dont drain it.  There is a chance your bike might have a load on it which will most certainly drain the battery.  With battery tender, you need to plug it in, but you don't have to worry about disconnecting it during winter season.  . . I guess batteries cost $50-$100, but I bet they cost a hell of a lot more for BMWs or HarleysDepends on how much weed it has smoked!Go to a battery specialty shop that sells nothing but batteries, they start around 40 buck on up to 100.Anywhere between $55 and $105 and that is only with a 1 yr warr.From 60 -100 dollars new
Hey Hey you are lost, you must try the Computers section of the Yahoo Answers.......!!!. Go there and rephrase your question...WTF does this have to do w/cars? Much less Honda's?
It is impossible.  May as well get a new car or risk being charged for manslaughter if you get pulled over.  These draconian laws can be brutal.Go to the DMV and request a duplicate.You have to contact the DMV for the state that you live in.  You should be able to go to your local driver license center and apply for a new registration card.  Or your states DMV may have a website that you can apply for it online.How did you get  a license if you cant figure this out?go to the dmv and they will charge you for a new onedepending on your state,  you go to the DMV or your county court house.  ( basicly you go back to where you registered your car at, and they can issue you a new one ( for a small fee of course)go to your local department of motor vehicles or . department of finance and administration and file for another one, there is like a 2-7 dollar fee I thinkgo to the DMVGo online to MVA and your state .com there is a place on there for the steps to replacing a lost registration. You will need your license number and the vin of the car and the tag number.Go to your state's motor vehicle center.I had my stolen had to go to the DMVgo to the place you get your drivers license...bring money.d m vThe DMV can get you another one, you just have to pay for it.take your title to the bureau of motor vehicles (where you go to get your plates re-newed)  They can make a new registration with your title
Consumer reports. It is about 8 highway, 5 city.It ranges from 6-11 mpg.  My co-worker has one becasue he has a small D!ck.the h1 gas probably gets about 12 or 13, the h2 (suv and sut) get right at 12 for overall mileage, and the h3 gets around 20, with the 5 speed manual and remember the h1 production stops as of today (ends in june) so no more h1's, only humvees from the h1 plants...mileage also depends on the driver and their driving ways and the regular maintenance of the engine and tires and other fluidsIf you can afford one,how much gas they use is immaterialIf you have to ask you cant afford itVery poor they are such ponderous beastsgo to http://www.autos.yahoo.com then on new cars look up hummer and select model, you should b able 2 get the fuel economy, or if u want to know the exact link for the hummer h3 click here http://autos.yahoo.com/newcars/model/overview.html;_ylt=Ar6_6Kix.owkfd8hOxf_0i4Ec78F?modelId=4322 then for the hummer h2 i have the info, its a 6.0 liter v8,the fuel economy is 12 City / 16 Highway. the fuel tank can hold up to 32 gallons, so ull probably have to spend about 80 dollars to fill the full tank up,these are 100% guaranteed correct answers.10-12 highway. ouch i knowAre you kidding? If you have to ask then you shouldn't drive one! . . Mileage would not be your first concern with one of those. Get a Honda if you want mileage.Get ready for the pain.. 12 City / 16 Highway.     This is based on a 2005 H2.. . The link I added below is from car and driver.
The American racing color for the Grand Pr ix races in Europe was blue and white. White stripes made it easier to wear both colors. The Shelby GT 350 wore the reverse, white with blue stripes.If stripes are to make them go faster then twin stripes must be to make them go faster faster.the colours of blue and white go back to the 1960's when Carrol Shelby Souped up the AC cobra. This tradition has passed through Generations to give cars the "fast souped up "look of yesteryear.They are racing stripes, which is suppose to mimic the racing car heritage of the past.it just gives it style and  they come in different colours
you have to have an auto mechanic to do it.. . it is all controlled by computers in cars now...it's verry simple i used to say the same until i looked in the manual usually you put your key in ignition wait for 20 seconds then turn carn on for another 20 seconds but do not take finger of the button that button is located on your right on the speed ometer is the reset button that cleares itGo to an AutoZone, have them run a test to see why the light is on, (of course because you needed an oil change) then it usually shuts off.Open the glove box, usually there is a button or switch in there.Or maybe instead of getting it to go off, you take it in to get service.  Usually the light goes on for a reason.You can do it yourself, the instructions are in your manual.. . edit: On my girlfriend's 2002, I think I had to hold down the trip meter button, start the car, and keep holding the button down. It should take between 10-20 seconds, sometimes more, sometimes less.or you can unhook your battery for 5 mins that should reset itglock509 is right.There is no key or button and it is very easy.With your ignition in the off position, use your left hand and push the odometer button in and hold it there, now with your right hand turn the ignition to the ready position while still holding the button in and it will then reset itself.It will take you all of ten seconds and you won't have to take it somewhere.unplug the battery cables for about 10 seconds and put them back.  you reset the computer when you do this.take it to auto zone they have a key to shut it off
Huffler is a fishing boat manufacturing company. It is based in Germany and has an excellent reputation.a huffler is the opposite of a  mufflermaybe something from harry potter?
autobytel.com or goapply.comcall up local dealers and see how low they're willing to negotiate.. . if you're looking for used, check the local newspapers for private sales.you might look for a used honda insight, or possibly a used civic hybrid depending on your price range.Go to autotrader.com or yahoo car search, they preaty much same. This way u by chep and with waranty.. Or, if u have somebody with deler licence go to auction - this used car.. . If u wanna buy NEW honda.com - place to go!
gross curb weight.  its the weight of the vehicle.  a wrecker should be over ten thousand pounds or soGCW stands for the Gross Combenation Weight : total weight of a loaded combenation vehicle
As some of the others have stated, if your oil is a "creamy tan goo" on the dipstick, then coolant is getting inside the engine, and will quickly ruin the engine bearings from lack of lubrication. But even if the manifold is only leaking externally, you should still have it repaired in the near future. If you're leaking coolant, you're risking overheating the engine and doing a lot of damage and/or being broke down somewhere. JMHO.Im not sure how to tell if oil is but if you check your oil and it is the normal color but with milky stuff mixed in, it means coolant is getting in.If you are blowing blue smoke in the exhaust (oil) or white smoke (coolant).  Also, monitor your fluid levels.  Think smoke vs steam.Most of the time you can't tell....., the seepage will be so small, the water in the coolant will burn off and leave whats left to eat away at the bearings. Try and find a place that does oil analysis's, this will tell you if you have a coolant leak...... btw, if its a 3.1, 3.4 or 4.3 liter gm v6..... bad gasket design and the introduction of dexcool.... for certain its the intake gasket.... newly designed gaskets have fixed this... you can get the newest gm or felpro gaskets designed to fix this..... dexcool didn't play nice with the old style gasket.check your oil, it will be foamy.  this is nothing to mess with if you do not want to ruin your motor.  it could over heat and crack the manifold, then that is a permenant leak.  you will have to get a manifold too.  wants water gets in, it is hard to clean it out, oil and water get creamy foam.
There's a BIG difference between "GLIDER" and "SAILPLANE".. . A glider goes only one direction: down.. A sailplane can take advantage of air thermals to soar upwards, and have a high glide-to-altitude ratio.. If you want to build a winner, learn the differences in design.Do a search on google for glider models....  sailplane models...  gliding.. soaring.. you'll find some good designs and building ideas there.  I've been gliding for years and I have built some models too... using the right materials makes a big difference... a long wingspan as well allows for more lift to be generated by the wings which will increase it's time aloft.  Make sure you build adjustable elevators and rudder into it too so you can adjust it as necessary.. Good luck!
I can only answer for USA..we don't have seatbelts because they have been deemed a bigger hazzard than wearing a belt.  The seats are designed for impact for kids and if something were to happen (such as the bus flipping and ended up in water, or having an accident and there's a fire),  there's no way for a single bus driver to remove everyone's seatbelt.Do they anywhere else?I don't know of any school buses anywhere that have seat belts in all seats.  Some of the newer ones in the US have belts in the first two seats, but that doesn't help everyone.students will not wear them and they would get hit with other students.school buses in the us dont either    due to their size they are not required besides that a lot of the time some kids dont even have a seat let a lone a belt
It refers to the engine displacement - the amount of space each piston moves through inside the cylinders, multiplied by the number of cylinders.. . The 5.3L V8 has more displacement, meaning that on each piston power stroke it will burn a higher volume of fuel, releasing more energy and therefore producing more power (all other things being equal).. . By the way - is your handle "monkeybacon" a reference to Mockingbird by Walter Tevis?about .6 litersEngine displacement.. . Add up all the volume of what the eight cylinders would be at when they are at the bottom of their stroke and you get the liters of displacement.A liter is 61 cubic inches so do the math and it will give you the  displacementThere the same block one just has smaller pistons. . 4.8 Liter has 285 hp. 5.3 Liter has 295 hpLiter is simply a unit of measure. For example, look on a gallon of milk, it should have a measurement of 3.8 liters. But here in the U.S.A we are not used to measuring in liters, so we just go by the standard measurement, ounces, pints, quarts, gallons and so on. Either engine could be mearsured in gallons but, it would not be a very accurate measurement. The determination of the numerical value is how much liquid does each cylinder displace. The bigger the number the greater the displacement.Liter stand for the volumetric capacity of the cylinders. One 4.7L V8 means that each cylinder has a volume of 0.5875 liters or 35.8514 cubic inches.You multiple litres by 61.02 to get cubic inches. . 4.7X61.02=286 cubic inches. 5.3X61.02=323 cubic inches. . Engine size4.7L and 5.3L refer to the size of the engine.  The bigger the number, the more powerful the engine will be, but it will also likely get poorer gas mileage.  A liter is a unit of volume like a quart, or gallon, but is a unit from the metric system.  That being said, a liter is a little bit larger than a quart.  You may have heard of engine sizes being expressed in cubic inches also - a 302 cubic inch engine is roughly the same as a 5 liter engine.. . BOTTOM LINE:  Get the bigger one.A liter is basically a metric quart and the 4.7 or 5.3 is the total volume of all the cylinders combined.  A 5.3L is also a 305 cu.in. motor in traditional terms.Engines used to be measured in cubic inch displacement in the U.S. and liters in almost all other countries.  The U.S. finally changed to liters.  A 5.3 is a bigger engine than a 4.7.  A liter is about 61 cubic inches, so your 4.7 is a 286 cubic inch and the 5.3 is about 323 cubic inches.  The liter itself is a metric unit of measurement..6
If you are concerned with new tires without tubes then tire companies store them in a shed in a cool place piled one over one so that fire tenders reach them easily in case of any mishap.. . If you are concerned with the four tires on your vehicle the visit these three sites---excellent information:lay them on their side and stack them. leave air pressure as required by the manufacturer. dont store outside if it is going to be for more than a couple of months.your first answer is good keep out of sun light but don't leave full of air, air has moister in it so leave a little air in it, like a air compressor they all have a drain plug to get the watter out,  to maintain rubber memory need just a few pounds in it and store in a well ventilated cool inviorment and if laying on side put something down like wood cause cement will rot the tire in long term, concrete is always wet and will rot if set a long time on concrete or black top, put wood or a pallet, or do wha tthey always did in the old days take off the rims and completly wrap in somthingturn them upside down
its possible that the switch that turns on the brake lights (usually near the brake pedal) needs adjustment-the brake pedal could be hitting the switch all the time not just when you are braking. otherwise its an electrical short in the switch or the wiring somewhere between the lights themselves and the switch. good luck!There are a few possibilities:. 1) Your brake pedal doesn't have enough "free play", meaning that it's constantly touching the brake light switch (or the switch itself may be sticking);. 2) Your parking brake is on, slightly, even though the indicator light might not be on; or. 3) Your caliper piston(s)/wheel cylinders are binding, causing them to be constantly applying your brakes.  (If so, you would feel a drag on the wheel that is locking that wasn't there before your problem started.). . There are a couple more, but the easiest way to solve the problem would be to take your car into a reputable shop to have a complete brake inspection done.  You have a serious problem that should be looked at by a knowledgeable mechanic.Some How or other the switch is Sticking. Use either Graphite Powder or a Penetrating oil such as W-D 40. This can be Purchased at an Auto Parts Store. The Switch is Located on the Firewall where the Brake arm Hits it.The brake light switch, located on the brake pedal is broken, easy to fix.. . Here is just one place you can buy a new one online, any auto parts store will have one.. . The second link has a picture of where the switch is.
It works as a fluid activated coupling between your engine and your transmission.The fluid being" transmission fluid".Anyway , as your engine increases rpm's from an idle ,usually around 700 rpm's , the torque converter activates.O.K. ,it looks like two round cake pans fused together.Inside it has spiraling fan blades in each half .As the fluid is churned by the engine rpms the opposing blades connected directly to the engine causes the fan blades in the half of the converter connecting to the transmission to turn , hence converting torque. What generally happens is that these blades wear down over time and/or break off.Your car may jerk at red lights or simply not move unless you really give it the gas.my advice stop driving immediately those broken blade parts will migrate through the fluid into the tranny and ruin it as well.this is the major cause of tranny failure.If you mash the gas pedal and your car sets still but eventually moves then it is probably that. Make sure that the engine and transmission are warm and check the transmission fluid.It will do that if the fluid is low also. If it smells burnt then it may very well be your torque converter.The torque converter is what engages and dis-engages the transmission and engine. At idle it moves the trans back just enough so the car does not die. Once you apply gas the converter spins and engages the trans all the way. If you have ever driven a stick shift car and forgot  to put the clutch in as you come to a stop and the car kind of lurches forward and the engine ends up stalling that what the convert keeps from happening.When it goes out the car could do 2 things stall when you come to a stop or slip when you take off. Kind of an unusual problem though.Go here to read all about it, it does the same in all cars.. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torque_converterwithout a torque convertor your tranmsision will have problems because in contril ans equalizes the energy in the car. It is possible to have loss of power and if bad may not even move. COST COULD BE HIGH.Think of a plate with fins facing another plate with fins encased in a water tight enclosure with oil in it.. Do an image search on Yahoo or Google, you'll see what I mean.  Anyway, the oil is leaking out and is starting to fail.A torque converter is the "fluid drive" between engine and transmission. If it is broken, you can get it replaced with a new or rebuilt one.
the thermostate is broken  and i dont mean the little gauge inside the cars dashboard. its under the hood.   once u replace that the gauge inside the cars dash will start to move again and act normal. it should only cost about a hundred dollars  total for parts and labor.You have either a failed guage, a failed temperature sensor, or a broken sensor wire.. . Get this repaired, it's important to know engine temp in order to avoid overheating and detect a problem with the engine's thermostat.Well, then, fix it.  It may be broken since it stays at the same reading after sitting up overnight.  A good operating vehicle will rise to a certain temperature during driving based on what temperature of a thermostat you have in the car, and, assuming everything's operating alright, the gauge will stay in one position all during your operating of it.  But if it stays at the same reading after resting overnight, I'd give it a thump or two with my finger, nothing so serious that you'd break the glass or otherwise damage the gauge, and if nothing happens, go get it repaired or replaced.  Even if a thump or two fixes the problem, watch for the gauge to stick again and consider going for a repair or replacement.  It's good your paying attention to such matters.  The life of your car, and the health of your budget, requires you take care of problems while they're small and relatively inexpensive.Don't try to fix a problem that ain't there mate...if the car is running well just let it be...Either the sending unit, or the gauge is bad. If should not be expensive to replace either. If the gauge is bad, you can get one from a junkyardIf it does not move, it probably means its broken by the year of the car. you probably got your money's worth. go ahead and get it fixed. that part cant cost that much.
It is just a cute little button that makes you feel like you got da power! Kinda like a warp speed button, or a chang-o button in the batmobile.with an overdrive you got a torque converter clutch and when its engaged you are more like coasting and it saves gas,when you go on the interstate put it in overdrive and set the cruise and you save gas cause it takes the strain off the motor and trans.It shifts into a higher gear, therefore getting better gas mileage.. Never use overdrive while towing anything.Overdrive in a manual or automatic transmission is that point where the gear transmission system moves in tandem with the cars engine power. After engaging up to ( eg gear NO. 5 ) the available transmission gears, to enable the car give you maximum speed, the manufacturers enable the  transmission system to override the normal gearing ratio to power ratio.just an extra gear...but i always did love fooling around with the overdrive  button!. . RRRRR!Overdrive is an extra (high) gear for highway traveling. It saves GAS!Its basically another gear.  If you need extra power, then you shouldnt be in overdrive.how old are you!!??It enables gears and the potential energy of your transmission that lets your vehicle use less power.Overdrive is an oversized gear that causes the engine to operate at a low rpm and its so large usually that even cars with alot of torque have trouble accelerating quickly in this gear. Never pull anything in this gear as your motor will be under way to much strain. It causes the motor to have a larger bind on the crank shaft, and it requires more force and a bigger explostion from the cylinders to move it. Ive seen a moron which will remain nameless ;) "they know who they are" j/k blow a head gasket and almost blew up more,... they didnt even realize that when the motor pings from detonation... its bad.. . Supposedly... the overdrive gear is so large that the motor will never reach the end of it... but I dunno... and endless circle that is physical, and fits in the transmission ;). . Foremost its a highway gas saver, for when your cruising and dont need to move the gas pedal, and going faster isnt top priority, or pulling,. Its the same in a standard car... some have 1-4 plus overdrive. some have 1-5 plus overdrive. and alot of other combos... . less power used for coasting in overdrive. more used for acceleration. more used for pulling.... its only for cruisingAfter you have reached a high cruising speed, overdrive maintains it without using up a lot of gas.It means the same thing in auto and manual transmissions, they both have a high gear that is overdriven, or less than 1-1. Normally high gear will provide a 1-1 ratio, when you overdrive it you run say 3/4-1 so the engine rpm is reduced to conserve fuel.it locks the out put planetaries in effect giving a direct drive line, it is like having extra high gearsOverdrive refers to a gear that is less than a 1 to 1 ratio.It means the axle is rotating more than the engine has to turn.. or something like that.
You are looking at about 17 city 21 hwy if you run high test.less than 20mpghow can you even use those two things in the same sentence:. fuel economy / cadillac.... HA HA HAhahaahahaaaaa. . you will get around 12 in town & 18 on the freeway . . 36 if you are coasting downhill. . & . . 78 if you push it with the engine on.not good
If there is a bulge or ripple in the tread pattern on any tire, especially the front,the culprit, belt separation can easily case shaking above a certain speed and lead to dangerous blowouts..  Unbalanced tires can lead to sympathetic vibrations at specific speeds, but warped rims (from hitting speed bumps or curbs) also cause vibrations and could shake loose weights, masking the problem..  Warped brake rotors, caused by overheating while braking, may scrape at low speeds and build into a shake at cruise. This condition wears out all brake components prematurely, and can cause excessive wear on connected suspension/ transmission parts.. A tire & brake shop can handle any of that work, but you'll need objective recommendations from friends on which one is best in your area.It may be out of alignment or tire might be lowIt may be that your car either needs an alignment or perhaps the tires themselves may be old or worn. Check to make sure your tires don't have a bubble appearing, that happened to me.cheap car...also be smart not a retard,don't ask yahoo-ers questions about your car ask mechanics!!!!! its your life your talking about.It is your guardian angel reminding you to slow down.Balance your tires, they cause vibrations, not alignments; however, it is very imp[ortant to re-align your car after making front end repairs such as tie rod ends, as you will shred your tires quickly if you dont.unbalanced tires. or bent rimSounds like now you have bad ball joints.  Usually lower.  Depends on the vehicle.  All car mftrs are using soft metals these days.  Good luck.u got lot of correct advices , so no advice frm me , just provide with 2 points yaarHere's the CORRECT answer. For starters, you need to take the vehicle to a competent mechanic to have the condition of the rest of the front end parts inspected. Then, assuming your friend didn't botch the tie rod job, you should have the front end aligned. Also, you should have all 4 tires checked for proper balance. . . If the front end's been aligned, all 4 tires are balanced, and it STILL vibrates, then you may have another bad component in your front end....ball joints, inner tie rods, idler arm, etc.. . But first of all, take it in and have someone who knows what they are doing inspect the front end, without delay, and don't drive at highway speeds until you do, or you can do damage to the car, and potentially to yourself if something breaks.. . Hope this helped.FIRST OF U KNOW WHAT IS WRONG WITH  IT .. FORD. BUT ENOUGH OF THAT . YES ALIGNMENT CAN BE THE PROBLEM AND IT DO NOT HAVE IT TAKEN CARE OF THEN IT IS DANGEROUS TO DRIVEMy boyfriend had the SAME EXACT PROBLEM you know what happened a week or so after it started shaking!!!  His tire blew on the highway, burning rubber.. the tire melted right there in front of us.   The shaking only happened when he was going over 65.  When was the last time you had your tires changed?  Hope you have AAA!. And it was a volvo, it can happen to any car!Make sure the tires have the proper inflation, and are balanced. Have the alignment checked, and also have someone check your ball joints and shocks/struts. . It can be dangerous, but it will also cause your tires and other suspension components to wear prematurely.You changed tie rod ends without getting an alignment?. . Silly you.. . Get an align and balance.ERIC G had a lot of the same ideas I had, but he missed one.  It could be the drive shaft, along with any of the other things people have said on here.  But if you try to fix all of this stuff at once, it will cost you a fortune.  So please have someone figure out what exactly is wrong before you start throwing parts at it.  I love my Lincoln (Ford product), so don't talk smack about these lovely cars.Go and get your front end check outAlignment and unbalanced tires.Tire balance (or cupping if it has been unbalanced for a long time). You may also have too much lash on the wheel bearings (although rare).most likely your tires are out of balance or your car is out of alignment.    OR you could have a tire that is about to go on you - happened to me once. Better get it checked out.Ya its cuz u drive a ford sorry.First, check the alignment to see if its off.  Next it could be a wheel weight has come off at some point.  Unless you have hit something recently i don't think it would be a bent rim and depending on how old it is your transmission should be fine.  The danger would come from an uneven wear on your tires after you have been driving on them for awhile causing a blowout.u probably need an alignment ,and u r probably gonna wear tires out fast until u get oneAlignment is the key thogh it could be tires or trannyballance the front tires and put on new shocks or struts if they are shot. That will cure it.Shocks/struts can be worn.  Their damping response may be slowing due to worn seals.  Look at your tires to see if tread wear is uneven around the tire.  Tires with worn shocks will skip or hop on the road creating flat wear spots.Because you need to have your front end aligned.  Any mechanic will tell you that.Bad ball joints, perhaps. Jack up the car so one of the front wheels is off the ground. Then grab the top and bottom of the wheel and see if you can move it backward or forward (meaning top or bottom away and then towards you as you are setting facing the whole wheel). If you can, you have bad ball joints and a mechanic needs to replace them. If it moves quite a lot, don't drive the car to the garage. Have it towed!If you're that scared, maybe you should just stay within the city limits.You car is out of allignment.  Go to have it serviced.
Check with your local BMV or local Police department.  These #'s change at times due to what goes on in the courts.. . Here in Ohio one county made tinting flat up illegal due to an officer being killed by kids in a tinted windowed car.. . To be safe and to not get stuck on the side of the road ripping it off while an officer watches......ask a local officer or BMV.here this is what I found, hope it helps
http://createwebsite.50webs.com/  free traffic, get it all,See the URL for yahoo traffic conditions. Also, depending on where you live however, try looking at the Highway Patrol website. Here's an example of California'scut the bottom of the bottle off and stare through the neck at the streets
Go to AutoZone and pick up a Haynes manual #10425, Automotive Heating & Air Conditioning.  If you read this manual you will get a good understanding of A/C systems.  If you can't get through the manual, then I would have to agree with the other guys, Take it to a pro.. . Good LuckYou need special tools and expertise to do AC repairs. You have two options: 1. get rid of pos all together (preferred) and 2. take to a shop.Take it to a repair shop. I blew out a compressor trying to fix one.
The computer you put in has to be for the same make , model , year, style,tran.,front wheel or rear wheel drive. Also it has to be programed by a Nissan dealership.bad computer? wrong computer ?? maybe
The shape of the transmission pan will identify the transmission.. You can also run the VIN # if you are sure the transmission has not been changed.. A company called ATP (automatic transmission parts) has a great catalog with pan identifications in it.. Most of your parts stores carry this line.what year, make and model vehical is it in?turbo 350 is square pan and a turbo 400 kinda looks like state of illinois. hope that helpsIt comes from a GM car :)
could be penn has a law to have NO cars with rust. Costs more to hide it.bigger populations,more cars make them easier available and cheapermost likely supply is greater than demand. . in NY /NJ there is a massive supply of used cars
I have an 04 stang and I dont see a line on itYes, you can purchase it. It is called a door side molding and is available at your ocal ford dealer. It may need to be painted depending on the year car you have and the paint code.
just unplug it...it is under your hood..most likely...so find it,find the wires that connect,and dissconect them...its very simple and does not require tools...it looks like plug ins connecting each other...you will know it when you see itSounds like you have a short circuit or wiring problem.stop in at a local stereo/alarm type shop. usually they can tell you or at least look at what it is doing and tell you....other than that my suggestion is a pair of wire cutters!!  :)Is this a stock alarm or a bolt-on?. . If it is bolt on, look for a quick-tap in the fuse box or a cable running to the battery (extra, of course) and pull it.. . If it is stock - read your owners manual - it tells you how to do it.
If we were to totally replace gasoline with ethanol it would take over 95% of the land mass in America being entirely devoted to crops. This doesn't even take into account where our food would come from. Ethanol, biodiesel, etc, is all great but it can't completely replace gasoline.MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY BIG OIL MONEY.
There is a hold-down at the bottom of the battery, on the long side of the battery. Loosen the hold-down bolt and lift the battery outARE U SURE ITS A BATTERY?? I DONT THINK CARS RUN ON BATTERIES THESE DAYSthere should be a hold down on the tray that it sets on .  look at the tray in front of battery or mabey at back of batttery should be jost one bolt
would get yourself a good sub/amp first, upgrade your front speakers to the dearest you can afford and amp them instead. its the speakers in the front that the driver hears, and a 500/1000watt sub should pump out enough bass to have the car shakingyou will want a 600 watt amp but to be safe I would go with a little higher wattage amp. If you are trying to put two new speakers in your back shelf where there isnt' places for them you are going to have to custom cut out holes for those speakers. Put all the wires where those are suppose to run though... and just hook it all up to your CD player.
You need a 14 volt adapter.  I will tell you why.  Your car runs 14 volts when it is running and this is what the cd player runs while in the car.  I will tell you from experience that a 12 will not work on some stereos it doesnt push enough power.  If you have an old cordless drill or phone with a powerpack just cut then end off and hook it up to your stereo.  Make sure you connect both power wires to the hot wire and the ground to the other wire.  Goodluck.assuming the stereo is in the car, you could hook up a battery charger, available any auto parts department. If it is in your home the battery charger would work but it isn't all that practical.You need to but a power converter. You can get one at radio shack for under $40.00 that will work great.@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@. . All of the above that state you need a 12 volt adapter are true, what they are failing to say is that it needs to be of considerable amperage as well. See what size fuse is on the radio and match it up with 12 Volt X amps supply. . . Let's say it has a 5 amp fuse. Your power supply would then need to be at least 5 amps as well.. . 1000 mA = 1 A (Some power supplies are rated in this fasion). . Be prepared to spend some $$$ though.. . @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@Go to Radio Shack and pose that question to them. 'Cause at Radio Shack - you've got questions and they've got answers.. . You will need a converter that changes 110 volt ac into 12 volt dc. You will also need some way of connecting your car stereo to the converter. If the converter comes with a recepticle like a cigerette lighter outlet in your car, then you will need to wire-in a cigarette type plug to your stereo (be careful, it matters which way the wires are hooked up!). If the converter doesn't have the recepticle, you might have to put lugs on the ends of the power and ground wires of your stereo.. . Now, if you're powering some amplifiers with your car stereo, you will need more powerful, more sophistcated converters. Check with Radio Shack, they should be able to advise you.. . male, 45, LouisianaYou'll have to use an AC to DC converter that has a 12v output or variable output that includes 12v.just use a battery and charge it when it diesYou need a 12 volt adapter. I dont fully understand what you are doing thoughvery difficult since your house is 110 voltsYou will need to purchase a power inverter that will change 120 volts into 12 volts. These can be purchased at just about any electronics store (Best Buy, Circuit City, Radio Shack, etc.) and are relatively inexpensive. If all you are connecting is a car stereo, a unit with a smaller ampere rating (less than 25 amps) will work just fine. . . These units typically come with a cigarette lighter plug on the face (you can pick up a piece that connects into this and provides you with a 12 volt positive and ground) that will run your radio in your room. If you plan on adding anything additional (amplifier, crossover, TV, etc) to this unit, get one with a much higher ampere rating.You need a 110-12v converter available at most Hardware stores. http://www.homedepot.com/prel80/HDUS/EN_US/jsearch/product.jsp?pn=153963. you will have to wire your stereo with a 12v plug. if it's not permanent make sure your contacts are well insulated from each other.Use an extension cord silly
A toggle or "light switch"  is just an interruption, in a circuit.  Snip a wire to the lights, red, stip wire to attach, anmount toggle in between.  Easy?  Done!one wire from the battery to the switch.  one wire from the switch to the light. one wire from the light to the battery.Is this an electric boat? I would just tie-wrap a rechargable spot light to it and not mess with it..juice in, juice out, lights, then ground.
First, you need a rear-wheel drive car, lots of horse power, light weight, and fairly slick tires. The trick is to get the car sliding sideways and then get into the throttle hard to get the tires spinning.  Then you modulate the throttle just enough so you keep the car sliding, but not spinning out.A REALLY GOOD DRIVER............Great front wheel traction, and no grip in the rear!Rear wheel drive and horsepower.  Yes, you can drift any car..   If you live in a cold climate you can practice on ice or snow, its easy..   This is nothing new. Rally cars and ice racers have been doing it since cars were first raced.lots of naas dont get cought  2 y in jail   beleave i no if u go let me no it is the greatest rush u can ever have with out drugs
Is this the key with the computer chip on it , if so it is a dealer item ,bring your other key with you ,they have a machine that reads your key so they can match it !!i have new impala and the keys came with a code, that i needed to keep if i needed a new set, if not go to the dealershipuh, call a pontiac dealer.....read vin to them....pay shipping.ORDER?  Just take it to a locksmith and have one made.  If the locksmith is not "up-to-current" on the new keys, then go to the dealer and take your key in and have one made.Hey just go up to the pontiac dealership and ask them to order you one it'll probably be under ten dollars. I bought a wrecked grand prix for class and have been to the dealership several times now.You need to go to the dealer with proof of ownership.try going to a dealer or your hardware store may have some keys that will work.
check your owners manual or the actual fuse boxes on the car usually it shows them on the back side of the boxdefinitely get a Haynes manual.  they aren't that expensive, only about 20-30 bucks, but if it seems pricey, consider the money you'll save if you do work on the vehicle yourself instead of taking it to a dealer or shop.The diagram is usually on the door of the fuse box on most vehicles .You need to get a Haynes book to your car it has how to fix everything and has plenty of diagrams.  They are kind of expensive though.
I just turned in my 03 325i lease and had only one problem in the 3 years I owned it. The transmission started downshifting hard when I would approach a stop, they just had to recalibrate the transmission chip. I did get the front and rear brakes replaced but they were covered under warranty and that was a wear item. Overall I loved my car and would wholeheartedly endorse getting one (and yes I did get another BMW).Great car.....costly to maintain if it is kept up to BMW standerds and maintained by a certified BMW technician. I have an 03 with 89K miles. Never a problem but maintenance is a bit costly. It is a true driving machine.Very. I have a 2001 325xi with 126,000 miles and it drives like new. Biggest issue is suspension parts, i.e. ball joints, control arms, but these are normal wear items.i work for a bmw dealership in the parts department...the 3 series is a wonderful car with little problems...the parts can be costly but it is worth it for a bmw...I've a 2000 3 series.  Has 104000 miles and engine runs real good.  No problem at all, touch wood.
I said i was sorry, it was an accident. At least the pie was not hurt.Because the cars are parked on those people.. . Parking an automobile on or over a person may be hazardous to the person and/or the vehicle, although the vehicle generally fares better from the interaction.. . Friends Don't Park their Cars on Other Friends!because they are drunk idiots?Probably because the brake wasn't set.ROFLBecause they took too many drugs?carelessness and a disregard for the property pf othersMy friends mom was telling me about when her sisters blind sheltie ran into a parked car. lol!folks just arent paying attention...lol cause their dumb people that are not looking where they are going lolThey don't get hit by parked cars, they hit parked cars with their bodies because they're too stupid to watch where they're going.. . Society is dying, one moron at a time.because they were late for their Pie F*ckers Anonymous meeting
drive shaft or tranny mountI can't diagnose your sound, but here is a place that might help.  See if you can find the same noise, and if so, you might find out what is going on.  Good luck!. . http://cartalk.com/content/features/Noises/Sounds like a wheel barring to mea dead body in the back?!? . :). go to the dealer u bought it from or to mechanic who specialises in audiLet the guy out of the trunk then take the car to a shop.are you missing any cats or dogs??? lol... j/k  sounds like something caught on or too close to the drive shaft or tranny yoke. or a wheel bearingMaybe someone misplaced a subwoofer that is powered by the rotation of your tires??
Which fan? Radiator cooling fan? Or your blower for your heater/AC? Either way it is probably a stuck relayrelay shorted outI was going to answer but everyone has answered and is correct.Bad temp. sensor or bad relay.  Most likely the temp sensor.Many cars have fans that run after the ignition shuts off because the engine is way too hot and it needs to cool to keep it working properly. Do not worry about it unless it stays on for a LOOONG timeBroken thermostat sensor at the base of the radiator, they default into continuous operation to avoid overheat.BECAUSE YOU HAVE POWER TO IT ..  DUHDepends.. . It's got an electric fan. If you've shut it down hot, it will likely run for a little bit, until the engine is cool -- but it will eventually turn off.. . If, however, it runs all the time, then either the temperature sensor that activates and deactivates the fan is faulty, or the relay that engages and disengages the fan is faulty.
I agreed with the above answerI know when I worked making car/van door window frames the front of the side window was the A, the back of the front door B, C would be the front side of the back door and D the very rear. The parts that go across the top are called headers.When facing the car from the side, the A pillar is the roof support between the windshield and the front edge of the front door.  The B pillar is the roof support between the front door and the rear door.  The C pillar is the roof support at the back of the back door and next to the rear window.Each pillar (or post) is given a letter.... The one holding the windshield is A. Behind the front doors B. behind the back doors (or holding the rear window in a 2 door car) is C.. Goes on till there are no more pillars.The internal pillar bar mounts to your seat belt brackets (across the backseat )to enhance the vehicles handles durring turns by keeping the car in control.
It all depends.. Is it a multiple or single speed bike ?. . If it's a multiple speed bike, most likey the derailers need adjusted. . If you are unfamiliar with this part, it would be best to take it to a bike shop to be adjusted because you can really mess up the shifting operations if you just start changing things. . . Watch the mechanic do it and next time you can do it yourself.Tension has been compromised needs re-adjusted, back to the correct tension they don't stretch like people think the wheel or sprocket has changed it original or lost it tension. Chains they loosen up but its a slang to say it stretched cause it would snap in that case the parts will wear together and long as you keep it oiled it will not stretch per say but the adjustment comes off, like timing chains on cars they don't stretch like people think usually its the timing chain trenchers that where wore out causing chain slap,, or the gears they ride on be come compromised, they are not rubber and don't stretch , UN oil chain will case the jointing pins to bend giving the effect of stretching, motor cycles chains have a great deal of torque and can stretch a chain and break it a bicycle is much less torque ,but don't get me wrong when your car is hit the metal body stretches this is why when they hammer the dents out most of the time they must cut reliefs in cause the metal is larger and will not fit in the same spot, without cutting out some of it, OK good question,i think it the oil that on the chainIt stretches from frequent use. Just need to tighten it up...if really loose you might have to take a link out.
Wow. such vitriol in the answers.. . The best way to find an Honest Mechanic is to look at his (or her) credentials.. . The Institute for Automotive Service Excellence (ASE) is a voluntary credentialing organization that tests automotive repair professionals. ASE (or ASC, another credentialing organization), is an organization that exists solely for your peace of mind. If your Technician (or shop) displays an ASE (or ASC) sign, they do so proudly. Certification in either of these organizations requires at least 2 years practical, hands-on experience and successful passing of an extremely difficult written test.. . Your ASE Certified professionals volunteer to take this test.. Why? Because Certification shows the world that you are a professional, not a shade-tree wrench with a mouth larger than his(or her) experience.. . Also, AAA certifies repair shops, based on their expertise and customer feedback.. . If you see a local repair shop displaying either an ASE or ASC sign, and an AAA Recommended Repair sign, do not hesitate to take your car there.. . We are the good guys(and gals).The Best way is by word of mouth. Talk to your friends and family find out where they get their work done. There are a lot of real honest mechanics out there. But like in everthing else there are some rottin ones to. Its best to find someone that don't have a real big shop because the bigger the shop the more they charge you to work on your car. So i would try finding a small auto shop they are  the best when it comes to being honest.know what needs to be done and know how to do it yourself so he can't give you BS ..... and there isn't any honest mechanic. . oh yeah if you find one let me knowask around at the local auto parts stores, and ask for former customers phone numbers so you can ask them, my uncle runs a small garage in dunlap tennesseeI don't think that it does exist.. But you could still pray for a miracle.Find an honest man first, then train him to become a mechanic.im  mechanic and i am 100% honest.Have NEVER sold an unecessary repair.My key is building trust with all of my clients by first finding out the complaint.. Then make an estimate detailing all visible costs.Then i take the customer in and show them the necessary repairs on their car so they can see the play in the ball joint or the cracked belt etc on their car.Warn them as best i can about other related mishaps that may occur while doing the job.Carry out the job and if anything is found above the estimate i either call immediately or show them immediately.. I will even make more than 1 estimate if its big to try and group jobs together so they can save money on labour.. Honest mechanics do exist just go to a shop where you can talk to the mecahanic NOT a service advisor.Talk to the peson working on YOUR car YOUSELF.. . I hope this helps.Sorry man, there is no such thing. The only way you can find an honest car mechanic is if he is a relative of yours or he has no customers.Can you really find one?You just have to take your chances, but it helps to talk to people who have been satisfied with repairs.  Ask several people, write down what they say and go with the one you think is best.  Not all mechanics are untrustworthy but you have to keep in mind that they are out to make a dollar like everyone else striving to live in this world.Word of mouth, and patience. I used to take my VW Jetta to a different mechanic each time, hoping that one day I would find a good one. Finally, on the recommendation of a friend, I took it to a dinky little garage in Chicago that I would never have gone into on my own, and told him about my chronic overheating problem. Unlike every other mechanic who had looked at it, he quoted a low price ($25 installed!), told me the specific part that needed to be fixed (without looking at the car!) and when he swapped the part, it was *fixed*. For good. Never had the problem again.. . That guy kept my Jetta running years longer than it should have, and always charged me a reasonable price. Keep looking until you find someone you're comfortable with, and who can simply fix the car -- that's the most important thing, right? Cheap prices don't matter if they can't fix the problem in the first place.Get references. Check BBB see if they have had complaints. Learn as much about your car so you can keep up with their diagnosis. There are some out there but the bad ones do enough damage to overshadow.
their are 2 white plastic tabs on top of the headlight assembley.  Pull those two tabs up and the whole assembley should come out and you can then get to the light.  If all else fails check the owners manual it should have illistrated pictures and directions on how to do it.Some of the newer cars have pins that hold the headlight in place or you can try reaching down and turning out the old one
Autosill works for me, especially on Chrome.. Polish with WD40 afterwards to prevent the rust from coming back, and repeat after each wash.. . Don't use a sponge to rub the Autosill (unless its a sponge specifically for that) it might scratch your chrome.. . I just use a piece of cloth and a lot of patience.Whey do yo not want to damage rust?Sell the bike...........you can get some "naval jelly" from an autoparts store.  Or you can try "OO" steel wool...it's super fine and you can get it from Home Depot.Try that oil wd?  Cant remember the number after wd, sorry.  Spray some on, let sit for awhile, and scrub it with an old toothbrush.   It works on very light surface rust.  If your rust is bad, nothing will take it off without ruining the chrome.  I've heard of people using fine steel wool.Try WD40 and one of those teflon non scratch washing up pads. Go easy so you don't scratch the shiny bits.Coca Cola and a scrubber pad. Then wash off the coke with water. No joking. I used it to remove the old seasoning from cast iron and have used it to clean off rust. It sounds crazy.chrome polish such as Autosill will do the job....  or Brasso.. works lovely too...  maybe brasso then autosill afterwards....DuPont Number 7 Chrome Polish. Neverdullnavel jelly rust remover gel works for meThere r many rust cleaners available in market. U can also opt for nickel coating0000 steel wool works fine as well as lemon pledge. Just spray it on  and use the steel wool to scrub it off. You can use these seperate or together and it won't hurt the chrome,but if the rust has eaten through the chrome you're SOL,nothing will work .
Go to your local Auto Zone or pep boys and get a car maintance book, it will tell you step by step how to do it!You'd better read up on this and get the right tools---you can hurt yourself  doing this job. You'll need a strut/spring compressor, a jack, good jackstands and a socket set and after all that, probably a wheel alignment or at least an alignment check.
many reasons.  mainly privacy, but with people with leather seats, the sun destroys the seats and tinted windows help.To keep your car cooler and help protect the interior fabric or leather from being bleached out or weathered.To keep light out. I don't like them either.so wont get pulled over for a DWB driving while black. LOLto provide protection from ultraviolet rays same as sunglassesprivacy?so the cops can't see inso you cant see in . . PERVERTyeah i hate them tooto reduce the amount of sunlight thus reducing heat and ultravoillet damage to the intierior of the car. . OH, and to hide your identity when you decide to stick the middle finger up at your non driving boss.I live in Texas, it REALLY REALLY helps keep the inside cooler.  And helps block some of the sunlight which is great for those with light sensitive eyes.  . . It also means people can not see what is in my car, when my car is parked at a shopping center.  Many people like the way a car looks with tinted windows.so you can do what you want to do ...in your car..right from..xxx to not have your seat belt...not fastened....and  many more...crazy stuffSo ppl can't look in your house. No they don't work at night but it keeps ppl from getting a free show.Reflects the sun so your car doesn't get as hot and allows for privacy if you don't have a garage to park in and you don't want people to easily see inside your car. I also think it makes my car look better.I like tented windows....It feels like i have more privicy and I like the tented windows becuase they make the car stand out and look really nice....Vanity.So people cant see you drivingIn a home its to keep the sun light to a minimum. In a car its not only b/c of the sun but also b/c of privacy. For example: if you have a brand new TV in your car and you have to go in to the store for something, do you really want the risk of getting your TV robbed. Or if you are alone in your car with your 9 month old baby and you get lost and are in a bad area, do you really want everyone to know your alone with your kid??Keep the sun out, and for privacy.To keep the sun outPrivacy and keeping the sun out of your eyes.  Think about it, if you were in the car with your boyfriend you wouldn't want everyone to be able to see you guys making out!to keep out the sunlightso cops don't see the drugs in my back seat :-)To keep the sun out of course.  Sun ruins interiors, also ruins vision.for privacy - escpically during sex, lolso you give someonr the bird without you knowing it. and keep the sun outI think its to keep the car cooler and also to provide a little privacyI dislike them, as well. They seem to indicate a distrust of others (wanting to keep their gaze out of the car) and I tend to associate them with criminal activity...though perhaps some people install them because they feel they are being unjustly profiled based on physical appearance, and they want to blind law enforcement to their hair, skin color, style of dress, etc. which is a pretty good idea, so I guess I need to stay open minded.Well it's to provide privacy for anyone inside the car...You wouldn't want anyone peaking in your car if you were on  a dat Would You?Most people can not tell the difference between normal tinted and not tinted windows (very slight) If they are dark tint  they are made so others can not see in and keeps more sun rays out or just for looks (preference) Tints were made to keep out some of the suns rays, different tints keep out different amounts .to block the sun and/or privacyThey are used by people who don't want to be seen usually. It does also keep the sun out.Keep sunlight out so that the car or home is cooler. And some tints keep out harmful UV rays.keep the sun out and your car cool and keep people from looking at you,are there any other reason one would have themTo keep the glare of the sun out of your eyes.
Most Ford's use five quoits of oil. Now go to your nearest Ford dealer and get a replacement before you over fill the engine and blow the sails out.hard for me to look up for you what is a merc c 200/ Need more information is it a boat engine auto or what scooter
you can take it to advance auto - they'll do it for FREEYou can TRY whatever you like but the easiest way if your too cheap to take care of it the right way is to stop buy AutoZone, they will scan it for free and then try to sell you everything under the sun. Just remember.......your car is your freedom, dont treat it cheaply, it will leave you stranded when you need it most.See if this works. . Try turning your key off and on 3 times. the third time leave the key on. see if any lights blink on your dash. . Count these lights as they blink. 1--------123--------12-- etc. theres are your code #'s  . . It may be different for your car try it see if it worksyou can buy the handheld version of the tool that the dealers use to extract codes form your car. Not too expensive , but worth having. You can try both Advance auto parts or auto zone, they will do this for free. They can advise you of the repair as well.. Good luckHere's a little more information about codes.  Since 1996 ALL vehicles sold in the US use the OBD II (onboard diagnostic - second generation) system.  You cannot read the codes without a scanner.  There are no connections to jumper.  The easiest way is to go to the local parts store and ask them to read the codes for you.  Most places do this for free.  You can look up the code at the dealer or on the internet.  That should get you headed in the right direction.   ou can also purchase a scanner to read the codes yourself.  Good luck.
28FTP !Probably somewhere between 40-60lbs.. But I may be crazy.. Buy a repair manual, they are cheep on ebay:. . http://motors.search.ebay.com/repair-manual-196_Parts-Accessories_W0QQcatrefZC12QQfromZR40QQfsooZ1QQfsopZ1QQsacatZ6028QQsatitleZrepairQ20manualQ20196Q2a. Add a little information to the search.Intake manifold is 200 in lbs. Exhaust is 10 ft. lbs. . . Source: Motor Auto Repair Manual, 1975 38th edition44 lbs. would be the number.. . MaybeIntake manifold is 200 inch lbs using the criss cross method and using the old 75inch lb then 150 inch lb and finally 200 inch lb method if tightening down. As for the exhaust manifold it is 10 ft lb of torque using the criss cross methodIt's not really critical....if they are 5/16 bolts the torque should be around 30 foot pounds.  I just put them on and snug them in sequence middle to outside working my way out on back then front, then back, then front, until you reach the edge.  Then go back over them with a little armstrong on a 3/8 drive rachet.  As long as they are done in sequence and you put a little umph on them, the gasket will do it's job and seal everything up.the right number you want is 35-45 pounds,this is a good setting especially for the newer type gasket,s,,i know i got a 1962 dodge lancer sitting in my shop right now,,and yes it,s a 2-door,,not very peppy,,but very reliable though,,hope this help,s you.
yea you the fluid does get thinner so try a thicker fluid during the summerwhen it is hot out side your fluid gets thinner plus your van is well on its way to 20 things wear out they dont last as long as peopleFirst your oil Viscosity is very very unlikely to cause it to run rough I assume that you are running 5-30 weight oil.  As to the running rough.  When was the last time you had the plugs, wires and air filter changed.  @ least that is the place that I would Start. The better Idea is to have a garage or dealer scan the OBD that would truely tell you wher the trouble lies.  But if you are trying to save the money I would start with the tune up.it could have the wrong kind of oil in it. it may be formulated for winter.You may have a faulty sensor causing the problem, especially if you have the overdrive transmission. You should first have it scanned for codes to see if anything shows up, a shop with a good scanner will be able to pinpoint any problem within a few minutes. The hard shift tells me to say take it to a transmission shop since the scanners typically used for the trans read everything related to the trans and engine right down to the ECM serial number.Because Chrysler products are junk!
Its just reality! All part of growing up, you should know that.  Oh, and by the way. How do you know those words? Anyone punched you? Maybe they should have.first take the gentle approach and tell the school board or principal at the childs school if the matter is not resolved take it upon yourself to talk to the driver and try to work out the problem if all else fails take the matter into your own hands and do what is neccessary to prevent this from happeneing againYour over reaction by hitting him is ridiculous and abusive.  Just know that he will never ask you another question as long as he lives.....who could blame him..   Go speak to the bus driver...Ha, I'd like to hear that conversation!You seem a bit uptight, take a Valium, and ask yourself why am I asking these questions to do with child abuse?Apologize to your son, explain you were very wrong in your actions. Contact the school system bus garage, make a complaint against the bus driver, give all details. And please, no matter how bad a word comes from a 7 yr old, do not lose your temper as you had done, you can be reported for child abuse. If it was a smart alec teenager, MAYBE that would be different, however violence is a learned behavior.Talk to his busdriver, and talk to the school. Let your kid know you are sorry, and that those words should never be spoken again... that busdriver should be fired, but talk to him first and see what he says about the situation.. Bless you...If he's hearing words like this on the schoolbus, from the driver, the incident should be reported to the school - teacher or better yet the principal.. Punching your 7 year old in the face needs to be reported to the police - It's called CHILD ABUSE!  . Your child may not be learning "bad words" at home, but he is learning inappropriate, agressive behavior.  Children abused stand a much higher likelihood of growing into abusers.Report the bus driver to the school involved, the school district's administrative offices, and the personnel dept. who hired him in the first place.
2 are to hold the train wheels these are 4ft 8.5 inches apart.. These are the most solidly constructed with large track ties and a capital I shaped cross section.. The outer one is the positive current usually furthest away from the platform, this has ceramic insulators holding it up.. The central one between the main tracks is the earth, this is needed on an underground train because without it the electricity could find earth by going upwards through the passengers.i don't know....don't u get tired of askin questions?There's no need for return power - all the current (one US trains) is contained in the third rail or the single overhead wire (catenary)... And running rails are energized for signalling at only a few volts.... . I believe on the LUG one's positive and one's negative...too dodgy, using the chassis for live currentits better than having 3The London underground does not want to rely on the electrical capabilities of the running rails which in certain circumstances could become live and fry the travelling public2 are the running rails 1 is the positive at 420 volts and 1 is the negative at 210 voltsHavent got the foggiest, as long as the trains run on time then Im not bothered reallytwo running rails one positve electric rail one return negitve railCould two be spares?Three are for the train to run on, the fourth is for people to commit suicide on.
Replace all your fluids with Royal Purple...this includes your oil, transmission fluid, your axle oil, and anything else...unfortunalty i don't recall the exact amount of horsepower gain from doing this but it does work...this process was dyno testedHave you changed the air intake at all?  It'll add a couple.Ever thought about a stage 1 wet nitrous set-up on your stang.  There is also the supercharger (blower).  Plus there is also the beefed up 5.8.  I've read some where that you can purchase this engine with 400+ hp.you will not be able to b/c it is a ford. you will blow the motor it you do any engine modifications to it unless it is a factory ford super charger then you will get about another 100have a Chevy pull itAll great answers so far. As far as bolt ons go,don't forget underdrive pullys.They can add up to 20 H.P.It will slow down your waterpump,and altinator so there will be less drag on your crank.Go to March Pullys.comHeaders would help.  A Cobra air cleaner added a lot of pep to my 67, allowing the 289 to breathe better.  A hotter coil can help.  But these are all add-ons.  Rebuilding and reboring can resolve power problem without the add-ons, but it can be a bit costly if you are on a budget.. . Dave Hooper. Fresno, CAGT40 heads, GT40 intake and a mild cam (will get you more).. . Or a 50 shot of Nitrous. . Or a set of Stock 5.0 heads ported and polished and the intake port matched. . . A decent cam, free flow intake tube, and Ford Racing Headers . . Really there are quite a number of things that will get you 50 hp.If your mustang is stock, you can change the exhaust system to gain about 20-25hp ( preferably Borla or Flowmaster complete systems), Then change your breather to a complete intake system.(To list a few: air-raid, K&N, and AEM.)    This tipically gives you 10-15hp on a 5.0.  The last easy mod to do is to change the program on the ECU. (SCT does great programming)  This upgrade can give you up to 35 horses with the other modifications.  All together it should cost around 1k which is cheap for what you get.   There are many other upgrades, but with alot of those dificulty increases and so does the price.
It is still cheaper to produce tape decks in mass quantity. They are adding aux inputs though. And using tape adapters to transmit audio signals are readily available, so the manufactures are just lagging to convert.Because they don't get the phrase out with the old and in with the old.nothing wrong on it .. since many old music or many stuff is still available on tapes only... nothign else..If they didn't someone would probably complain, they always do. By the way thanks for the recipe for killling the ugly crickets!:)our generation has not quite yet taken over,,,,dang i thought tapes were extinctwhy notfor old people ..... lolbecuase the old models still has the cassette tape in their models. It's people's choice that they want or don't want to keep the cassette tape in their cars. . . Now the models decide to put away the cassette tape, then put new MP3 Player, DVD Player, or CD Player decks in cars. Most old models has most cassette decks, now just a few models has one.i think we do but a lot of cars like that are realy dorky and old.For people like me that don't want to buy real cd players.  Ya know one of those portable ones is only like $30 and they last a couple of years.it is for books on tape and other various self help audio.Because some older folks got lots of good mixed tapes So why not? I don't think it's really a big deal. The big deal would be if a new car came with only a tape player.
because hes a redneck and thats what we all rednecks do sometimes is crazy things!!!!!what?
Call your insurance company, tell them you need to have them re-evaluate your policy.  If they tell you they only do this when your premium is up...then go to another insurance company for a "quote" they have to look up your driving record to do it!if you are in the state of California you can find out by calling 1-916-657-7780 and giving them your drivers license # they are very helpful and surprisingly friendly,Call the Insurance Company and ask if your SR-22 (High Risk) insurance is still in force..  They can tell you how much longer it will be.  Usually the DMV will notify you if the time is up..   Make sure your address is still the same as whats on your drivers license.  Good Luck.What do you mean by "through"?  If you mean has the state received it, check with the DMV and your insurance company.  If you mean has the requirement expired, check with the court that imposed the restriction.SR22 Insurance Services. . http://www.sr22filing.com. . (888) DUI-SR22TheDept. of Licensing should be able to tell you. They should be able to pull it up on their computer. If not, they should be able to make a call and find out if it hasn't gone through, what you need to do or know.
rent a suction pump from a marina or some auto parts stores.  this will make your life much easier.  other than that follow the rules of auto oil changesask the dealer of the boat yard in your townget the volvo manual
saw it outRemove interior panel of sliding door.. carefully peel back plastic sheet of weather guard..(8mil plastic sheet)  Reach up inside door and find power lock mechanism and detach.. (just a clip).. Do the same for the rod that goes from the keylock to the manual lock button. Detach this in same way as above.. (at the door lock end)..  Using a mirror and light, if needed.. look inside the door at the back of the keylock.. there is a "fork-like" sheet metal clip. Remove this clip, just pull, and the keylock will basically fall off the front of the door....
Gasoline is actually one of the most effective and inexpensive fuels(even at today's prices)gas is gas and it will never be replaced in our lifetime,nothing has the energy in it like gasoline and be safe to useGEORGE BUSH/ DICK CHENEY!!!!!! THATS THE ONLY REASONS THEY ARE OIL MEN, THEY NEED TO BE RICHER, DO NOT CARE ABOUT POLLUTION OR ECONOMYAnd your solutions to the problem are....?? LMAO, come up with somethign better and we'll talk.
hook a chain to it and the other end to a tree, then back upwell i take it you don't know so first must make sure this the problem, and if so you need legally if system is empty  you use a tool called a Garter Spring tool that how you remove if its a UN threaded at one end only, if the system has gas in it you need to know how to properly evacuated the system and do the recovery of the freon,. i assume its R-134-A Freon, then do your repair then you need to put the system under vacuum and , before you recharge it then you must add the correct amount of  refrigeration oil , and the correct kind, then proceed to charge and if you do not own a A/C warmer charging machine then  you  will do it the old faction way with the Gage's, and know what your doing ,the hose with garter springs will have two  refrigeration  O - rings that you are suppose to replace when you do a hose removal, and oil the O-rings must be pre oiled in refrigeration oil before you install it, OK got it good Hope this helps you, but  the tool your inquiring about is a Called Garter Spring Removal tool and there are 5 sizes, and they go by colorwhich hose????!!!???ForcefullyMake sure the AC is drained then disconnect the AC lines from the motorThis takes a special tool.  I did this on my '92 Taurus.  It is a plastic tool that fits over the hose and depresses the spring holding the hose on.  It is a bitch sometimes to get these loose.  But you can pry all day and you will just screw it up.  Call you local parts house and ask them for the tool.  I think it was around twenty dollars or so.sledge hammer
.reread bestwrencher`s answer,he nailed it right on the head.Actually most of the time I find oil on the sparkplugs and no other complaints is because your valve cover is leaking down into the hole that your sparkplug is in, some sparkplugs sit deap in the head and have an Oring around them to stop the oil, that oring leaks or plastic valve cover is warped causing oil to get on plug, when you pull plug out, its very oily but you didnt have a running problem, a running problem with oil on plug would be as the others suggestedpiston rings more than likelyIt depends on whether the oil is on the outside or inside electrode of the spark plug. Inside the cylinder, oil deposits on the electrodes mean engine wear. But on the external porcelain insulator (white in color), it means your valve cover gaskets are leaking into the spark plug well or you spilled oil on the white insulator when you were filling the engine oil.could be a clogged air cleaner or worn valve guides or a possible broken ring!People stop with the piston rings. The olny oil from the rings is the little thats pumped threw the rod to help lube the cylinder. any ecessive oil has to be comming from bad valve seals or a leaking head gasket.BAD VALVES, TAKE IT TO THE SHOP...MAYBE PISTON RINGS ARE SHOT...All of them??  Could be bad valve seals or bad oil rings if it's all.  If just one is burning oil, it would probably be the head gasket.most likely worn piston rings, allowing oil to leak up into the cylinders and get on the spark plugs.Almost 100% sure it's piston rings, or scratches in the cylinder wall.  The reason for the rings is to keep oil from being sucked up into the firing chamber from the crankcase .  If they are worn, they will let oil through.  Same thing if the cylinder walls are damaged.Most likely the piston rings.
Make sure the engine is running at operating temperature which is195 to 210 degrees. Where and the way you drive makes a big difference. You can always change the axle ratio, but that will cost a lot of money.go to auto zone an get a gas additive,it will help alotKeep tires inflated properly and remove all the extra junk that you dont need.Sell it and buy a car that is better known for fuel economy;  This isn't intended to be a wise crack answer, but seriously....the vehicle you're driving is very limited in what it can deliver in fuel economy, and if you want better, you'd have to make changes in what appeals to you in a car or truck.Tonneu Cover, Cold Air intake, and lighting up on the Gas Pedal are the best ways.Keep the tank full all the time and the fuel economy will be better.keep your tires inflated to the proper psi, keep the a/c to a minimum and try to drive around the 2000rpm range(its slow as hell but you'll get where you need to go just not as fast.)i was just curious what mpg you are getting. I had a 2003 Explorer Sport with that engine and the best mileage I got was 18 mpg. I also had a Dodge Dakota with a 5.2 L V-8 and got 21 mpg with it. That pretty well convinced me that if you want fuel mileage, you need either a 4 cylinder or a diesel.BUY A CHEV.
Pontoons hang over the sides so probably around 4 foot.Most boats of this type are carried on a trailer that allows the boat to be loaded at an angle when setting on the trailer. Most states allow up to 8 feet width. Anything over requires a permit and escort to transport.The maximum width for a personal/private trailer is dictated by each states DMV.
You really do need to go to a professional driving school to become a good stunt driver.  Having the know how will make every stunt that much safer.  It is quite possible to get an apprenticeship with a driver that is already involved with the industry, but those opportunities are rare.go to hollywood drive off a cliff and if you survive you will probably get a job offer on the way to the hospitalpratice
There may be a short in the wire. That would explain the brake-lock problem. If ignored, this could result in a fire, so if I were you I would have it looked at by a professional.the motor in your car door has gone out get it checked first it is very expensive.  Depends on the type of car.  Good luckI remember that my auto windows stoped working for a while after i went too fast over a speed bump, it knocked something loose from the electrical system. So yeah, do u remember hitting a pothole or something?I sure hope someone knows.  we have a Toyota with lock problems also..      maybe the car moving forward has something to do with it.  A loose part might slide into place from the motion of the car moving forward, causing the doors to lock.. Good luck. HopeChecked some fuses? I know in my car theres a option to disable automatic door locks, Maby it was reset or changed...Hey dude,  try checking the batteries in your key remote.  O.K.!FUSE !
Look for a blown fuse that feeds the double-locking solenoids.  Lacking that, you'll probably need to take it to a dealer for evaluation.yes do the best thing and check all batteries in key devicechange battery in your key
that's just your area.... most people dont do that, african american or not.  why does race matter to you?  you could have asked the question and left race out of it... who gives a damn what race someone is.. . perhaps people that do that are just being safe in case some idiot decides to rear-end them.  plenty of space between your car and the car ahead of you allows a lot less risk for hitting the person in front of you if you are rear-ended.I DON'T KNOW BUT ME I'LL MOST LIKELY RIDE ON YOUR A*SIm not trying to say anything, but when I have driven through certain parts of town the traffic behavior is quite a bit different.  I have seen folks drive slow or wait about three seconds after the light turns green to even think about going forward.  After they are in motion, their speed is just slow.  Come on, looking cool 24/7? give me break.  Another thing I have noticed is that there are just going to be a few roads in your town that will just be terrible in general.  That is mostly due to either the surrounding neighborhoods or the two different parts of town that the road connects.  Personally I would prefer to take a subway, that solves most if not all driving problems.Please understand that I say this not because I am an African-American but because I also a road rage. I think it is road rage because you actually concentrate enough on traffic to determine driving patterns and drivers. Which makes me think that there is more than thought that goes into your driving. I think the problem this, you recognize AA's more because of your festering disregard for them, not because AA's must have 2 car lengths ahead of them. For that answer you must check your neighborhood not the internet. But I think it is your focus on us, thus making us more prone to your rage on the road or focused attention. But please if you want the constant dangling of cars on your butt, come to DC. We love dangling, all of us. Black and white alike. When your rage grows you will forget about color and treat all cars as equals.caz they want to lol. i have no clueIt has nothing to do with race. I have seen all different races sit at a light with tons of space between them. For some reason some people just dont like to move up at the light, these people annoy me. Also maybe they are trying to avoid someone causing a fake accident, such as purposely backing up at a light to fake like they were hit from behind or preventing someone from boxing them in. There are people out there who will stop short so you hit their car by accident then they box you in to rob you or just file a fake accident report which you pay for.actually 1-2 car lengths is too much. it allows another vehicle to occupy the space you wanted preserve in the first place.. First rule of defensive driving whether on a freeway at 90mph or  a potentially dangerous neighborhood : always leave yourself an escape route..I have seen this a lot with Asian's also, I don't know honestly why but the car jacking thing and the rear-end thing makes sense, or just because,well i'm white and I was told by my uncle to do that in case some one tries to jack you, you have space to at least try to get awayI do not know the answer but have noticed the same.  I will ask several of my work mates and see what answers I get.I'm black, and my daddy told me when I first learned to drive, to stop far enough behind a car to leave room to pull out without backing up, if I needed to in the instance that the car in front of me breaks down or if I needed to pull around the vehicle for any other reason.. . It can just be an issue of safety and not necessarily because of the value of the car.
If you don't have the title, you're technically selling property that's not yours, which is illegal. I recommend getting the proper paperwork before selling it, or you could be in trouble in the future.depends on the situation...if you own the car then you need to file for lost title...no biggie since you're already the owner.... if you own the car but never got the title you need to go back to the person you bought it from...if they can't find the title THEY need to file for lost title. if the vehicle is abandoned...file for abandoned vehicle...they can either put it in your name and then you can sell it or have it towed. . the registered owner will get stuck with the bill.... . Good luck!Park it downtown with the doors unlocked and the keys in the ignition.Depends on your state. In california you have to go to either DMV, or the Highway Patrol to get a blue tag. I own a nissan skyline here in the states and for me to have it here, I had to get it blue tagged because it has no identification.. . If you own the car and have no title, you can get one from your DMV or the county clerks office. You will pay a small fee but that is better then getting pulled over and getting arrested. . . Now, if the car can be donated, you can donate it for a tax deduction in most states. Either it applies to your state tax or you fed tax. I would suggest calling one of those churches and tell them about it and see what they can do. They will come and tow the car for free. It's all charity.give it awayThe DMV has forms for that, if it's registered in your name.you can't. but you can apply for a new title if you have no lien against your carYou must have the title to sell it.  If the buyer doesn't have a title they cannot register, title, or get insurance in their name.  In other words, they can't drive it.  .    Go to the DMV and apply for a duplicate (or) lost title, depending what state you're in.  Good Luck.You can crush it or sell it to a wrecking yard.EASY YOU SELL IT TO A SCRAP YARD. YOU SIGN A STATMENT SAYING YOU ARE TO REAL OWNER AND WE CRUSH IT.... TAMMY O............... ...PROPERTY NOT YOURS......HOGWASH...A VERBAL CONTRACT IS JUST AS BINDING, JUST HARDER TO PROVE SHOULD IT BE DISPUTED.... IF YOU OWN IT YOU CAN SELL IT IF YOU DON'T OWN IT THEN YOU'LL GO TO JAIL.bill of sell or sell parts off it. until goneSOME TIME THE JUNK YARD WILL TAKE IT BUT SOME WONT IF I WAS IN YOUR NAME BEFOR THEN FILE FOR A LOST TITLEIf you plan on selling and not junking your car, you need to go to the DMV and reapply for a new title. You need to prove ownership when you do this, usually a valid registration. You may also apply for a salvage title just like a salvage yard will do. Once you get these documents ,you can proceed to do whatever you want to do with the car.use blue tip wrench bring to recycling center
Apparently, the safety is quite impressive. Especially considering the tiny size.They are quite safe, to European Standards.  U.S. Safety Standards add quite of bit of wieght which affects the performace and economy.They aren't the safest in terms of car crashes but they're great for the environment!  If everyone drove civily and not like Formula I racers, they'd be fine.i think they are safe enough, but if you thing about it, its really small, you gotta be a little threatned by that...The car is just as smart as the person made it so not that smart.lol
the major automakers have known how to make hydrogen powered cars since the 1960's. there were articles about them in popular mechanics and popular science magazines back then, if you can find them now. try alternative energy web sites.YES NASA AND SOME CAR MAKEER NOW ITActually, any car with an internal combustion engine will run on hydrogen (as proven on Mythbusters) the Only problem is storing the hydrogen. (think Hindenburg) That's why the hydrogen fuel cell is so intriguing. It produces the needed hydrogen on demand, and there's no danger of explosion.
The 68-72 GM A-body rears would be a direct swap as far as bolting it into the car. One of the things you would need to watch for is the U-joint size difference between Chevy and the other GM models. I do believe the aftermarket make conversion u-joints just for this problem. If you have a choice try to find a rear out of a Chevy as they have 8.875 inch ring gears as opposed to the 8.5 inch rear that Olds used in 68-69. The chevy rears are MUCH easier to find parts for and it seems like every rearend shop will work on the Chevy stuff.Any 68-72 GM A body. Chevelle, Monte Carlo, Lemans, Tempest, Skylark, etc. They came in 10 and 12 bolt versions.6 or 8 cylinder?  Originally a 10 bolt or 12 bolt?  Positraction?
I would check the plugs,timing and make sure your not overheating.Test the stator, the lack of proper current could be draining the battery a little and cause a miss fire which in turn causes the  gas to build up in the pipes. This happened to me last year.What year is your bike? Honda made the CB750K from '76-'82.. The early ones had points and the timing isn't adjustable on the newer ones.  I can't tell you what's wrong with your bike if I don't know which one you have. Also, how many miles does the bike have?Make the plugs are the right ones and in properly.  Sometimes there's sludge in the gastank from sitting over the winter.  Batteries need a lot of charging time too.the idol needs to be set lower than, it sounds like it doesn't wanna idol, try giving it more oxygen at idol, make the mix a little leaner.. Best of luck to ya!lack of oilsuspect wear on the timing cam...something is going wrong when the bike heats up, and that could be it.new oil may help, but sounds like a timing propblem to me- check the timing, and make certain everything is tightened properly- timing may slip if not.Sounds like the battery is bad, or the charging system isn't keeping it charged.1. Valve/cam timing slightly off.. 2. Many miles, may be slight build-up of carbon on valve(s) causing preignition.I've had a similar problem - a completely random misfire, failure to fire or poor running. Then runs fine for while. It turned out to be a coil.Timing
they make silicone glue for that, you can get it at your local auto parts storeThere are several types of trim adhesives you can buy at most autoparts places.  Most work well but the part will need to be held in place with tape or a clamp.double backed tape, works well.
Hard to diagnose simply based off this but it sounds as if it could be your alternator.  You could do a quick test and pull off the battery cable and see if it keeps running.  Normally if you are at a stop when the engine is running and the vehicle stalls it very well could just be the alternator.   They are pretty easy to change- I have done it myself (former Jet mechanic in the USAF). . If you've noticed your voltmeter dropping and your lights getting dim, there are a few things you want to check before replacing your alternator. Alternators fail from either overcharging or undercharging.. . Some symptoms you may have for overcharging are: bright or burned out lights, batteries may smell, battery cases may be swollen, high voltmeter readings. Symptoms of undercharging are: slow or no cranking, dim lights, slow signals, dead batteries.. . There are other factors to consider as well like the wires and cables that tie the system together, belts that make it go, and age of the components.. . The first thing I would check would be the condition of the batteries, they must be charged to 12 volts before load testing them, once that has been done use a heavy duty load tester, on a 31 series battery with 950 CCA you should be able to pull 800 with a volt reading at 10.. . If your voltage is lower or slow to recover try slow charging the battery a bit longer then retest. If you have no or a low reading replace the battery. When load testing, test each set of batteries by themselves, not together.. . Once you have determined your battery source is solid, clean your battery cables before reinstalling them on the batteries. Next while your cables are still off go inspect the cables on the alternator, are they tight? Now remove them, are the cables clean?. . If you have a poor connection between the alternator and the starter and then to the batteries you will have dead batteries. So besides checking for clean connections you may want to test the cables as well.. . Next check the belt tension on the alternator, if it's loose it will slip and not charge, if it's too tight it will put strain on the alternator bearings. Now that everything has been inspected it's time to test the output of the alternator. Check the voltage of the alternator with a voltmeter it should be 12-12.5V with the car off, and running should be 13.5-14.2V Note: some ford systems may be as high as 15.5V but should not exceed that. Amerage should be at least 122 for a 135amp alt, replace the alternator if the output voltage exceeds 15.5V or if the current output is less than 90% of rating.. . Some alternator tips to keep in mind, never use a pressure washer to clean the alternator. Watch the belt tension and check the mounting bolts on a regular basis. Watch how many accessories you add to your cars system, the bigger the load the shorter the alternator's life span.. . If you upgrade to a higher output alternator, you must also update your cables, the stock ones may char or burn from the higher loads. Check your batt and alt connections, they often come loose from the vibration of your motor.argeed, probably not a charging problem.  Vaccume leak is a possibility, a few strategic shots of starting fliud should help find a vaccume leak(rpm's will rise when starting fluid mixes with the air destined for your combustions chambers, and that means you have found your vaccume leak)need to check for vacuum leak at or around intake[everywhere].not likely to be a voltage problem as it runs at higher RPMs.at lower RPMs a vacuum leak causes a lean problem,.does it stumble?
It is illegal to do that and illegal for anyone working for the police or DVLC to do so.  Therefore if someone does try to tell you how to do it you would both be comitting the criminal offence of conspiracy and probably of attempting to commit other crimes.. . suggest now would be a good time to stop!!!have a bump with them then they are at least obliged to give you there insurance details. this could be costly tho if they dont have insurance. :))you just need to have the registration number of the car the person is driving and call the dvla hotline or trace it from the police.You can't unless you know someone who works for the DVLA or the police.For the driving licence you will have to have access to the DVLA database. As far as I know only the DVLA and the police have access to this - unless someone knows otherwise.That's called invasion of privacy and unless you work in law-enforcement, and have a valid reason for searching the persons background, you could be charged with a criminal offense. I would suggest you don't pursue this any further.y u want to do thisCall the police and tell them you saw someone driving eratically. They'll locate the driver from the car reg you gave them and ask to see licence and insurance documents. If you see the driver taking a taxi or bus later he probably didn't have the licence and or insurance.Why would you want to if they are causing a nuisance or you suspect them of wrong doing which I suspect can be your only reason to want to invade someone elses privacy this way, report them  and let the authorities carry out their jobs if you cant do this best advice would be to stop worrying before you get arrested
dont mess around get your engine number then head to your library  i would be very surprised if they could not help you  but take your engine number so you cAN ID YOUR MOTOR    SORRY ABOUT TXT KEYBOARD JUST PACKED IT!!!ok first off you got a rolls royce you dont mess with it, take it to a dealership, cause u dont wanna mess up a car like that... there nice cars dude, come on...............
Yep it is a law enforcement emblem.Law Enforcement.  These can be on a Law enforcement car, or on a law enforcement officer's personal car.Typically the Black-Blue-Black decal is used to honor and/or mourn the loss of a police officer. However, the lines are usually horizontal, not verticle. I could not find any reference to verticle lines with these colors so I cannot say definatively this is the correct answer but it is a strong contender.
You have to call them to find out. When they tow a car they do not post this info on their web site. So either you call them or have yuor lawyer call them. And don't wait too long as there very well could be storage charged, depending on who towed it.I dont think such a website exists.  Even if it DID, they wouldnt post that information online.  I'm afriad you'd have to call, or get someone to call for you. . . Sorry...You'll probably have to call them to find out. And also to find out what you'd have to do to get it back.Contact the police department first. Information that you will need is make,model,year, and license number. They will be able to direct you to the towing firm that has possession of your vehicle. Remember this when you redeem your vehicle you will need to provide proof that you are the legal registered owner of vehicle, and show picture ID, such as your drivers license. I really don't understand why your reluctant to call, but I am sure that your hiding something as to not be caught. If this is the case be assured that if your in trouble for anything, warrants, as such that the police dept has already contacted the towing firm to advise when you come in to give them a call. If you cannot redeem your vehicle it most likely will be processed for a public auction. Each day that your Vehicle is in impound the lien amount of the vehicle becomes greater for your expense.  Also I don't know if this applies in your state, but if your car goes up for auction, and your car sells for less then the amount of the lien, you will end up paying the difference. If not collected, you will probably be turned over to collection, and probable have your license if any revoked.Good LuckCalling is the only way.  Wherever you parked at, theres a sign in the parking lot telling you where they tow your car.
to ruin our fun, i do it anyway. meet me on the streets.Some people don't use common sense.  Like comparing street racing to a sport like football.  First of all numnuts, football players aren't running at the speed the cars are racing and secondly, they aren't made of metal with motors and gasoline. Not to mention that even with proper safety equipment, not all people are going to use it.  If people were more worried about saftey than self image maybe it would be legal.  It's the idiots that ruin the fun not the people who try to make the world a safer place.   Please tell me you aren't this stupid about everything.  My neighbors little boy was run over and killed cuz daddy thought it would be so cool to street race.  He feels really good about it now.......I've seen way too many accidents caused by street races!! Some have ended fatal..   Too many young kids in mommy and daddys cars that cant drive for Sh*t!!  Drugs & Alcohol don't mix while street racing!!!     Street Racing will Never be legalized!im pretty sure its illegal because they might hit somone in the processIf you concider it a sport. Think about this. Sports are played INSIDE a controlled environment. Arenas, stadiums, tracks etc.... Get the picture, last thing I need is to be on my motorcycle, minding my own business, and one of you tuner jerk offs runs my Innocent @$$ over because you want to impress your 13 yr old girlfriend. Get in my way, I'll gut you like a pig, and eat your liver. And yes, I'll make your girlfriend watch...I think it should be legalized, but only if the pedestrians are allowed to shoot at the drivers with automatic weapons!!you'll find out when areal man snatches your sorry a ss up for endangering his loved ones.. . you want a rush, put the barrel of a gun in your mouth. . i didn't think so.so now you've moved up from a wagon to a souped up go cart  WOW!!! . YOU REALLY WANNA RACE THEN DO IT ON THE TRACK LIKE A REAL MAN.alot of things are illegal, like smoking weed and peeing in public, but people do it anyway, they just dont get caught. street racing is always going on, just dont get caught doing it, and try not to kill anyone doing it. i dont agree with racing on the tracks because its pretty gay, like nascar..what the hell is that, definately not a sport...turn right...right...keep right...around and round a freakin circle what kinda talent does it take to do that, my blind monkey can do that while jerkin off his pet giraffe. but then again street racing is kinda like nascar, what the fuck is a 1/4 mile??? drive a quarter of a mile as fast as you can ....again ...i bring out my blind monkey and his pet giraffe.Do ou have kids in your life you care about? Just think if a streat racer slamed in to a car they were in ,or even if they just ran them down when the are walking to the store!It would endanger other people on the road.. Find a good local racetrack to race.  It's safer and better competition.. Remember,  rubbing is racing so don't get too close to me if your car is too pretty to race.AGAIN YOU ARE A COMPLETE IDIOT !!!!!. ILLEGAL MEANS ITS A NO NO. AND,ALSO YOU MIGHT TRY AN ENGLISH CLASS IN SPELLING BETWEEN ILLEGAL RACES.The same reason you can't legally shoot people at random on the streets. Sooner or later, someone is going to die.Street racing is illegal, and should remain illegal with even stiffer penalties because it puts other people in danger.. . Racing is fun and I do it.  But I go to a track or join auto cross events, where you're in a closed circuit and the only person that can get hurt is you.. . Never street race.  Don't tell me you wouldn't feel bad if you accidentally hit a van full of kids on their way to a soccer practice...Even if you win, what does that prove?Hmm, maybe its because tons of kids and people are there too! My friends' nephew and nieces were killed with their mom in a minivan because of a street race. The driver or the racing car was hurt, but didn't die. We lost part of our family because of street racing and it's just so inconsiderate that people want to put other peoples' lives on the line, let a lone your own life. I just don't understand... Why can't street racers go on a closed circuit track or race track or somthing, just so people can not be hurt. I just don't understand..... . Don't get me wrong of course, I really like NASCAR racing but it is on a race track and innocent people aren't at risk. Just please think about that...I have no problem with the drivers killing themselves, it is those pesky pedestrians.  If we could just get them to get off the sidewalks, and drive where they need to go....oh wait, there would be a street race going on....Maybe we should just allow everyone to drive as fast as they can all the time.dude!cuz its dangereux!.......we would all do it for fun if there was nothin known as "DEATH"(even i would,but im scared as hell)i think it shdnt be made legai even though i would have loved to race with my friends,lol.........remember,its dangerous!There is always a criminal element involved with street racing, sideshows and other things.  They are racing for pinks, street cred or whatever stupid reason.. . Street racing is mostly drag racing, some canyon.  But any moron can pay someone to build a car and mash the throttle down.. . Anyone who has raced at the track knows that there are many rules and regulations, to be safe and make the odds even.  They also know how to setup the vehicle.  This is something I don't see with "night shift" racers and I laugh when they drive around corners very slowly.. . It's illegal mainly because innocent drivers and bystanders are hurt or killed when these "night shift" racers crash.. . By the way, the fastest drivers are the ones who have actually raced at the track.  The "night shift" racers would be humbled at a road course or at the staging tree.You should lobby the legislature about this, or better yet, become a lawmaker so you can work on changing this law.BECAUSE IT IS DANGEROUS ANYWAY YOU LOOK AT IT.pedestriansFirst of all, if you can't write a paragraph correctly, how can you be trusted with a 3,000 pound vehicle?  Did you realize the amount of misspelled words you wrote?  . . Obviously you have never been to Germany or you would understand the difference in the mentality of the people who drive the Autobahn compared to the congested freeways and angry little boys getting "pissed off" as a result of their own ignorance. Do yourself a favor and travel overseas when you get a bit older.. . Imagine your mom driving home one night only to be t-boned by a reckless teenager who thinks he's Speed Racer.  Look, street racing is just plain ignorance.  If you really enjoy speed and you want to show the world how tough you are, sign up at the local race track.    . . Finally, street racing is not like football.  Why don't you get off of your couch, put down your Xbox, get some exercises and be a pedestrian yourself?  You'll not only get some blood to your brain but you'll realize how stupid some of the drivers really are.It's a great activity for drivers, but in an uncontrolled environment.  I've heard of countless street races that have ended in tragedy because of cross traffic or other hazards the drivers couldn't correct for.  It's not the racers I care about--it's the other people who didn't realize there was a race and get killed because of a mistake the racers make.. . There's a reason racing is usually held on a track--it's an organized environment without distractions, and it's easy to get medical help in and out for the drivers so deaths are kept to a minimum.. . I like street racing just fine, and I've had an impromptu race from time to time myself.  But I know that it's stupid and will someday get me killed.  I'd rather save it for the track, where I can go all out and only need to worry about breaking my car.. . You just don't like the fact that that real racing forces you to wear a helmet and costs *more money than you're willing to pay.*. . Prove you're good enough to race with the big boys and come to the track sometime.  We've got the money and the skill...let's see about you.  I'll meet you for Autocross or full track runs, any day.It's a great idea, bro, but I am afraid someone already beat you to it...If you can kill yourself without society having to pay for it, then fine. Unfortunately, that's not possible. . . Also, it's not OK to kill innocent people who just happen to be around.
Go to Pep Boys, buy the bulb and they'll install it for you in about 10 seconds!to save u money ill tell u how trust me I now I work at NAPA autoparts.(honestly) First u take off the tire then u will see a big cicle medal plate hen u will see the brake if u dont no wat it looks like look at the new brake box that u bought at a auto parts store like Autozone then u un attach the bolts and take of the old brake then u  attach the new brakes to the big medal plate and put the tire back on. it will take about 15 min. Its so easy my wife and do it.pay someone else to do it. Or get married thats when husbands come in handyin the back there should be clips to open behind the lights, turn them or whatever to open that compartment.from the trunk but u can take it to auto zone, o reilys, pep boys, and they will do it for ya 4 free :)First thing is to check the fuse and make sure it works.thats why there is mechanicslook in the owners manual there should be directions. call up a local auto place that sells parts and ask them for some general information. im sure they would gladly help.Go to workshops or service centres
A concept car, is that, a car that has been thought up, but it might not necessarily be a reality to make. I know what you are thinking..Concept cars are soo cool I want one. BUT sometimes they aren't really safe to drive.Because they were not created to be made in mass production.  They are a concept of the future.  Now, sometimes the concept is so good that the car is made but usually the car looks too wierd or it costs to much too much to make.they're an idea.BECUASE THEY ARE JUST CONCEPTS, IDEAS.Because they are experimental cars.  Concept cars draw the attention of consumers and give the needed feedback to car manufacturers.B/C it is an idea that they are throwing around and testing to see if they can be used in the REAL world.Thery are ideas... Just a concept of what the future could hold.  Many times you never see a full concept vehicle produced as some of the items on the car are still to expensive to mass produce.  But you will see certain elements of the concept vehicle go into some new models.. . Have you ever wondered why you can't touch or sit in a concept car?. . Well, these vehicles are usually million dollar cars.  The reason why is because, they are hand-made and there are a lot of man hours in the vehicle and usually it is a one of a kind.. . Now if the vehicle is call a prototype... it is more than likely to be seen in a showroom in the near future.Because they are still an idea for the manufacturers. They haven't been approved for mass production for the public yet.because they are a concept and were never intended to be put into production.
Go yo your local Auto Parts Store, tell them What you need and the year, make and model of your car. If they don't have one in stock they should be able to get one for you.Are you sure you mean a timing belt idler as opposed to a serpentine belt idler?  The timing belt is inside a cover on one end of the engine, and I have never seen one with an idler.  There is a tensioner for the timing belt, but that is another matter entirely.  The serpentine belt, which you can see when you open the hood has an idler, often either spring loaded or adjustable with a drive bolt and that is used to take up slack in the belt so that it does not squeal and operates the accessories such as the alternator, the a/c compressor and the water pump without slipping.
let a brake guy do it cost you upfront but will be worth it in long run. plus they usually warranty their work in case u get bad pads and you may need to have to turn your rotorstake it to your local dealership.  They will install Genuine Toyota pads.  If you use aftermarket pads you will end up with brake noise.
You can however fit 20's but anything larger than a 17" inch wheel you will need to upgrade your braking system....i.e. upgraded rotors and pads. For 20's, you should go with bigger calipers.What is it with people and huge rims!!! People do not realize that most sedans or coupes should not have anything larger than 18" wheels on them. 22's will fit on an SUV, but just know that as the rim gets larger than 22's; the ride no longer becomes smooth and it reduces your turning radius a lot. So people think first before trying to waste money on huge wheels that are not cool in any way.Did you fall and hit your head? Or have you always been an idiot? a good set of 22" wheels/tires will cost at LEAST $3,000.00. I am guessing you are young because you are being dumb. Well, if you are 20 years old...and invest that $3,000.00 in an average growth stock Mutual Fund inside a Roth IRA for your Retirement when you are old...If it earns just 10% it will be worth $218,671.00!!! . . Are those stupid rims worth $218,671.00?!?!?!. . Be smart with your money...dont waste it trying to impress strangers...putting 22in rims on a 91 legend, dude, if they don't just fit on, why the trouble? there might be a reason 22s don't fit acuras. keep the legend stock and spend your 3k on pot for more great ideas your bound to have!Of course if you change the rims you will also have to buy new and more expensive tires to fit the rims.. . Perhaps one other thing you should think about here is the when you go to larger rims and necessarily lower profile tires so that you maintain the same diameter of wheel (necessary for all sorts of reasons, one of which is to have your speedometer read right) your rims now have a far smaller cushion of rubber and air between them and road hazards like pot holes.  One good pothole and the new rim is hopelessly bent.. . In addition, expect a much rougher ride, as you will have reduced the tires' capacity to absorb bumps.  There may be aesthetic reasons you like those large rims, but the fact is that they are not terribly practical.
Good question. I dont think that there is an answer as all cars are designed with their own safety in mind. If all were the same it would reduce injury.. . Especially those big bull bar things, even though they are now banned they have things just like itIf they made by rubber then why we call they bumper's.a motor viechle is not a bumper car the reason they are made from plasitic is for safety on bumper cars your doing less than 15 mph and they do hert when you crash head on!!!!Different vehicles (trucks, semis, off road, sports cars, sedans, etc.) have different uses and there are different requirements for road clearance.  As to the rubber, I would rather see strong steel used (as it once was) for bumpers.Such that after collisions at HIGH speeds cars remain on the road and such that poison gas isn't produced in car fires.Standard height would be nice, but rubber? The purpose of a bumper is to absorb energy from a front or rear crash, and rubber deforms too readily to absorb much energy. Putting a rubber veneer on the plastic and metal structure would just add weight and cost.. . It would be better to get rid of the sheet metal in everything else and use the new plastics that recover from dents and absorb energy.they do and they are.  It don't help much.  People just don't drive properly some times so they will crash into other cars or things.God your boring. Polish those double glazed glasses and go spot trains you boring boring old man.I am lmao at Mighty Balls answer.He deserves 10pts.Dont you agree.Because in case of heavy contact (as in the sort that kills you) rubber does not crumple or break - it bends in slightly and then pushes back with equal force.... it thus forms an impenetrable line of force which retains sufficient energy to causre significant damage if you end up being hit by it.some people actually need a job to repair cars, insurance agent and so onGood idea, but only for low velocities.  At higher velocities (10mph or greater) the rubber would turn a fender bender into a neck wrenching accident.  The cars might not sustain much damage, but the energy from the wreck would go somewhere, and a lot of it would end up hurting the people inside.  As they are right now bumper are designed to crumble under impact to absorb as much energy as possible.  This keeps injuries to a minimum.Okay- how are we going to match up the bumper height of my Ford F250 super duty crew cab to my son's Dodge Neon? My bumper is almost at his roof level.Its not the car bumpers that need standardisation.  What is needed is the number of brain dead motorist that venture on to the highway to be reduced.  . . There exist millions of drivers on UK roads that do not have a clue about driving.  It is those people that cause the accidents not the car not the bumper.well, that could get crazy, if i hit you at 30, your going to fly into the car in front of you and he will fly into the car in front of him, and your going to bounce off him back at me, after i bounced of the car behind me and he went into the car behind him... ONLY ON A GRANDER SCALE... lol,  sure would be fun!!! . . you got spunk kid... i still like your style!
instead of fixing cars, he`d design cars.  either engines if he specializes in the mechanics, or design the looks & aerodynamics of the body style.. he`d be very rich if he`s creative.i think automotive engineering is when people actually manufacture automobiles. however my dad is a machanic and he thinks it makes his job sound better if calls himself an automotive engineer :)Its what i want to do for a living...it is basically desiging the different cars/components of the car and engineering it to work together. It involves a LOT of math and figuring out how to make evrything work the way it is supposte to. It looks like a really fun career.
use kerosene,then the next time you wax the car spray armor all on the moldings then the wax wont stick to them then when you get ready to take the wax off take a clean rag and take off the armor all first then the wax with a different rag.Think------How do you strip wax on floors?. . . Ammonia!!wax and grease remover.buy it at your local parts storeUse a toothbrush & a lot of effort.  Don't use anything that may remove paint.just use a soft bristle tooth brush,,with back and forth motion,,you,ll see it start to go away,,and it wont hurt your paint either,,we use this method all the time in the clean up business,hope this help,s some.rubbing alchohol, but if   get it on the paint u will remove the wax from it too. wont hurt the paint any just strips the wax.
Have your rotors checked.  If it's doing the same thing when you accelerate, your calipers may be sticking.Mine did the same thing. Have your rotors and your brake hoses checked. I found out that my rotors were worn and my passenger side brake hose was completely busted. I had to have my rotors, both brake hoses, and my brake pads replaced.Check your rotors. They are probably warped.I would say check your brakes and rotors too, however, if it's happening all of the time, and feels like a rotational thing that's not just happening when you stop, I'd also look into your universal joints and CV-joints.  Both pieces rotate constantly, and will shudder when something is going bad in them.  A quick check...when you go from Drive to Reverse or vice versa, does it feel like there's slack in the transmission in bewteen D and R?  It'Sounds like a warped rotor  ,But most likely a stuck caliper  .either case you need to have it checked out . It could be as serious as a wheel bearing .it could be the roaders. the tires could also be out of alinement. or unbalancedIs this a new pickup, or was it recently in an accident? Does the shuddering happen at the same speed, regardless of whether you're speeding up or slowing down? Warped rotors will cause shudder when braking, but the fact that it happens accelerating is too much of a coincidence and rules out the brakes as a factor. . . 1) Get your alignment checked - being seriously out of alignment can cause shudders and vibrations at certain speeds. . 2) If you just got new tires, or had the old ones rotated, get them balanced. . 3) If this is a used truck or it was in an accident, your frame may be bent. Get someone to follow you down the road and see if it looks like the truck is running straight, or if it looks like it's cocked on an angle.Most likely it is the rotors.  The rotor is a flat metal disk onto which the brake pads clamp when the caliper applies pressure.  When it is not absolutely flat the pads ride up and down on the hills and valleys in the rotor producing a vibration when you apply the brakes.. . You did not mention it, but if you also happen to have recently intalled new tires or had any front end work in which the mechanic removed the front wheels it is not uncommon that a lazy mechanic used an air wrench to retighten the lugs and over tightened them in the process.  This can warp rotors very quickly.
Dismantle the power antenna and disconnect the plug to it.  Remove the antenna and read the directions on the new one.  Hook the antenna wire from the old to the new.. . Good LuckI would get the antenna in the upmost position and then find the motor and unplug it while it is up.  I did that on one of my cars before.  With the motor unplugged the antenna cant go back down.
You don't say what year these cars are from.  GM used to use a 3.4 DOHC in it's Lumina 2-doors, and possibly for a few years in the next style of monte.  GM also has a regular OHV 3.4 built on the same orders as a 2.8 and 3.1 V6.  The DOHC one is rated at 200 or 210 depending on what transmission is behind it, and the OHV engine is rated anywhere from 165 to 185 horsepower.software changesDifferent tuning from the factory.  The Monte Carlo is usually a sportier car than an Oldsmobile.Here's the correct answer. Two engines of the same size (displacement) do not necessarily perform the same; this can be for a number of reasons. For starters, they might have different sized pistons, fuel injection systems, and/or transmissions. For example, a 5.0 engine in a Mustang and a 5.0 engine in a Ford pickup are technically the same size...but the Mustang is faster because it has been bored out for more horsepower, and has a higher-performance transmission and fuel delivery system. The truck isn't designed for speed, but rather for power for hauling, etc., so it's transmission is a different type geared for performing under a heavy load. . . Also, the weight of the vehicle factors into it as well....a lighter vehicle will be faster than a heavier one.. . Hope this info helped.
Cheap prices and good equipment levels. The quality wasn't exactly  spectacular with the first models but they are getting much better. Think of it as Japan all over again.Affordability and reliability. Althoug Hyundai is treated as a second-grade car in America, elsewhere in the world (asia and other countries) the Hyundai cars have proven to be reliable and worth the price. And they are getting better and better.. . -dreamcar. http://dreamcar.in
your air pressure may be a little low. Inflate tires to proper PSI (usually 32)you are turning at 80 mphive been doing tires for sometime now about 5 years and also mechanical it could very well be an alignment problem..Underinflation is one, but another is the TOE-IN of the vehicle could be off, such as toed in or toed out. You should get an alignment soon. Has there been any inside or outside tire wear?are they brand new?then they are getting a lot of traction.Slow down.you require a proper wheel alignment.Put some air in those tires!they are not properly inflated, check your air pressure.it might be ur tie rods go check it out if there loose ur tires could break and u could get in a accidentCheck your tires for proper air pressure - the sidewall of the tire or your owners manuel will state the correct pressure. You will also get BETTER GAS MILEAGE with the proplerly inflated tires!not ur tires .u. should check the steering fluid .not enough tread. you are staring to slide out. break before you turn, not during, and buy good, new tyres.get your brakes and roters check.its not your tyres ,its your brakes get them fixed soon or they will let you down , THEN NO MORE YAHOOThe asphalt might be hot, the tires might be over inflated, or your taking the corner to fast.for the same reason our shoes squeak on floors sometimes. the friction of the road against rubber. the speed you're going plays into it too of course.check your brakes and rotersyou are going too fast around the turn and the sidewalls are starting to touch the pavement or if you have really low profile tires they are just losing tractionnot inflated............
