There are other solid propellants that are more stable and efficient e.g. ammonium perchlorate NH4ClO4. Chemically speaking, calcium carbide is commonly used when welding metal in the form of acetylene...its tank technically being a "fuel cell."Here is a better question, why would it be?
A protocol would be a standard procedure or practice that is in place...usually in a work place but can apply to alot of things. It just basically says if this happens then we should do...steps 1 2 and 3.Protocol is a precise and detailed plan of action.
complain to police... they will find it for u... better than crash!!depending on the service provider offer, some companies offer the service of locking your stolen phone by preventing the specific (IMEI; International Mobile Equipment Idendity) from accessing the network. they have (EIR) Equipment idendity register they just have to delet that your IMEI number from the database register, but also i have to tell that there are many programs used now to unlock those closed phones. in addation there must be some integration between the Police and all mobile companies to have a complete shared database for the stolen phones. in that case the phone will not be used inside the whole country also it can be traced to catch the stealer.
Um, maybe it's not formatted to windows or mac whichever comp you have.did you try the soft reset or the hard reset? the hard reset might restore the factory settings, which MIGHT unlock your ipod. i'm not even sure theres a way to reset an ipod, now that i think about it. did you contact Apple?
Run a Stereo Patch Cable (avail. at Radio Shack) 1/8" mini TRS to RCA right and left.  1/8" mini plug will go into your headphone jack on puter, the other end, red plug & white plug will go into aux. input on your stereo.good answer
For iTunes 6 (don't know if it works with earlier versions), select all the files you want (edit->select all), click on copy, then paste them to a folder/USB drive/CD burner to transfer them to your new computer. You can then install iTunes on the new machine and import the files. Not sure what happens to tunes you've bought on iTunes, but I assume they'll work once your new computer has been registered.. . For playlists, use File->Export Library... or File->Export Song List... on the old machine and File->Import... on the new machine.The iLounge has all sorts of tutorials on iPod and iTunes useThis is easy enough with iTunes 4 or greater.  Install the iTunes on the new computer first.  The use a network connection, USB flash drive (memory stick) or CD (or DVD) burning software to backup you iTunes Music Library.  You can then either import the songs and playlist into the new computer or (with iTunes 4) copy and then recreate the Music Library file.. . This is so much easier with and iPod set to automatic mode.
It appears that the question period has expired. If you have received an answer that meets your needs, please choose a 'best answer.'. Regards.I'm afraid this may be more difficult that it appears.  Voice memo from what device?  That depends.  I do know of a way to turn anything into a ring tone for your cell phone, however, it depends on how good you are with a computer and if you have the appropriate hardware.  . . The first thing you will need is a sound card with a line in connection.  The second thing you will need is some sort of headset connected to the line in.. . The third thing is a free audio editing program known as Audacity, it has two versions 1.2.4 stable and 1.3 beta, I like the beta version.  You will also need the LAME MP3 encoder associated with Audacity to export your recording as a MP3 file.. . Using the headset you will use Audacity to record the voice memo (by actually saying what you want) and then exporting that recording as a MP3 file.. . Maybe there is an easier way that I am not thinking of and if anyone knows I would ask them to post as well.
Your phone could be corrupt....restart it...take the batery out and stuff. Can you delete the Midi files and put them back on? Try that...if you need more info check out the linkThe above answer is good. Let's vote.
I don't think it is terribly important at all.  Reviewers always make a big deal out of this, but replacement batteries are available online, and it is a small matter to open up your device and install the new one.  It will void your warrantee, though.  Usually the original battery outlasts the warrantee, so it is no big deal anyway.To replace it unless their is a shortage or death in it and unless you can't recharge it or lose the charger. Always a good idea
Your scanner has several channels you may program frequencys into but not vice-versa. If you need more detailed info eMail me or IM me on yahoo.each channel has a different frequency.
email them and ask :)There are a few FCC approved testing labs that will test out your product to see if it meets the FCC standards. They will submit a report to the FCC and get it approved, they will also obtain a FCC logo and a certification number. This process usually costs around USD3k-5k depending on how many times the tests need to be repeated. You can look for a suitable testing agency near your area by contacting the FCC folks.
Use lens cleaning tissues (available at any photo store) and a mild cleaner designed for camera lenses.  Camera lenses often have special coatings which can be damaged by windex, etc.  One cleaner I like is ROR (residual oil remover), but anything the camera store has should be fine.They sell kits to do this at many stores. You can read in the directions how they recommend to clean them, yet a lot of people buy the kits.
The receiver needs to have it's own BFO Beat Frequuency Oscillator to reinject the missing carrier. Us Hams using regular receivers, just flipped on the CW switch, which did it.  The you have to turn it for a normal sounding voice, because it will be low piched or high piched, depending on your setting, it's all variable. . If your just purchasing a Short Wave receiver, just select a model that will tune SSB. If you use a standare AM type it will just sound like Donald Duck Talking! :) Just email me if you have questions. :) k5lqp@sbcglobal.netssb uses a modulator demodulator. if u remember the old days of cb radio ,first there was 23 channels then 40 then ssb each cannel had a am /usb/lsb.u had a tuner for siseband,usb/lsb that adjusted the modulation up or down to get a clear voice,same as the exlanation as the ham guy,ore or lesss.john.
Does it have a video output? ADS Technologies Instant VideoCD, USB. . Turn Your Camcorder Into A Live Web Cam (see product link below) or search USBAV-190You can use USB or the RCA-type yellow jack.
depends on your cell company how to obtain it. most are bought directly over the cell phone and downloaded to the ringtones folder.. . if it ain't there goto the website of the provider and check info there. it may be sitting there waiting to be sent to your phoneGo on get it now
You have to have a TiVo DVR and a home network.  Then, you can download the TiVo desktop software and transfer shows to your computer.If you have an analog video capture card, you can do it as simply as you would transfer from the DVR to a VCR.  Just hook it up, play on the DVR, record using the software included with the analog cap card.  Newegg.com has them cheaper (and more readily available) than the electronic retailers.At this time, you can't.  The OS in that thing doesn't even look at either the USB ports or the ethernet.. . Maybe some time in the future, but for now, can't do it.You need a tivo. it's much better than  crapy dvr stuffThere is a way, if you have the Motorola 6412 DVR, to record directly onto a computer through the firewire port on the back.  Check the link below and google "DCT6412 Hacks".You can record it to a DVD with a DVD burner then copy the contents of your DVD to your computer.
If your tv has 4 inputs then plug all them in the inputs. If it does not you can get an input receiver. It has one input plug to plug in your TV and then it has many plugs to plug into it. So you dont have to keep unpluging on to play the other.ditch the vcr
Fron your itunes, uncheck the songs you don't want to include in your ipod (there;s a checkbox on the very first column next to the song name). Next time you synchronize, those songs you unchecked will no longer  be on your ipod.. . Alternatively, you could delete the song from your itunes, (you can choose to delete the file or simply remove the item from your itunes list), but then you either lose the song or can't see it anymore until you add it again.. . The easiest way to remove a song from your ipod is to utilize the checkboxes next to each entryhighleght them then hit delete
The website below may be able to help you out.  I have never heard of DVR program sharing in any DVR except for TiVo.  If your DVR doesn't have a USB port or an Ethernet port then it is not possible.Hey, just bringing this old question up for a vote. . . If you have not found the answer you are looking for, please, feel free to use one of the following links from my personal collection:. . http://www.dogpile.com. http://www.itools.com/. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page. http://www.dictionary.com. http://www.thefreedictionary.com/. http://www.medterms.com/script/main/hp.asp. http://www.alexa.com. http://www.searchtools.com/tools/tools.html. http://www.infopeople.org/search/chart.html. http://www.brbpub.com/pubrecsites.asp. http://www.searchsystems.net/. http://library.albany.edu/internet/choose.html. http://www.archive.org/. http://www.publicnoticeads.com/. http://www.samspade.org. http://www.free-ed.net/free-ed/ . http://www.hplearningcenter.com . http://www.petfinder.com/. http://www.findlaw.com. http://www.rxlist.com. http://www.webmd.com. http://www.truthorfiction.com. http://www.salary.com. http://www.songlyrics.com/. . My post is simply to encourage you to pick a "Best Answer" or to assist you in finding the answer. . . Thank you!
I think the phone comes with a little attacthment from which you can connect your usb cable with then plug the other end of the cable into your computer. I may be wrong though.There is a little hole in the side of the part of the USB that plugs into your phone. Plug the chager in there. I'v had my moto phone for years and always use my usb cord...i never knew you could charge it!!! haha i always wondered what the whole was for tho.
Can't be done through any normal method.Its not possible and illegal. There´s no reason to do this, until the phone is stolen.You can't, this code is fixed for every handset.
There are many softwares which convert your usual CD types to mp3 format. One very popular one is dBpoweramp. The source link will take you to its download site. Its free of cost too.download (free) dbAmp from the web - google it to get the websiteDozens of programs exist, depending on whether you also want the program to play and manage your music, etc. -- popular media players like Windows Media Player and iTunes are easy ways to create mp3s.  You can also use a dedicated program like CDex if you want more control over how the mp3s are created.You have to rip the cd into a media type of player, like Windows Media Player. There you can change the properties to convert to mp3 format.
Actually a lot of the channels are hi def, but you have to pay extra on top of your subscription to get them that way. I think for us it's something like $20, and that's just too much for a month of clear TV after you've bought the expensive hi def TV.High Definition channels eat up huge bandwidth.  They are limited now because 1) it is very expensive to create HD content and 2) it is very expensive to distribute HD content.  Until more people have HD television will it force the providers to start offering more content.  Just remember when "cable TV" was still a new business, they only had about 40 channels to offer their customers.The number of people with high definition tv's compared to standard ones is still very low. As more and more people slowly replace their old tv's with HD ones the demand for HD channels (and therefore the number) will increase.There is a satellite company just for HDTV and has at least 30chs. i think its voom
A SLR camera is a single-lens reflex camera.  The single-lens reflex is a type of camera that uses a movable mirror placed between the lens and the film to project the image seen through the lens to a matte focusing screen. Most SLRs use a pentaprism to observe the image via an eyepiece, but there are also other finder arrangements, such as the waist-level finder or porro prisms.  You can visit the website below for a more detailed overview.Basically, it is a "What you see is what you get" camera, ie. the viewfinder shows what will actually appear on the picture. (Used to be, the older cameras without it had a slight shift because of the distance between the lens and the viewfinder).Since nowadays, digital cameras allow you to see exactly what picture is being taken through the viewfinder, the main advantage of a digital SLR is the fact you can use interchangable lenses.. . That, and the fact that the sensors on digital SLRs are larger, and produce images with less noise.. . There is also generally a much larger feature set on  digital SLRs since they are geared more for the advanced photographer.. . But will a digital SLR take better images? Not necessarily. The most important factor is always going to be the person behind the camera.
According to the Motorola web site, the Razr measures (H x W x D) : 3.86 x 2.08 x 0.54 inches.. . As a side note, I own the black version of the phone and it is awesome. I highly recommend picking one up.Here are the dimentions of the Razr in inches: 1.75 x 3.43 x 0.91
I believe that the Treo uses a "Stereo mini" type headset jack and there are adapters to convert those into various other connections. What I did in my car was to have Circuit City install an RCA input box in my CD Changer input on the back of my standard Honda deck. Then I connected a set of RCA to Stereo mini cables to it and into my headphone jack on my mp3 player.. Email me if you want more info or if this doesn't make sense: dmcewan1 AT maine DOT rr DOT com"Cheapest and easiest" is an fm transmitter.. Get a 2.5mm male to 3.5mm female headset adapter.  Maybe $6.  http://www.google.com/search?q=2.5+3.5+mm+adapter  Or Radio Shack.. . Then look for an fm transmitter for mp3 players that is not iPod-specific.. http://www.google.com/search?q=fm+transmitter+mp3. . I have both an fm transmitter and a casette adapter for my iPod.  The sound quality with the fm transmitter is adequate, though finding an empty radio frequency can be difficult in a big city.  Consider finding a transmitter that you can open and add your own antenna.  (I haven't done this, but I've read that you can improve the sound quality dramatically.)I use a cheapie device I found in the stereo section that is a pseudo-cassette that plugs into the headphone jack of the mp3 player and transmits the player output to the cassette player.. . I also have one that transmits radio waves that I use to transmit CDs to my (very old) installed house stereo.. . You should be able to find these at Radio Shack, or the stereo section of Wally-world, target, or other dept. stores.The sound quality of the radio transmitters is usually not that great.. . I replaced my stero with one that comes with an aux (audio in) so that i can plug in my mp3 player. The link below talks about different sterios that support that.
DON'T STEAL MUSIC! Most "free" downloads are illegal and you are stealing from artists.  Support the continuation of music you like and legally download music.Well hey i already told u.If u want any help ill be glad to tell u on yahoo messanger.
Go to Dish Network Online. You can order online or search for a retailer.go to www.dish network.com
No offence but it probably has something to do with your spelling ability. If you cant spell theres a great possibility that you have issues reading as well. Therefore you may have difficulty navigating this website..I don't know if we do or don't. You should contact Yahoo if you want one.first of all, i don't know why you posted this in the electronics category. Second, there is a religion category here. It's under society and culture!because religion is over rated and the source of all the world's conflicts.. look around, it's the truth!
You have to use the power cable that came with the camera and connect it directly to the bottom...or use the cradle.You dont. USB is for transferring information, as in downloading pictures to your computer. Different cable is used for charging the battery.
I know of no way to make that particular camera function as a webcam.  In fact, I'm not sure if any of canons products function as a webcam.. . If you want a good and cheap webcam, I like the Quickcam Orbit by Logitech but it is $130 and they have some that start at $30.I previously contacted Canon about making my SD400 a webcam.  They told me that none of the Canon cameras are supported for webcam usage.. . I would also suggest buying a camera specifically designed for the web.  You can get some pretty decent cameras from Creative or Logitech.you can use almost any cam as a webcam, if the cam has an a/v out. you also gotta have some sort of video capture device, and then software to place the captured image in to your imaging software
Songs and pictures must be removed in the iTunes software.  Your songs will be updated when you sync your iPod.  You cannot remove songs or pictures directly from the iPod.I have an ipod nano and all i have to do is delete the songs or pictures on itunes and then plug in the ipod to the computer. This will update your ipod
You need to get a phone recorder.  Visit your local RadioShack for that, they have many options.Hey, just bringing this old question up for a vote. . . If you have not found the answer you are looking for, please, feel free to use one of the following links from my personal collection:. . http://www.dogpile.com. http://www.itools.com/. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page. http://www.dictionary.com. http://www.thefreedictionary.com/. http://www.medterms.com/script/main/hp.asp. http://www.alexa.com. http://www.searchtools.com/tools/tools.html. http://www.infopeople.org/search/chart.html. http://www.brbpub.com/pubrecsites.asp. http://www.searchsystems.net/. http://library.albany.edu/internet/choose.html. http://www.archive.org/. http://www.publicnoticeads.com/. http://www.samspade.org. http://www.free-ed.net/free-ed/ . http://www.hplearningcenter.com . http://www.petfinder.com/. http://www.findlaw.com. http://www.rxlist.com. http://www.webmd.com. http://www.truthorfiction.com. http://www.salary.com. http://www.songlyrics.com/. . My post is simply to encourage you to pick a "Best Answer" or to assist you in finding the answer. . . Thank you!
SLR stands for "Single-lens Reflex".  It's a way of constructing a camera so that when the photographer looks through the viewpiece, they are actually looking through the lens of the camera and can see how the photo will be framed.  The viewpiece on other kinds of cameras will be slightly off from the actual photo that will be taken.Single lens reflex.. . Essentially what it means is that the viewfinder operates optically through the actual lens rather than a separate optical tunnel like in cheaper cameras.  This means that what you see is what the lens sees, without any parallax effects at close range.  The viewfinder is much sharper than an electronic one, and it is much more useful in low light.  Also, the vast majority of SLR cameras allow you to change lenses easily.1. Single Lens Reflex.. 2. Others are super duper wastes.. . This has some real good information.Hi !!!. . "Single lens reflex (SLR).. . A type of camera in which the photographer looks through the actual taking lens when he or she peers through the viewfinder.. . Light entering an SLR camera lens hits a mirror installed in the body at a 45° angle, which deflects the light up into the viewfinder pentaprism. When the photograph is actually taken the mirror flips up out of the way, the shutter opens and light strikes the surface of the film behind it. (the one exception being fixed pellicle mirror SLRs). . SLRs have a couple of very significant advantages. First, they do not suffer from parallax error, which makes them useful for closeup or macro photography. Second, what you see is mostly what you get - you can see the effects of filters, for example, before you take the photo. The image in an SLR viewfinder is also not reversed or upside-down, as is the case with TLRs and view cameras.. . There are also a number of disadvantages to SLRs. First, the pentaprism is bulky - it’s the large hump on the top of an SLR. Second, the noise of the mirror slap means that SLRs are always much louder to operate than, say, rangefinders. Third, there is a brief mirror blackout period on most SLRs during which nothing can be seen in the viewfinder (fixed pellicle mirror SLRs being the one exception again). And finally, the mirror forms a physical barrier for the design of very wide-angle lenses, requiring inverted telephoto construction.". . I suggest you to go through the article "How Cameras Work" on www.howstuffworks.com for better idea with picture illustrations.  Link: http://science.howstuffworks.com/camera7.htm. . . >>> Naveen KumarSLR stands for 'single lens reflex'.  SLR cameras use an adjustable mirror to focus an incoming image as it passes from the lens to the focusing screen inside the camera.
oooh I have tried this on many occasion but the bluetooth headset I have (nokia) only does calls.. My guess is this is not posible on the PPC imate.. there are however bluetooth devices you can plug into the audio out of the headphone jack which will broadcast bluetooth audio.  very clunky and probably not worth it.  Other phones will allow you to do this though.Hey, just bringing this old question up for a vote. . . If you have not found the answer you are looking for, please, feel free to use one of the following links from my personal collection:. . http://www.dogpile.com. http://www.itools.com/. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page. http://www.dictionary.com. http://www.thefreedictionary.com/. http://www.medterms.com/script/main/hp.asp. http://www.alexa.com. http://www.searchtools.com/tools/tools.html. http://www.infopeople.org/search/chart.html. http://www.brbpub.com/pubrecsites.asp. http://www.searchsystems.net/. http://library.albany.edu/internet/choose.html. http://www.archive.org/. http://www.publicnoticeads.com/. http://www.samspade.org. http://www.free-ed.net/free-ed/ . http://www.hplearningcenter.com . http://www.petfinder.com/. http://www.findlaw.com. http://www.rxlist.com. http://www.webmd.com. http://www.truthorfiction.com. http://www.salary.com. http://www.songlyrics.com/. . My post is simply to encourage you to pick a "Best Answer" or to assist you in finding the answer. . . Thank you!
If you have a cable to connect it to your computer, or if you have bluetooth on your computer, I can tell you how. E-mail me:. Nwahsnwahs018@yahoo.com. If not, then you should buy a USB cable, or a Bluetooth USB adapter for your computer. Once you can connect your phone to ur computer I can tell you, really quickly, how to unlock it so you can use it on any tower.The network is the one that needs unlocking not the phone. The only one that can change the network is the provider.
This site should help answer all your questions.. . http://electronics.howstuffworks.com/digital-camera1.htmA digital camera works in much the same way as a film camera.  The camera (and its lense) allow light to come into the camera.  In a digital camera a sensor (typically a CCD sensor) captures and records the light that is captured coming into the camera.  The camera then takes this captured information and stores it on either a storage card or within the memory of the camera itself.i lets u take picsread instructions
Heat and cold DOES have an effect on how a battery functions. A battery in cold conditions doesn't function as well. Think about the difference between how your car starts in the winter and how it starts in the summer.It could possibly be just be a myth, but if it is true the reason would be because the sun heats up the molecules and particles inside of the battery causing them to become more active. . . In a abstract essence, it's like giving someone caffeine because it boosts the person's energy levels. It's the same with the chemicals located inside of the battery.
If your talking about services such as DISH Network or DirecTV, they deliver TV by means of DBS (Direct Broadcast Satelite). Heres how the signals get to a customers home. . . DISH Network sends their own relay satelites in to space, and they shoot it upwards up to 32,000 feet in to space. Within this atmosphere is called, the "Clarke Belt." It is possible for satelites to work is because of the clarke belt. In this atmosphere, satelites are able to spin with the earth. . . Next, to actually deliver the TV signal to the customers home, a technique called, "The M Pattern." I'm going to use HBO as an example. . . 1. HBO has on-ground satelites that send programming signal to HBO's transponders in space (the job of the transponders is, it relay's the signal to the ground). . 2. Then from HBO's transponders in space, it shoots down the signal to DISH Networks on-ground satelites. . 3. Next, DISH Networks on-ground satelites shoot it back up to DISH Networks transponders. From their the signal is digitized, compressed and encoded. . 4. From DISH Networks transponders, the signal is shot back down to the customers home satelite dish. . . The customers receivers contain a card which is encoded. When the signal is shot down to the customers home, the receiver only has a partial code to unlock the portion in which the customer has paid for.Satellite recorders such as Tivo works by using an internal hard drive that records any content that runs through it such as what is on your television screen.  When you rewind, pause, or skip, it gets that data off of the hard drive which is already recorded to it.  It is always recording content that your watching.. . The following links will help explain how satellites and recoders (Tivo/DVR/PVR) work.
well i'll tell you an XBOX360 will blow ps2 out of the water and of the face of the earth, not to mention sonys reputation is all they have going for them. XBOX360 premium has a media remote to watch DVDs, a headset and one month subscription to XBOX live gold and comes with a silver subscriptionalready in the hard drive(20 gb) wireless controller; beautiful you can turn off/on the console with the remote or the controller, play mp3s media disks, picture disks and if you want to put grannys face on your dashboard you can....plus the real heart and soul of the 360 is the graphics processors OMG!!!!beautiful graphic and in 5.1 dolby dts dont worry if you dont have a HDTV or a 5.1 home theater you can still enjoy everything in all its beauty. trust me i have one and i love it!i think getting an xbox 260 would be great cause a missprint like that would be worth thousands on ebay.  now an xbox 360 vs a ps2 is another discussion for later.
That really depends on the specific device.  Certainly nothing cooler than 50 degrees (Fahrenheit).  Though if you have a LCD or Plasma TV I would be leery about taking those below 60 degrees.  Though your computer could survive (off) pretty good in 40 degrees.  If you are intending to do this, when you come back and turn the heat on, let everything adjust to the warmer temperatures before you turn them on.The answer depends on the equipment, and whether you're talking "storage temperature" (equipment not running) or "operating temperature."  Almost every consumer product will be OK at storage temperatures down to freezing, but you'll need to warm them up again before turning them on.  (Remember that all that stuff you see at Best Buy has to be able to put up with sitting in unheated trucks for days on the way up to Fargo ND in winter!)  Operating home electronics below, say, 50 degrees probably won't hurt them, but they may not work properly until things warmed up.
Don't think it is possible.. . If it is, it likely involves some hacking that could be very risky.. . Search site below for more info...http://shawdowmite.com this guy has all the hacks.
All i no about that is my si9ster got it and it broke the first night. there is some sort of push button that ejects the usb coard thingHey, just bringing this old question up for a vote. . . If you have not found the answer you are looking for, please, feel free to use one of the following links from my personal collection:. . http://www.dogpile.com. http://www.itools.com/. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page. http://www.dictionary.com. http://www.thefreedictionary.com/. http://www.medterms.com/script/main/hp.asp. http://www.alexa.com. http://www.searchtools.com/tools/tools.html. http://www.infopeople.org/search/chart.html. http://www.brbpub.com/pubrecsites.asp. http://www.searchsystems.net/. http://library.albany.edu/internet/choose.html. http://www.archive.org/. http://www.publicnoticeads.com/. http://www.samspade.org. http://www.free-ed.net/free-ed/ . http://www.hplearningcenter.com . http://www.petfinder.com/. http://www.findlaw.com. http://www.rxlist.com. http://www.webmd.com. http://www.truthorfiction.com. http://www.salary.com. http://www.songlyrics.com/. . My post is simply to encourage you to pick a "Best Answer" or to assist you in finding the answer. . . Thank you!
This is not from another country, if it were from another country it would not be formatted as 000-000-0000. It is from a website (apparently) that someone has probably accidentally put your phone number on. They were registering their cell phone and online it has a place to enter the authorization code sent to your cell phone so that the site can verify that person has that cell phone.I have no idea.  That is not an area code in the United States.  It is possible that it is international.  It could also be possible that the number is being sent to your phone by a computer to mask what the real phone number is.it is coming from an online person/thing you know in AIM on your cell phone it comes from 26980?I think that you have register something online using your cell number. Or call your service provider to see what they say.the area code 111 is not in the US it might it might be from another country.
Go to Radio Shack and ask for a bulk tape eraser. Or, the easy and free way is to rewind to the beginning, put your camera on record and keep the lens cap on. Leave it alone for the length of the tape.Get a big magnet and rub it around on the tape case.  Make sure you don't get too close to other tapes you don't want erased.
Arstechnica has a good tutorial on how to do this for free.  Enjoy.Mark Pilgrim has a good tutorial for Mac OSX users.
A dock is an easy way to recharge and transfer pictures from your digital camera. For example rather than removing the battery and putting it in a charger, then connecting a cable to your camera and in your computer asking the pictures to be transfered, you can just stick it in the dock and press one button on the side. The pictures will be transfered automatically and you will never have to wonder if the battery is charged if you leave the camera in the dock when not in use.No, I don't think so.  The dock is just a simple method to transfer pictures from your camera to your computer.  I would guess the camera comes with everything necessary to do that (probably a USB cable).. . If the dock is an accessory, I doubt you really need it.  As for getting the pictures on your computer, you could even use a card reader to do that (I'm assuming this camera has some kind of removable media).
Here you go.  This should completely answer the question.The elevator (the box) is pulled or left to go down by some cables that are atteched to it and to an engine that do all the work.
On any photo on internet, just right click.There is an option of 'Save Picture As...'.Use that optionIf it's a picture on the web, you can right click on it, select 'save picture as', give it a name, and you're done.  If they are on your digital camera, you can use the software it came with, or you can hook it up to your computer, go to 'my computer' in windows, open the appropriate folders till you get to your pictures and save them to your computer.
Audacity is a free Open Source program that allows you to open, edit, and save most music file types. I have used it with no problems before. The interface was very straight forward and easy to use with common comands such as copy, paste, and delete.This answer is just to bring the question to a vote. Please vote for the above answer.
Not sure about sliding lens protecors on the Evolt but its one of the better cameras from Olympus.i use to have a camera with a sliding lens protector the olympus D575 i think. but it was slow to turn on and off becouse you had to move protecotr every time. by getting rid of them it makes start ups faster also makes the camera look more sleek.
you can, connect your device to the comp via usb, and WMP will recognize it as a music player, provided that your zen has the latest firmware update. also, you can use the creative media organizer software. either way, both are easy. zens suck by the way, and i just sent mine in for the 3rd timeSure, just hook it up to your PC through the USB port and use the software provided.  Very easy (it took a little longer to figure out how to do playlists).. . Btw, I have had nothing but excellent luck with my Zen Micro.
just wait. maybe in a year the price will get 5% or 10% lower. the prices r all the same because it's the latest mp3 that came out and is new.Try ebay.If you're a student you can actually get a small discount from the apple store online. It's not much, but I paid a little less than $300, and that included tax, shipping and free engraving.because its new and no one is willing to go low cuz when one producer goes low others must compete and they think that   is a gud price and dont want to sell lesser then it is,,,if u want one wait a while then get it ..it will be cheaper
Use and old toothbrush to dust away the crud.q tip sounds good. compressed air also.I'd use a moistened Q-tip, or one of those keyboard blower things in a can with the thing long, tip. That always works...I would take a q-tip and dip it into some rubbing alcohol..   Using an old toothbrush would scratch it up and wouldn't get cracks.
The TiVo (t?-v?) personal video recorder is a consumer video component allowing users to capture television programming to internal hard drive storage. TiVo systems can function similarly to VCRs, but use non-removable hard-disk storage, and contain much more sophisticated software to record programming - not only programs the user specifically requests, but also other material the user is likely to be interested in. ...http://www.tivo.com. I'm sorry but some of the questions on here are just way too basic.  Do us all a favor: Do a little research on your own and then come back here with some specific questions.  Search engines are a wonderful thing.
Actually, he does. In the South Park movie Bigger, Longer, and Uncut at the end, and in a few of the episodes.he does
Basically night vision goggles work by boosting the gain electronically in the display unit to enhance the amount of light (infrared light usually) that we see. This is different from thermal imaging, which lights a pixel at a certian level dependent on the heat that pixel is picking up.Simply, night vision goggles amplify available light, mixing it with infared light, then enhance contrast to produce a visible image.
Have you ever heard of Gammadyne's DJ Jukebox (not to be confused with the Dell DJ Jukebox MP3 player).   This is a playlist generator where you can give songs numerical ratings and set other play criteria to control your listening experience.   You could create three directories and depending on the number of songs per directory and the ratings you assign, you should be able to approximate the experience you want.The first answer sounds like a good one!just do it!!!
nokia 7610. i looks damn gud man!. and has lots and lots of featuresWho am I to give such review  :oD. . Try http://www.mobileburn.com to get reviews from expert with vast experience.
A dark brown ink or pigment originally prepared from the secretion of the cuttlefish.Sepia is an earthy yellowish tone usually associated with old looking photographs. You can buy sepia toner to artificially create this effect on new black and white pictures... or you can apply a "sepia effect" to a digital image with many photo editing applications (such as Photoshop).. . Sepia is also the name of a tan/brown hue, as it pertains to paint or pigment.A dark brown color applied to photographs or other prints.
Just leave it in the USB port.  That is how it charges its battery.You the charger provided. Plug it into the wall and plug the other end into the IPODIt helps if it is a USB 2.0 port.
where are you streaming music from? if it's from launchcast/yahoo! music, it's probably because you don't have windows media player installed or you need to set it so that it detects connection speed automatically (tools, options, performance). That should fix it.I don't know.. . Try http://www.google.com. . Type in the subject and I bet they can help.
you can download Nokia Pc Suite , a software utility to connect your phone with pc, of courseyou will also require an IR port or a data cable to connect your phne with pc. Once connected you can use the Nokia Pc suite to copy messages to and from from pc and phone. You cna download the PC suite from NOkia site for free.As much as I know, Its not possible. The dude above who suggested using Nokia PC suite is I suppose don't know that Nokia have clarified that Nokia PC Suite does not support phone with symbian operating system. Nokia 6600, I suppose run on symbian operating system. I am using nokia 6260 and I am also searching a solution, I will let you know if I find it.
you can't transfer without the use of a computer.Speedy is right. First you have to move the files from one player to your computer, then move them again to the second player.
On limewire try to get an older verison of limewire. The new one trys to make things more leagl. if ot won't let you do that try to get an older verison somewhere elseWhy are you downloading music illegally?  You know you're putting yourself at risk for getting all kinds of viruses.  Think of it as a one night stand.  You're in and out.  It was good, right?  Few days later you're not feelin' so well.  That's what it's like.  If a file you download gets corrupted because it didn't download fully- it makes a duplicate copy.  Even if you delete it, it's still there.  Use protection.get the latest verson
Play your track, then drag your thumb clockwise around the click wheel. Good luck.You use the scroll pad.. . And Merry Christmas!!well if u want it to get louder turn the pad clock wise and if u want it to get quieter then turn it to other way.it's the same as on the regular ipod I guess, you have to turn the wheel counter clockwise to lower the volume or clockwise to increase it.. Merry Xmaspretty much the same as all the other iPods! I guess.
I own this camera. I think I dont have a good pair of batteries with it, takes couple of seconds for flash to get back. I usually operate in AUTO mode, but have also used night-shooting, museum and sports modes. Movie recording is neat (audio is also there), though the format is Quicktime - which means burning a VCD needs additional software. There is a software CD along with it - but I havent really used it.. . For family and general use, I guess its perfectly fine. What you might want to check is the price-point! Cos I bought it about an year ago, and among the options in similar price ange, it was the best!. . So if you would state the price-point n your options, u might get a better help on buying decision.I always prefer to go to Steve's Digicams when I'm looking for a review of a digital camera, because they give sample pictures as well as specs on shutter lag (which I consider very important if you don't want to miss a good candid shot) and other specs.. . "Shutter lag, the delay between depressing the shutter button and capturing the image, measured an impressive 1/10 second when pre-focused using the optical viewfinder; use of the LCD monitor adds less than 1/10 second to the pre-focused lag because of the delay in presenting the live viewfinder image, one of the most responsive LCD's I've used."
Your Ipod probably came with the iTunes software where you can download music directly from Apple.  That's probably the easiest way to download music to your Ipod.  However, Wal-Mart also has their own music downloading service, but they only charge 88 cents a song instead of 99 cents.  They currently have 800,000 songs to choose from.Use iTunes for either Mac or Windows.  I have several thousand mp3s in my iPod [original 20GB].  iTunes, nicely keeps changes in my collection on several drives on my Windows XP machine in sync each time I plug in my iPod.  I am routinely listening to, deleting, and getting new podcasts this way too.
If you are using Windows XP then you can download a freeware converter called Videora.  It will convert any video media you have into the iPod format.  To change the directory where the converted files are saved go to Setup in the main program.. . The Quicktime method doesn't work very well and Videora does it cleaner and much faster.if u go to the file and hit the right click on the mouse. go to open with and if u have windows media player u can sync it there. or right click and go to properties. then go to change. i hope that helps
will it depends if it is a power subwoofer and the receiver has a subwoofer preout you simply need a subwoofer cable and you would connect the preout from the receiver to the sub input. if it is a passive sub meaning it is not power by its our amp you then see several speaker jacks on the back of the sub. these jacks are input and out jacks. this would require you to run speaker wire from the front speaker jacks on the receiver to the input speaker jacks on the sub then you would run the out speaker jacks on the sub to you front speakers.. the fastest way to find if it is passive or not if is is powered by the wall is not passive.. also read the owners manual to see is your reciever would need to have the subwoofer preout turned on through the menu option of the receiver.The above answer is good. Let's vote.
dry it out and dont use it for a couple of daysLet it rest with the wheel facing down on some kind of soft cloth for at least 24 hours. Hairdryer is not recommended :(. . Sorry about your gadget :(...
See sites below for solution.... . Search forums for ringtones...There just aren't.  I suggest getting Pocket Tunes and an MP3 Ringtone software.  I use Treo Guard as my MP3 ringer and for its other functions.. . You need the Pocket Tunes for most of the other MP3 ringer programs as well.  You might want to make sure you have a memory card for the MP3's.
You can download picture and other stuff from you mobile to the pc and viseversa by using the nextel data cables privided. if not you have two options. you may go for buying the databacle over here. http://nextelonline.nextel.com/NASApp/onlinestore/en/Action/OSBrowseAccessoriesOnly?audience=INDIVIDUAL&id12=Personal_Wireless;Accessories&language=EN. or you can use bluetooth in your phone to do the same thing. Usually this turns out cheaperDepending on the type of nextel phone you own, you'll have to look at the accessories to find out which data cable you'll need for you phone. . . (Here's the website for the accessories, if it does not work here's the site for nextel)
In the near future we will deal with the body LAN networks its the age of WPAN (Wirless Personal Area Network) the age of shared resources where all your mutimeadia needs can be shared on the main network of different Radio and Data services providers, you dont have to care about the capacity of the Personal device that you carry coz all the resources you need will be shared, also you can make your phone calls and video conferencing through many existing (GSM&3G) networks, you there have the ability to choose the network operator you want to make your call through (Depending on the quality and the importance of your call),More usage of the internet which can be accessed from any node of the complete network and more improvments on technology ((VoIP))which will allow wirless phone calls to be done through the packet switched data network (Internet). also its the age for possibility of Infra-Red data transmission and more Central optical fiper networks, but for end user connections ((Everything is Wirless))...Just imagine!!!people will become so intelligent they will just communicate thru eye ball motions, even extra sensory perceptions can be major mode of communicationyour guess is as good as mineMobile devices would be the go atleast 5 years down the line.  They will not just have cell-phone capabilities, but they will also have multiple radios so thaht they can seamlessly switch between Wi-Fi, GSM, Mobile Wimax (IEEE 802.16), etc. depending upon the network availability, speed, and the cost of bandwidth.. . Most screens will be OLED (Organic LED) for better sharpness and could be arranged horizontally or vertically depending upon your view, will have touch screens (or some exotic projection or holographic screens), holographic memory for better storage, ultralight aluminium cassing (the Razr has already got it), etc.. . The possibilities are endless...
Organic LSD is produced by certain type of mushrooms - the so called "magic mushrooms". They have an extremely poisonous mimic, the only difference being:. when it is cut close to the ground the poisonous has pink circle, while the "magic" one has brownOrganic LCD crystals are grown.  When a current is passed through them instead of only generating a color (requiring a backlight to make the color visible) the organic LCD crystals also generate light or luminence with that color.. . Also, this type of LCD is much more efficient because it doesn't take much energy to get it give off color + light elliminating the need for a backlight.  The backlight in LCD devices is where a lot of the power goes right now.  . . Imagine if your cell phone would last for hours more just because the screen was more efficient... or your handheld PDA or gaming system... pretty exciting stuff.. . Go to those links others gave you for more information. I just wanted to give you the short summary version.A new type of display technology that is set to be "next big thing" in displays.. . http://www.audioholics.com/techtips/specsformats/organic_OLEDs_1.htm
As far as I know, the only way to get that annoying beep to stop is to put your phone in "Silent" mode. This seems to be the only way to shut it up without turning it off.Go to settings and somewhere there you should be able to turn the low battery tone offSimple; charge the battery.
uh, it's hard, because I don't have one. But, you can just download the same music, ever heard of that?Well, if you've saved your old iPod's mix on iTunes under a playlist, you can just put that playlist onto the new iPod.  Otherwise, I think you just have to do it song by song.
conradj213 gave a good answer.  Please award a 'best answer' accordingly.Perform a hard reset, that will restore original factory settings and erase everything stored on it.  To do this hold down the on/off switch and press the reset button on the back.  A message will appear asking if you want to erase all data, if you do, select yes and the device will reset.  For full instructions see Palm, below.
Try buying a new adapter from the manufacturer. It should be able to find their web site by searching or looking in the book.  Contacting customer service or should let you order a new one.Try asking in the newsgroups linked below.
do you want you know which brand is better or what else.. . DVD-R of MoserBear may be a good choice.On computer you can use +R or -R but in a stand alone DVD recorder it should say in the manual what kind yours needs.
You can always trust Sony. You can't go wrong. But If you're going flat panel, plasmas (although the same as LCD are expensive to repair if pixels go) usually last longer. Definetly go Sony though.Sony is lower on the echelon, people who believe in that brand are not in the business and will say that because of the propaganda. You can get more quality for a better price with Toshiba, Samsung, LG, Sharp, JVC and Panasonic LCDs.
S-Video is only for video and no audio is transmitted.   To send audio from the headphone or line-out jack on your laptop you'll need a 1/8" Mini Stereo to RCA Cable.  The Mini-Stereo adapter plugs into your laptop and the RCA portion (the red and white connectors) will plug into your TV.   An example of one is linked below.S-video is only video.  You need to add the audio connection whatever that may be.  Try Radio Shack for an adapter.
TFT stands for "Thin Film Transistor" and refers to a type of LCD panel. It is the standard technology used by LCD screens these days.TFT. (Thin Film Transistor) The term typically refers to active matrix screens on laptop computers. Active matrix LCD provides a sharper screen display and broader viewing angle than does passive matrix. See LCD and thin film.
Burn them to an cd with iTunes, then use a seperate program (like Free CD Ripper) to rip them off the cd. Don't forget to stick it to the man and throw them up on Limewire. :-)Jhymn which will do two things, it will remove the DRM and convert them to MP3s.. . http://www.hymn-project.org/jhymndoc/ but it is not fully compatible with iTunes 6.0 purchases, you can try it but there is no guarantee it will work.. . Okay as long as you actually purchased the song in the first place I see nothing wrong with you downloading them from Limewire (if you can find them), http://www.limewire.com/ and see if you can find the MP3s there.if you right click on the song you want to convert, there should be a choice "convert to mp3". that should work, but i'm not sure if it works for purchased songs. however, if it doesn't work, burn the purchased songs to a cd and then import it back into your computer as an mp3. that will definitely work!!burn um on to a cd and trannsfer to whatever device you have but you cant get them from itunes directlydownload a convertor on line its free
You have to go more low-tech than that. Examples of some things that can be used on the USB port are keyboards, headsets and microphones.  Even with that, you can't just play any USB version of those in - most have to be for the Playstation specifically.. . I've also heard of a PS2 USB Network Adapter and a data transfer cable so companies have found ways to utilize it.the usb ports are for selected items only mostly ones made for the ps2 such as a key board. not a normal one though one that is made specifically for it. well soon enough ull be able to plug ur psp into a ps3 and use it as a controller adn upload stuff onto ur ps3. that will be cool. and ya i think ull be able to upload pics from a camera as well with the new ps3.
depends on the model. note that not all of digital cameras are webcamsIt appears that the question period has expired. If you have received an answer that meets your needs, please choose a 'best answer.'. Regards.
depends on the topic .... the following link gives u 25 fullforms!!!AUDIO VISUAL ROOM :-)
trans came from the word TRANSmit and CEIVER came from the word reCEIVER, hence  it means an apparatus that can transmit audio/video signals and also receive audio/video signals. video sender is also a transceiver like videophoneA transceiver is a device that has a transmitter and a receiver which are combined. The portmanteau term originates around World War II. Technically, transceivers must combine a significant amount of the transmitter and receiver handling circuitry. Similar devices include transponders, transverters, and repeaters.. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transceiverin simple terms , a tranceiver is an electronic device that can do two things , one recieve signals and the other send signals electronicaly! this may be by wire or wireless. most noted units were the C.B. radio! Now the most noted units are cell phones. A video sender takes a video signal ..processes the information and "transmits" that information to another reciever most likely attached to a vcr or vcd . i use a wireless video sender on my camcorder for recording remotely on a home powered recorder! saves battery life and the tape is usually better quality unless i connect directly to my computer and record directly to hard drive. hope that helps.
you match the speakers to the amplifier which usualy is 8 ohms, most speakers are also 8 ohms.Check out the site link below. It should answer all your questions.
DivX® is a video codec created by DivX, Inc. (formerly DivXNetworks, Inc.), regarded for its ability to compress lengthy video segments into small sizes while maintaining relatively high visual quality. DivX uses lossy MPEG-4 Part 2 compression, where quality is balanced against file size for utility. It is one of several codecs commonly associated with ripping, where audio and video multimedia are transferred to a hard disk and transcoded. As a result, DivX has been a center of controversy because of its use in the replication and distribution of copyrighted DVDs.. Its a high quality codec though has a smaller size(MB) than other codecs.Divx is a file format commonly used for video files. The divx player is a program for playing video files (divx and otherwise) with. It's an excellent player and I highly recommend it.Well divX also compresses hugh movie files into small ones < without compromising picture quality >.Like for eg a 1GB file can be sized down to 200mb using divX.
A sound format that produces five discrete channels of sound in the left, right, center, left rear and right rear positions. 5.1 systems also have 1 channel for LFE (low frequency effects), which is normally sent to a subwoofer.it's for srereo. it means there are 5 speakers and 1 subwoofer. . 1 center channel. 2 fronts L & R. 2 rear L & R. 1 sub
The best answer is, it depends on the computer architecture. In a personal computer, cpu and microprocessor are one and the same. In a larger computer such as an AS400, the cpu is a seperate unit with lots of microprocessors and other chips. The larger the computer system, the more spread out the cpu functions are among components."In the world of personal computers, the terms microprocessor and CPU are used interchangeably."Technically a microprocessor is an element/part where as cpu (central processor) is a unit/set of microprocessor(s)
For excellent information on how to do this go to www.apple.com and click on the Support bar. In the search button type in Final Cut Pro 5. It will bring out a lot of articles on the subject plus software updates to download.I have worked with very little HD material but have experience with the latest version of Final Cut Studio.  To create an HD DVD, you must use DVD Studio 4.  It is capable of transferring HDV to HD on DVD with no recompression according to the Apple site.  I have included the link here and I imagine it is explained in-depth in one of huge manuals that comes with the software.
You're right about the FCC regulations (Part 15).  But you can improve the range of those little transmitters by giving them a decent antenna, cut to the frequency you're using.. . Also, Ramsey Electronics, and no doubt others, sells FM transmitter kits that are more substantial than the little ones you mention.  You don't need too much more power to cover your house.You would need to change out IC chips.  It wouldn't be too easy.  You might consider setting up a bigger antenna.
Speaker a/b is a option on some stereos to split of music to satisfy only people who want to hear it to hear it. If you have four speakers in stereo 2 in th eliving room and two in the kitchen but the people in the kitchen are busy talking and do not want to hear music but hte peple in the other room do you can switch AB to stop sound in kitchen only or opposite.some speaker that is named a/b
I believe you mean the difference between interlaced and progressive.  Interlaced means it shows every other line in first and then fills in the gap the next one.  Progressive means it displays all the lines at the same time.. . See link below for more details.Wrong, progressive scans ahead.
Issues of compatibility.The Palm E2 PDA uses Palm's new HotSync connector, which debuted in the T|5 and Treo 650 models.  The E uses a mini USB connector not supported by most dock accessories.  Unlike the Palm E PDA, you can purchase a cradle separately for the E2.
sound quality is everything depending on the brand will depend on the effeciency along with the frequency response of each speaker and watts supplied from the stereo or receiveryou can buy a spl meeter, sound pressure level meeter at radio shack, not very exp.. determine what your ratings are via labels on speakers and measure that with spl meeter. If you are not reaching the specs, more amplifier power may be required. some speakers are more efficient than others based on the power handleing capabillities, and more power than said requirments is ussualy better!
magic!  try it some time.The camera is mechanism that flickers a lense to capture pictures and blast them onto a roll of film that you can take to any store and get it developed.A camera is a device used to take pictures (usually photographs), either singly or in sequence, with or without sound recording, such as with video cameras. A camera that takes pictures singly is sometimes called a photo camera to distinguish it from a video camera. The name is derived from camera obscura, Latin for "dark chamber", an early mechanism for projecting images in which an entire room functioned much as the internal workings of a modern photographic camera, except there was no way at this time to record the image short of manually tracing it. Cameras may work with the visual spectrum or other portions of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Get yourself a DVD burner and copy them that way.  I doubt you'll find much use for VHS technology in the future.DVD, they are more commonly used these day and a lot better quality.
Open it up and clean the lens with a q-tip dipped in alcohol. I had to do that to my brothers machine and it worked like a charm.go to the PS2 website. I know my PS2 messed up as well as several other people I know. You can mail your PS2 in to playstation and they will fix it for you and send it back to you. All you have to do is pay for the shipping and handling. Since sending mine in I have had no problems with it whatsoever. You can go to this website and see if they can help you if you weant to send your PS2 in for repairs follow the contact us link and email them and they will send you the information on how to get your PS2 fixed by email Good Luck
SP = Short Play; LP = Long Play. SP has a higher quality, but takes up more or the tape. Whereas LP has a lower quality, but uses less tape. Longer recording time comes with lower quality.sp is short play but good quality. lp long play is long but not as good quality
Not all DVD players read +r. Also; older DVD players don'r read alot of burned formats.Older DVD players may not read all bookypes. If you are trying to play burned DVD's the best option would be to burn in DVD-ROM format, rather than DVD-r or +r. Many DVD burners will have an option or utility that will change the booktype for you.. . If it's commercial DVD's that are not playing, try cleaning the DVD Heads with a cleaning disk, and make sure that the disk you are trying to burn is also clean.
On iTunes, go to file, "add file to library," and then brouse your computer for the song you want to put on your iTunes. What you can do is transfer your entire Limewire library by choosing "add folder to library" and adding the Limewire folder.I'm not sure if ipod nano is the same as the mini ipod, but look for the song in the file you downloaded and move them into your iTunes. Then click on that song to add to your ipod. Hope that helps
My PSP would not connect to my wireless internet adaptor at first. My dad and I called the SONY phone service (given in the instruction manual) and found out we needed to change a setting on the adapter. Goodluck!Go to like a starbucks and search for an access point, and use that. If you are using an access point at home, have your PSP search for it. Also, make sure your wi-fi switch is on.you arnt close enough to a wireless conection.try goin to the mall, there are lots of online computers.I also got a psp for christmas and had the same problem, but like others have said, once i turned on the wifi switch, It worked great,, still a pain in the but to use. have to scroll through screen,, it dont fit in the window. I am still wanting the 1gig flash card so i can save music and files.
Another option is to purchase a DVD Recorder, which you can use for regular DVD watching, recording broadcast shows on DVDs, or recording a camcorder input, or most importantly for you, an input from a VHS.. . Most DVD recorders have copy protection detection though, preventing you from recording commercial VHS tapes, but for the recordings you have made off of a TV or camcorder, DVD recorders work just fine.Dazzle makes an external capture card.  This will allow you to connect your VHS machine to the dazzle board, use some software to capture the video that is going thru the card, then use another piece of software to burn a dvd.. . I did this with most of my VHS collection.  It's time consumming so I don't recommend that you sit thru the video each time, but it works very well.You can get an adapter at RadioShack that will connect to your USB port, comes with software that will allow you to connect any AV device to your computer then capture the video.  If you have a DVD burner you can then burn the DVD's and it works great!  Its called a CameraMate $69.99.
digital ( DV ) also records to tape, they just do not use the nalog method that older cam corders use. most all DVd cams use a 1394 ( firewire ) connection to the computer and thus a digital connection and no generational loss when trasferring over . Analag must use the RCA cable connects and must be caputured over to the computer, bandwidth is not the same and thus thogh the foramt is RAW uncompressed AVI, it does not compared to the RAW uncompressed AVI from a DV cam. DVD simple trounces it, but analog cams are cheaper.. . Newer "digital" based cams that record to mem stick are a joke ATM, trying to be all in ones ( with camera still duty ) leads to resoltion / time comprimises. They are ok for web uplods were hi quality is not a factor, but I would never use them for anything serious.i like the digital ones because one time you buy a memory and its enough . its very easy to send them to pc and make dvd or cd's of them or a nice album and ... and for sure you can edit them whith nice programs  :)Without getting into the technology too much, an analog camcorder will record the sound and video to magnetic tape, like a VHS tape.  A digital records to computer memory.  If you are planning on transfering the videos to your computer and burning cd'd or dvd's out of them, go with the digital.  If you don't have a computer, go with the analog.
CD players play a different format than mp3. Even if you put 20MB worth of mp3's on there, they are converted into a different, much larger format. Standard CD players can't play mp3's.It says 700Mb data and "so many minutes" (probly 70 or 80) of music.  Come on.  Use your head.it depends on how u put music in the disc. If u made an "audio" cd..it makes the music files in WAV. WAV files are huge. If u made an MP3 CD, u can fit about 92 songs..but u need a CD player that plays MP3s.If you burn the disk as an audio disk the files are converted to the orginal CD format and are larger. MP3 and WMA are compressed and have a smaller file size.There must be files on the CD already; get another blank disc.A blank CD (or just about any CD) can hold up to 700 MB of data. When you convert the contents of a music or audio CD (the uncompressed music) to the MP3 format the files become smaller. MP3 files can be 10 times smaller (or more) in size when compared to the original audio track, depending on the quality and other settings you use when converting or "ripping" them from a music CD.
4th gens started with the blue backlight screen. . 3rd gens also have the play, pause, ff, rw buttons above the clickwheelclickwheel is 4th nonclickwheel is 3ed
No such thing!Are you serious??  If you find out let me know.  I would like to know what I need to do to my car to instantly fill my gas tank!!
same here, i can't get any music on my psp. i think it has something to do with the software.you should download psp 9well first u have to download it on ur computer than to ur psp!!!. =>
Because I don't barely have 60 gigs worth of music/videos. So its not neccesary. 30 gig is enough for me.I'd consider a Creative Zen Vision or Creative Zen Vision: M.. . It'll play MPEG-1/2/and-4 video as well as WMV video.. . I don't own one so I can't comment on how well it works.. . With these players, you can also rent all the music you can cram onto the player for as little as $10 a month.  That's like thousands and thousands of songs.  You can't do that with an Apple iPod.I'm skeptical about buying a regular Ipod, let alone a video Ipod. Videos take up so much more space than music, so you wouldn't be able to fit as much video onto the Ipod as you would music. Another thing that bothers me is that so many people have had problems with their Ipod..every single person I know that owns one has had problems. I also know that Apple is not doing too much about solving this problem either. I haven't seen the quality of video on the video Ipod. I don't see why Apple even made the video Ipod. They've had so many problems with the standard Ipod, they should've spent more time improving those instead of coming out with something else that's going to break. All they wanna do is make money...they're obviously not concerned about quality whatsoever.
could be a fuse , but it a good possabilty that the little bulb that lites the display burnt out. The thing that sucks is its not easy to replace being you have to unassemble the radio and solder the bulb in. Hopefully you got most of your favorite stations allready in your presetsbecause they are not lit up
DIFFERENTIAL INPUTS - A signal input circuit where SIGNAL LO and SIGNAL HI are electrically floating with respect to ANALOG GROUND.. . SINGLE-ENDED INPUTS - A single-ended input has no commond mode range because there is only ONE low wire, which is shared by all inputs.Good input :-P
"A Digital Video Recorder is a generic term for a device that is similar to a VCR but records television data in digital on a hard drive as opposed to a VCR tape. A DVR looks like a VCR and has all of the same functionality of VCR (recording, playback, fast forwarding, rewinding, and pausing) plus the ability to skip to any part of the program without having to rewind or fast forward the data stream."A DVR stands for Digital Video Recorder. It records the show your watching and then it can rewind it so you can watch it overA digital video recorder (DVR) is a device that records video to a digital storage medium in digital form. The term DVR may be used to describe a piece of equipment such as a Personal Video Recorder (PVR) or a CCTV DVR. It may also be used to reference a function in a piece of equipment such as a digital video camera that has a DVR function built into it.. . Television and video are terms that are sometimes used interchangeably but in their narrow definitions are different. Video is the visual portion of television where as television is video and audio modulated onto, (combined with), a carrier frequency, (television channel), so that it may be transported either wirelessly or over cables with many other frequencies, (channels).a dvr is a cd that you can build movies with it
I am almost 100% sure that it is because of the graphics card. It could also be the disk. But it's probably something that your computer needs to run the game like a better graphic card or more RAMIt's entirely possible that your computer doesn't meet the system requirements for the game.  If that is the case, then the game won't run properly.
What you need is an Inverter to convert DC (typical battery) to AC (typical wall socket).. . Technical answer:. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inverter. . Commercial answer:. http://www.dcacpowerinverters.com. . You can buy this device in almost any store where electronics are sold.You would have to wire up a battery to the secondary side of the transformer inside the radio the first thing that happens to the power entering the radio is it is converted to dc before it can power the board inside. All electronic devices run on DC
go to the music store, and buy the song you want, use a gift card or credit card. . also buy tv shows for 1.99 each!!!!!!!You can do it with any major credit cards - VISA, Master Card. . Each song would cost you $0.99You can buy a pre-paid card at electronic and music stores that U use just like for phones. They have a category on the I-tunes site just for the cards. Or, I believe U can use a credit card. Not sure about that though. I always get the pre-paid cards.Easy. Go to http://www.apple.com/itunes The info and songs are there.
If you select the Mp3 you want to delete, selcet MENU key, then choose delete to delete the song. Unless you are trying to delete Mp3 that came with the phone and i don't think that is possible cos most of the them are lockedUnfortunately I don’t have that mp3 player so I can be to much help to you, but you can always use google and/or try contacting the manufacture and seeing what they say. Also try the manufactures web site.. Sorry I could not be of more help,. -=djdrew=- . For tech help email djdrew@annoyingdrew.com
Try adjusting the brightness, tint, etc.  Look at all the options in the menu (sometimes the remote control has a menu button.). . If not, buy another tv- not that brand.Use the tint knob.
you would have to have the tivo box that allows you to put it on your computer and than chop it from thereImport your file to windows movie maker and edit down the program the aay you want it.  Or search online for a freeware tool if you are not satisfied with MS.  There are many great editing tools for Tivo and all media files out there.  some are very cheap $29.99 or so.Not that I know of.
you can use as a webcam only when your Camera has the Webcam option in your camera.. . Turn the option ON,. also there should be a driver to be installed. if your camera has this option, you can find the driver from the CD which comes with the Camera.You have not said what make and model of camera it is, and also assuming it is a digital cameraI don't think you can, though you can use a webcam as a camera.what answer i can give when not guided properlyYou need to have a camera that can be configured as a USB-streaming device. For example, look at the Panasonic PV GS35. You also need the corresponding drivers on the PC (assuming you are using PC). You cannot use a camera without this feature, as a webcam.
A digital camera is nothing more than a film camera with a different image capturing system.  You use a digital camera in the same way that you use a film camera.  The difference is that the sensitivity to the light that comes into the camera is much more in film than digital.  This means that you are able to capture more extremes of light and dark with film.Turn the dial to the picture of the green camera.. . Use the power button to turn the camera on.. . Firmly press the big button on the top right to take a picture.Refer to the USAGE MANUAL, or if you don't have it, go to SONY's website, you'll find it all there.
When you download the songs you find where the song is first(usuly under docments and settings then shared files, If you cant find it that way do a seach on it.) Then you put it into My Music and then you put it on to your Ipod the same way you usuly put on the songs on.for the ipod, u gotta dl itunes, then u load the songs into there, and from itunes u put the songs into the limewire.
different way:. by cable connection (the best way). by infra red (If you have it in your PC). by blue touth (If you have it in your PC)i how do i know
Perform the reset process shown at the Palm website.. . If that does not help. try posting at the forums at www.brighthand.com- they can help with almost anything Palm-related!You have to perform a "hard reset" which is different from the regular reset. If you do this you will lose all the data that didn't come with the PDA -your programs and saved files- To do this you have to hold down the power button and press the reset button at the same time, then you will see a message on the screen asking you whether you want to reset the PDA.
An ultrasonic humidifier uses a metal diaphragm vibrating at an ultrasonic frequency, much like the element in a high-frequency speaker, to create water droplets. An ultrasonic humidifier is usually silent, and also produces a cool fog.Ultrasonic Humidifier (Cool Mist Humidifier) - A metal diaphram vibrating at an ultrasonic frequency creates water droplets that exit the humidifier in the form of a cool fog. Although silent, Ultrasonic Humidifiers should be cleaned regularly to avoid bacterial contamination which may be projected into the air.
NiMH have a shorter shelf life that other batteries. If you left them in a smoke detector they would be dead in less than 6 months.The voltate in the NiMH battery are lower than the regular Alkaline battery. Using the NiMH might triggers a false alarm with your detector.. . This is my just my guess.Causes intereption to the sensor.
you need to make sure the video file is mpeg or mp4. you also need the new itunes version 6.0.2 that allows you to import your own videos. then i believe that you can convert the file to "ipod format".I dont think you can i think you can just put the previews MAN.. sorry i have i have an ipod video and i cant do it eitherThere are ways of utilizing programs to import dvd's, but the catch is, they can't be encrypted, if they are, then you can't import it. Otherwise, video files are mpeg-4, or m4v files in itunes.
The 10-key calculator system was around long before push-button phones. But the phones opted to go a different way because they figured people were more used to having the numbers with 1 first, because that's the way they were on the older rotary phones.because ppl r stupid and event things that dont make sence
The best way I have found to clean a CD or DVD, short of buying a skip doctor, is to buy some of those alcohol prep pads from the first aid section. They are soaked in alchohol so you just have to take it out and rub it all over the data area of the disc. Works wonders for anything besides actual scratches. They are cheap and also good for cleaning cuts and scrapes!You can use a tiny amount of dish soap and water then dry it with a Kleenex.maybe rubbin alchol?
When someone calls the call goes through a series of computers. One of the computers jobs is to send the caller ID data to your Caller ID box or Phone with Caller ID a message encoded in 1's and 0's which is assembled as your name and phone number information. This process is very similar to the way data is sent over the internet from modem to modem.whenever someone calls it tracks the number in which it is calling from and shows it to you on the screenCaller ID is really what your phone is registered under at your phone company. When the call goes through to your phone, the phone company sends information about that caller. This information is in a series of 1's and 0's. Your phone then decodes this information and displays it on the screen. If you were to block your name/number, the phone company would send the message, Blocked Call.. For more information go to:. http://electronics.howstuffworks.com/framed.htm?parent=question409.htm&url=http://www.ainslie.org.uk/callerid/cli_faq.htm
Chemical production of electricity if you are talking about a lemon voltaic battery.  If you take a thin strip of zinc metal and another of copper and insert them into a lemon until most of the strip in inside the fruit you can light an LED or feel the electric bite if you touch you tongue to the metal strips.Perhaps the juice in lemons is used for energy and power.
read the iPod manual unless you stole it of coarseUnless you bought it preloaded (or something else) it should have come with a CD that will load all of the info onto your computer. If it was preloaded there is a seperate drive F:/ for storage  of external equipment. Try to go to My Computer and find it, then click on the songs and hit ctrl and click on the rest. Try to copy the songs and then paste them into iTunes...which is the only program that you can use to store and download your songs onto your iPod
Yeah, they've been replaced by the faster, cheaper, more reliable ink jet printers. They've gone the way of the dot matrix. It's time to step into the 21st century and get an inkjet.Amazon.com $349.85. etronics4less $211.99
If your TV is cable-ready, it will have what's called an RF connector somewhere on the back of the set.. . I found a site that gives a pretty good explanation.  It's a site that deals with a particular setup, on a college campus, but the illustrations and text should be helpful to you:As in a computer or what? If you mean your computer, a coaxial jack on the back...same on a tv or vcr or whatever. See the source for a pic.
The phone buttons have alphabet characters on them, and since we read from top to bottom, left to right, it makes sense to have the numbers go top to bottom, left to right.  On a calculator, there are no letters, and as our hand rests on the ten-key portion of the keyboard, it makes sense for us to reach farther to hit the higher valued keys.  No doubt this is a carryover from mechanical adding machines of yore.This is more for ergonomic reasons - 0's and 1's are the most used numbers. I wish I had just one 0 added to my paycheck (before the decimal)!Calculators were developed first, around 1893 Thomas Edison first transformed an abacus into a calculator using his new telephone technology.  Phones were developed in the Mirror Kingdom, where as you know, all things appear upside down and backwards.
You have to set the iPod to manual mode, meaning that autosync is not on. This will allow you to use the iPod with multiple computers, but you'll have to move the mp3 files around yourself.. . Instructions at Apple's support site:You have to download ITunes on the computer(s) and a little box will pop up when you download and click no.
this game is kind of an easy one , all you have to do is play over avd over again with diferent characters until you have unlocked everybody. pretty simple.. by the way spider-man isn't that hard to beat depending on what imperfect you are using. if you use johny ohm just try to shock him as many times as you can.well its really very simple . all you have to do is try to catch the item he is throwing and throw it back at him. after that when he is down then KILL!!!
Yes 300 for a core which is essentially not worth it, and 400 for the good one. And as was already said, games are 60 and another controler is expensive. They're also making a seperate hd-dvd thing soon, that will cost alot more.yea- wut she said$300 for the core system and $400 for the premium system. We bought our premium system at Toys R US for $400.. . Good luck finding one!!300 and tax for core system 400 if you want the hard drive with tax also you probably want to buy another controller wireless your looking at another 50 bucks and games are 60 a piece
You can simply clean a CD with window cleaner and a soft non-abrasive cloth. If you have scratchs on the CD, toothpaste works well to fix the disc. Just coat the disc with a dab and use the same soft cloth to work it around. It works extremely well.when you wipe, go from the middle out, don't go in circles, that ruins the coating finish and could make your CD/DVDs skip.gently wiping with a soft non-abrasive cloth. Be sure that the cloth is clean and does not contain any dirt or abrasive particles that can scratch the disc or what i've heard's been done is boil it for a minute or two then let it air dry on a lint free surface then gently wipe with a soft cloth. Boiling the disc removes contamenants.
If it has a DV mode on it, switch it to that. But I'm just thinking of my days using live video feed into iMovie.be sure that your digicam can be used as a webcam.. get the necessary cables and software drivers to initiate the connection process.Update your drivers.
When I bought my mini-sd card (it used to be called transflash) it had an SD carried for it. I just used a card reader on copied the files over.I too agree that you probably need some kind of adapter that comes with the miniSD card so that you can use a cardreader to read the card. The adapter is probably the size of a regular SD card. There is a link below for what I am talking about. Hope this helps.
Not all that much... To the most it's just like a couple of little things like weight reductions ans a few more supported colors on the screen. Maybe even a longer life battery. Nothing major obviously.when you see an i added to a model number, it usually means that  the phone has had revisions.  thats for any modle.
Great question, I am having the same problem. I am using psp video 9 and it is showing that I downloaded the mp4 video, but the psp doesn't show the video.Because it wont allow u to take a mp4 vidieo films
One of the easiest ways would be to buy the Dazzle Digital video creator, assuming you have a DVD burner on your computer. Hope this helps!Buy a DVD recorder. The output from your VCR goes to the input on the DVR and you simply record to either the DVR's hard drive or  writeable DVD. DVD recorders (without hard drives) are as cheap as $200 online.
You will need to find that unlock code’s from google. I have that same phone. Please keep in mind  bye doing this you  are voiding the warranty on your phone, are most likely that is against your cell providers TOS (Terms Of Service).. . Hope that help’s,. -=djdrew=- . . For tech help email djdrew@annoyingdrew.comYou can't.  Ringtones that you download from any site will automatically be locked.  There is no code to unlock them.  Providers do this to ensure that ringtones can't be distrubited.
Aperatures are a function of the lens and not the camera body.  Most should end at f22.  The max would be (probably) around f 1.4 (i.e., they make a 50mm f 1.4 at around $250) although there may be some speciality lenses that would go down to 1.2Hey, just bringing this old question up for a vote.
Are you positive that it will not spin a cd? Because if it will not even try to spin a cd, a cleaning cd isn't gonna do you any good at all! However, if it is spinning a disc when you first put it in, and you have tried it in another CD player (an older one, just in case it is a badly done CD-R/W) and it works, a cleaning CD may do you some good :) See the source for a link to cleaning CDs!may be time to upgrade to a new one!try cleaning it with a cleaning cd that fixed mineThe problem is probley the infared eye that reads the disk, it could have a spect of dust on it or been knocked into a different angle. Another suggestion is that CD might be scracthed or of a different thred design
U prabably mean palmone. they are a manufacturer. they make great pdas. I have a palmone treo.palmone is the program that palms run on and they also make palms or handhelds windows mobile is better that palmone
Bass connection is at the sub pre-out jack on back of the system. The 9 speaker hook up could be Speaker A/B or in some cases (usually high-end models) the extra 2 channels are surround channels that extend the 7.1 channel experience, using steering logic technology, such as the way many Denon and Pioneer receivers do.Your receiver should only have 9 speaker outputs and 1 rca output for the subwoofer. 7 speakers outputs our for your 7.1 surround and the other 2 speaker output our for your Speaker B side. You will have a speaker A and a speaker B button on the front of the receiver. you will use the speaker A connection for your two front home theatre speakers and the speaker B output you would use if you where going to run another pair of speakers in another room. If not don't plug anything into the speaker B connections. YOur subwoofer will plug into your rca input that says subwwofer out on the back of your receiver.. . I hoped that will help you!!
Hey, texas weather is like airconditioned by nature. So turn off you A/C when the temp outside is not extreme; u will save a lot of money.The quick answer is turn things off you aren't using. When you replace things that use power, try to get the more efficient version. Since you can pick your electricity provider in TX, check into who's got the best deal in your area.
There are devices that will transmit an FM radio signal that your car stereo can receive.  The quality is a bit uneven, but it does work.  Most retailers that carry iPod accessories carry this item.  It's manufactured by Belkin, along with other companies.get an i-tripi use a tape deck converter- it comes out the clearest- no messy reception due to power lines :) if you have a tape deck, i reccomend it full on, above anything else.Best Buy sells a device that plugs into your cigarette lighter and uses short-wave radio waves to play on your car's stereo.  Hope that helps!
I have a Nokia 1100 and its a Tracfone and what i did was went to tracfone.com maybe you can go to just plain nokia.comYou cannot do this online. You have to visit a store were they sell Nokias and can do this kind of things. Not any store will do. Or you could contact your operator.
The satelite and cable companys make more money this way. It's called bundling. Congress is trying to get satelite and cable to offer single channels. As for when this will no one knows.Well, actually, you can.  They're called PPV.  You can buy those channels, individually all day long.  And you'll pay through the nose.. . You've actually got it backward.  It's not that you CAN'T buy one channel.  What happens is that they're actually selling you packages of channels for the price of only one or two.  It's like buying in bulk.  Cable/satellite companies could offer you one channel, but they'd have to charge $30/month for it because of all the overhead with handling your account, manufacturing your equipment, distributing your equipment, etc.  They actually LOSE money by selling or giving equipment away, then make it up in selling subscriptions.. . If they offered you only one channel for, say $5/month, they'd have to sell you the equipment for $500+ to make up for the lost revenue.. . Trust me, the current setup is pretty much the cheapest offering they can devise.  Remember there's LOTS of competition.  If there was a cheaper way to offer you that one channel you wanted for a price that would beat the competitors, they'd do it.
the Difference it's in the ChipSet...The latest firmware has patches that enable you to playback wma and also some improved wireless capabilities.. Try downloading it www.yourpsp.compsp v1.5 firmware is needed for homemade programs and to play other modified games.  It dosen't allow you to play a few games like GTA but most games play fine.  v2.5 is the new firmware and allows you to browse the web and play all games amongst other things.  For normal use, v2.5 is better.there is a big diference between v1.5 and v2.5(there is a v2.6 now)in v1.5 is all the simple things the psp comes with and you get are able to play the older releases for psp. with v2.6 you are able to browse the internet from a hotspot or any other wi-fi connection you can find , you also have the RSS channel and you can enable WMA playback.
As technology progresses, the electronics we use become more and more complicated. The better/newer it is, the more parts it has that can break, therefore increasing the probability of **** getting ****ed up.Prices have also gone down on alot of things...so the way for companies to make money is to not have them last as long.Well for the computer I'd say they don't last because innovation is so rapid in that area. To use newer software, you need newer hardware. To take new pictures, the same old camera works.. . From a business perspective it pays to make products that don't last because then you have to buy more of them in the long run.Companies make more money that way. Also to get the most of your computers buy the most expensive computer now then you can get it upgraded later and it is cheaper to upgrade then buy the case and monitor and everything else that goes with it.i dont really think that's true, or maybe it is, even if it is, its probably because new electronics are more complicated and require more development than old ones
You'll find an 'Aux' (Auxiliary) mode in the Bose Radio Remote. Activate that, and connect the audio output of tv to bose radio aux-input (you'll find it at the rear).. There, now you have the crystal clear output of bose working for your TV!when you follow the steps above, don't forget to check in the menu of the television what kind of outputs you have on the back.  if they are "variable", you would have to disable them (in the menu) and turn the volume of the television up to about 3/4 of the max.  if they are "fixed" outputs, then you would not need to worry about the volume of the tv.
Go to View then options and then select ipod and then you select photosin itunes click the little pi down in tha bottom right corner and then go to tha tab that sez youripodname then ik pics then click tha file ya wanna sync to ya ipod!!!
I THINK WHEN YOU PLUG IN THE IPOD ITUNES POPS UP, WHEN IT OPENS UP ON THE BOTTOM OF THE SCREEN THERE WILL BE A PICTURE ICON THAT LOOKS LIKE A IPOD. CLICK IT ANOTHER SCREEN WILL POP UP. YOU HAVE TO READ IT WHERE IT SAYS DOWNLOAD MANUALLY, WHICH MEANS YOU HAVE TO SELECT THE SONGS YOU DONT WANT AND NEW ONES TO REPLACE THOSE. SINCE YOU ALL HAVE DIFFERENT TASTE IN MUSIC OU GUYS HAVE TO SAVE YOUR MUSIC BY IMPORTING IT UNDER YOUR OWN IPOD MUSIC FILE AFTER THAT NO MORE WORRIES.Well to delete songs from my ipod mini I just open itunes and highlight the song I want to delete and then just hit the delete key. Once you update/charge your ipod it will put only the songs you selected and none that you deleted. If the itunes program doesn't offer a separate program for each ipod I would invest in a separate charger that just plugs into your wall at home (no worries of automatic transfers). Hope this helps.
If their P.A. system is set up correctly, you CAN'T.  Aside from the fact that it would be unnecessary in a staffed business, it would be a potential liability for the store.When I used to work for different department stores it wasn't possible, but technology these days anything is possible.
Think of it as a Wireless LAN. It can be used at various locations to gain access to something, most likely internet, though connecting to other PCs is also possible.wi-fi is wireless fidelity and it allows for wireless communication between comp, internetit is the use of a router or other device that sends out a signal and it goes and you can acceses it by using a laptop or other device that has a wifi reciever so then you will need to get a wireless router and it will tell you how to install itCOMMUNICATION type of wireless  connection!. . (i think)WiFi is a type of wireless network which usually is used to access the web at coffee shops but the coffe shop must provide wifi access.
You can find many programs online to do just that. Try using this website to download the program you want. Many of the programs offered here are free.It is very simple . Just download Hi-q record and then u can hear the song andcan record in mp3 format.
A case.Cover it in bubble wrap.I got one yesterday and I contemplated leaving the protective film on it.  I would suggest keeping it in a purse and to wipe it off daily with a dry cloth.  I do not think you are supposed to use any types of cleaning products.Get a case or a cute little cell purse thats what I do or you can decorate it in rinestones so it looks cute
High-Definition Multimedia Interface. A new all-digital interface for digital TVs that carries video, audio, data, and control signalsThe above answer is a great answer that got lost in limbo because the asker never chose it as best, and because it was the only answer, it never went to a vote. I'm forcing it to a vote and asking you to vote for it as the best answer. Let's reward those who take the time to give thoughtful answers!. . JennyinJamaica
I have a similar (possibly the same) TV, and it takes it a minute or two from when you turn it on (light begins blinking) to when it starts displaying.. It has to warm up the lamp or something.. . Just turn it on and wait a while, see if it does anything.True, alot of televisions warm-up and cool down. If that is not the case, must have it serviced, very rarely can something like that be resolved with a couple buttons.
An old format for video cassettes, developed by Sony.  It lost out to the VHS format developed by JVC because VHS records up to 6 hours per tape and Betamax could only do 4 hours.Spam is wrong. Beta lost to VHS because it cost about a thousand dollars for a machine. VHS mass marketed and for alot cheaper. Beta is still around in the entertainment industry, music video and commercial shoots are sometimes in beta.
BitTorrent is the name of a client application for the torrent peer-to-peer (P2P) file distribution protocol created by programmer Bram Cohen. BitTorrent is designed to widely distribute large amounts of data without incurring the corresponding consumption in server and bandwidth resources (and typically, monetary fees attracted as a result of that).. BitTorrent logo. . The original BitTorrent application is written in Python and its source code has been released under the BitTorrent Open Source License (a modified version of the Jabber Open Source License), as of version 4.0. The name "BitTorrent" refers to the distribution protocol, the original client application, and the .torrent file type.. . . Yes, you can download all that stuff with it.yes you can.. its a pretty interesting system.. you download a quick program.. and then go to different sites that offer torrent files. unlike kazaa or limewire you search the site to find people to download from. usually sites will separate the different categories for easy navigation.BitTorrent. A popular file sharing service developed by Bram Cohen that prevents people from downloading constantly unless they are willing to share in the overall transmission load on the network. Released in the summer of 2001, BitTorrent is similar to KaZaA and other distributed swapping services where users download from other users and do not use a centralized directory as in the original Napster service. However, BitTorrent is also different than all of them because it makes every downloading user an uploading user.. . . Large Files Become Torrents. . Instead of downloading an entire file, BitTorrent breaks a file into chunks and distributes them among several participating users. When you download a "torrent," you are also uploading it to another user. BitTorrent balances the load because broadband download and upload speeds are not the same. Users download files faster than they can upload them, which makes them less interested in sharing bandwidth to upload to someone else. BitTorrent ensures every user participates in uploading.. . BitTorrent has become widely used for transferring huge program files as well as pirated movies. In 2004, one estimate placed BitTorrent files as a third of all Internet traffic. Although the specific amount for BitTorrent may vary, the combination of all file sharing applications in use account for a huge chunk of traffic. For more information, visit www.bittorrent.com. See peer-to-peer network, Napster and KaZaA.BitTorrent is a peer-to-peer (P2P) file distribution tool written by programmer Bram Cohen and debuted at CodeCon 2002. The reference implementation is written in Python and is released under the BitTorrent Open Source License (a modified version of the Jabber Open Source License), as of version 4.0. . . BitTorrent is a protocol designed for transferring files. It is peer-to-peer in nature, as users connect to each other directly to send and receive portions of the file. However, there is a central server (called a tracker) which coordinates the action of all such peers. The tracker only manages connections, it does not have any knowledge of the contents of the files being distributed, and therefore a large number of users can be supported with relatively limited tracker bandwidth. The key philosophy of BitTorrent is that users should upload (transmit outbound) at the same time they are downloading (receiving inbound.) In this manner, network bandwidth is utilized as efficiently as possible. BitTorrent is designed to work better as the number of people interested in a certain file increases, in contrast to other file transfer protocols.
They use standard parts to keep the costs of production reasonable. Computer memory comes in powers of 2 (32 MB, 64 MB 128 MB, etc).I reckon ISO standarizes them. What is ISO? A world-wide federation of national standards bodies that develops international standards.. . Go google "ISO" for more :-]to fit more songs and stuff, right?
Ring tones are typically only midi files played on your phone similar to how mp3 players work. Some of the newer ones can play polyphonic ring tones which give that extra oomph and now some are looking at mp3 capable ring tones.It appears that the question period has expired.  If you have received an answer that meets your needs, please choose a 'best answer.'. . If you haven't received a good answer for your question, you may want to consider the following,. 1) Re-post your question.  Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo! Answers than old ones.. 2) If you do re-post your question, consider why it wasn't answered the first time.  Could it be more specific?  Could it be worded better? Were there grammatical or spelling errors? Was it in the best category?. . If it doesn't seem likely that re-posting your question will help you, then here's a listing of my favorite 'answer sites'.  Maybe one of them will help you.. . Answers.com http://www.answers.com/. Bartleby http://www.bartleby.com/. Yahoo Reference http://education.yahoo.com/reference/. HowStuffWorks http://www.howstuffworks.com/. Wikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page. . Regards.
ooooooooohhhhhhhhh just read the bookin the pooper. or the rectum. wait a minute, rectum...it nearly killed'em!
The way to make sure they're in order is to sort them in the order you want before copying them over. You might also want to check out if your player supports playlists. This will mean your albums and mixes will be sorted first time, every time.There is not much you can do besides renaming the songs in the order you would want. Mp3 CD's and some mp3 players alphabetize the songs...so if you change the names to 1-song.mp3 and then 2-anothersong.mp3 and so on, it should play in that order.
You should be able to plug the red and white jacks coming from the PS2 to the back of the stereo.insert the yellow pin in the video-in,of your tv. and red & white pins in the left and right audio-in of your stereo system. turn on the stereo.
Check with your nearest radio shack or other electronics consumer store. They sell a multi-voltage  (3-12 v) converter with multiple output plugsTry Radio Shack. They should have a converter that takes 120V house current and steps it down to a variety of different voltages with multiple plugs or adapters.
It's an analog video link between two devices.  It is NOT, and I mean absolutely, NOT a digital signal.  This is a common myth.. . S-Video cables have small rounded ends with pins, similar to a PS/2 Mouse port.What is S-Video?. -------------------. S-Video is one of the high quality methods of transmitting a television signal . from a device such as a Camcorder, VCR, or a game machine (PSX/Saturn/SNES . etc).  It separates the color information (Chrominance) from the brightness . (Luminance), which prevents nasty things like color bleeding and dot crawl, . and helps increase clarity and sharpness.  You can greatly improve the image . quality of the PSX by simply converting to S-Video.It is an input which if your TV and your computer has, you can connect the computer to the TV through a special cable and use the TV as a monitor.
Bluetooth provides a way to connect and exchange information across devices (PDAs, phones, laptops, printers etc.) through a radio frequency.  . . Anything you transmit is secure, so no need to worry about someone else getting your data.  The only drawback of bluetooth is that it only works within a short radius, and tends to consume a good amount of your battery power (depending on what device(s) you use and how new/old they are.). . Take a look at the Wikipedia article below for additional details.It's a way for computers & other electronic deviced to "talk" to each other.. . Here's more...Who'd have thunk that!!! LOL!  I was gonna say that it is someone who just drank a blueberry slushy, and their teeth and tongue turned blue!!Blue Tooth is a wireless technology where you send signals to other blue tooth enabled systems within a limited areaA way of communicating from one device to another given that they both have the bluetooth function.. . class 2 bluetooth would be the most commonly used. 10Meters (radius). . class 1 would be for later models and has a 30Meter radius.. . But there are also boosters to streghen the signal.something to do with cellphones
Truly there should be a setting in the system menu of the DVD player that allows that function to be dis-/en-abled. Look through your owners manual (or, if you don't have one, look online for the manual and download it--that's what I do) for anything regarding changing system settings. It should also be addressed in the Troubleshooting section...What brand are they? Toshiba's? I have a Toshiba that does that. Out of all the DVD players I've ever owned, it's the only one that's ever done that.You should be able to go thru the menu and turn that function off.  If you told your exact model someone may be able to give you instuction.
if when the television was first installed, the other a/v inputs were not being used, the installer may have set the tv to skip those inputs when you hit the tv/vcr button.  Try going to the menu and reactivating those other inputsUse your return policy, screw the dumb jazz.
You can't do it unless you plan to do some hacking of your ps2 which will likely break it unless you are a soldering pro.  The PSP has download games and the PS3 will also have a download service.you need to get a chip thing and it dont come to cheap you can get programmes that can burn ps2 games . youre normal dvd drive will also copy games but i dont know if they will workYou need to physically install a modchip on the console in order to play 'backup' copies of your games.. . Note: Installing a mod chip will break your manufacturer's warranty with sony.You need to install a chip that will read the copies of the games, this of course is illegal.
You can either buy a charger for it where you plug the iPod into the wall. But the way you charge it without one of thoswe is by simply plugging it into the computer via the USB cable. (the way you plug it in to put music on it) apparently this charges at the same speed as if it were plugged into a wall.when you buy the ipod it usually comes with a usb cable for syncing with your itunes library; you can charge it while your computer's on. also you can get an ac adapter that charges the ipod when your computer isn't on.My friend bought an i-pod charger on www.apple.com, i charge it on my laptop.
Like what?I guess we're just stupid like that. lol.Without electricity electronics wouldn't work. Perhaps that was a stupid answer to a profound question; or your question sucks. You pick.It's because of that robo bunny running around banging the damned cymbals together; it's part of a larger corporate plot to sell batteries.
You need to go to the Nokia website and look under support there is an address in Florida that you can ship your phone to.  Also they can be reached at 888-665-4228If you go to the site nokia you can get anything. Or check out virgin mobile, they also carry nokia.
A condenser microphone is a very sensitive microphone with a good frequency response. It requires phantom power or an external power source. It is particularly valuable for doing vocal recordings, as well as acoustic guitar recordings.. . It is very well suited for home recordings IF you use a box to hook it up - a computer will not provide it with phantom power through the mic jack.In a capacitor microphone, also known as a condenser microphone, the diaphragm acts as one plate of a capacitor, and the vibrations produce changes in the distance between the plates. Since the plates are biased with a fixed charge (Q), the voltage maintained across the capacitor plates changes with the vibrations in the air, according to the capacitance equation:. .     Q = C &#92;cdot V. . where Q = charge in coulombs, C = capacitance in farads and V = potential difference in volts. The capacitance of the plates is inversely proportional to the distance between them for a parallel-plate capacitor. (See capacitance for details.):. .     C &#92;propto &#92;frac{A}{d}. . Capacitor microphones can be expensive and require a power supply, commonly provided from mic inputs as phantom power, but give a high-quality sound signal and are now the preferred choice in laboratory and studio recording applications.. [edit]. . Electret condenser microphones. . A foil electret microphone is a relatively new type of condenser microphone invented at Bell laboratories in 1962 by Gerhard Sessler and Jim West [1], and often simply called an electret microphone. An electret is a dielectric material that has been permanently electrically charged or polarised. Electret microphones have existed since the 1920s but were considered impractical, but they have now become the most common type of all, used in many applications from high-quality recording and lavalier use to built-in microphones in small sound recording devices. Though electret mics were once considered low-cost and low quality, the best ones can now rival capacitor mics in every respect apart from low noise and even have the long-term stability and ultra-flat response needed for a measuring microphone. Unlike other condenser microphones they require no polarising voltage, but normally contain an integrated preamplifier which does require power (often incorrectly called polarizing power or bias). The integral preamp usually forms part of the mic capsule in modern designs, sensing the electric field from the diaphragm stretched across in front of it directly, and this sets the limit of noise performance, which though it can be as low as 26 dBA SPL (38 dB SPL 468-wtd) cannot currently rival the best capacitor mics. Electrets are frequently phantom powered in sound reinforcement applications.
Creative Zen Nano is comparable to the iPod shuffle and they work with music services that let you rent and/or buy music such as Yahoo Music Unlimited, Rhapsody, and Napster.. . You can get "cheaper" ... er ... less expensive MP3 players but they'll have restricted functions and compatibility.the createive ones are good and cheap
Time Message Channel. Apparently if works with navigation systems for cars, to scan for road traffic updates.the movie channel
you should also check your microscope manufacturer for connections for your camera.  My telescope manufacturer has attachments for my camera so I'm sure that the microscope manufacturer is doing the same thing.Hi Sarajit.... If you have a modern microsoft you can connect to your PC, is very easy.. you know what I mean.. otherwise.. it is not really possible to make pictures.. . Baishakhi
i've seen people climb the pole and reconnect the wires, but when they got caught, they paid dearly and spent time in jail and can not get cable in their names any more..   how stupid??.  doesn't the cable company know that not letting them get it in their name ever again, is only gonna make them still it again.. anyway, that only gets you local cannels and a tiny few more.  to really get the good stuff, ya gotta search for a descrambler and be hooked-up to basic cable to start with.. some cable companies will let you buy and use other descramblers for a small fee, (usually cheaper than their own box rentols)u dont steal cable tv....its ILLEGALBTW, stealing cable is a FEDERAL OFFENSE so the cable co. could really screw you if they wanted to...can you say FEDERAL PRISON???HOW DO YOU  STEAL CABLE TV?   BY BREAKING THE LAW ....THIS ACTIVITY IS ILLEGALLY AND RAISES EVERY PAYING CUSTOMERS RATES SOONER OR LATER... THIS MAKES YOU A THIEF,THIEF!Go around the back where they disconnected your cable line and reconnect it but its just easier to steal satellite.. . Edit: This is common knowledge I'm not giving you an answer that you wouldnt already know
no ap means no anti-skip protection. your cd player won't work without it. it's broken, dude. take it back and exchange it.it means buy anotheri will fix it for u but i dont know where u live. try a diffrent cd
Buy an audio interface.  Goto http://www.samash.com and call them 1-800-4-samash then ask them on the phone for pro audio.  Then be willing to buy a 200-1000 dollar interface.  You ask them for a 96kHz audio interface.  This speed should run about 400 dollars.  The faster the speed the better.  It can go upto 196kHz.  By the way you may also want to listen to audio on DVD's insted of audio CD's.   When an audio DVD comes from the manufactuer it is played at 96kHz.  A CD is only recorded at 44.1kHz.  MP3 Files and AAC files (iTunes files) are 44.1kHz also.  So don't expect good quality unless the file was recorded at a high sample rate.You could try purchasing some high quality samples such as the East West Quantum Leap Symphonic Orchestra packs. They are quite expensive, but if used properly they can sound quite convincing.
keep your cell phone away from the tv. simple as that.set the ringtone to vibrateCan't get away from it.  Your radio signal from the cell is interfering with the signals inside the TV.  You just need to keep the cell away from the TV.  Thats all you can do.
Try re-installing the Palm Desktop with HotSync. Also checkout the PalmOne webiste (linked below) to find common Desktop issues.It seems to be a windows problem. Try to get the last windows update on line, at least Service Pack 2. Then re install hotsync manager. Finally try again.
call apple they should be able to help you it should have came with some kind of contanck number if not go to the web and email themlock it, then unlock it, press the menu button and the paly button at the same time, until an apple shows up, and then it will eventually work. :). It happened to me it was frustruating
The Practical use for it is if you don't have (unused?) USB ports on the front of the computer and need to plug in the iPod or if the shuffle won't fit in to any USB ports (too big)The iPod shuffle Dock is an elegant home base for charging and synching with your computer. Simply plug the dock into the USB port on your computer or the optional iPod USB Power Adapter to get started.
go to ebay and buy an unlock code or win an auction to send it to a company who will unlock it...cingular usually won't unlock the phones anymore....lawsuits??take it to the cingular store and their technicians will fix it and reprogram it
It is a direct magnification. 2X would mean 2 times the magnification, 3X would be three times.. . A way to visualize it would be to take a picture, and think of drawing a horizontal line and a vertical line to divide it into 4 equal pieces. Take one of those four pieces and blow it up to the size of the original picture, and that would be the effect of 2X zoom.usually it means how much the image is "magnified" or enlarged, based on the number that follows the Xx=to the power of one
guess what? it is totally illegal to copy dvd rentals to VHS. so even though the answer is pretty damn obvious, i would not help you in your criminal activities.High quality tape and video recorder, you still will not get the DVD quality though.  But a high end VCR and connectivity (gold connectors, HDMI cables) and at a very low speed will get you close.
Unless you have changed it, the lock code will be the last 4 numbers in the phone number programmed into the phon. Just select unlock, then key the last 4 numbers of the phone number.if you haven't set a lock password for the phone yet, it probably still uses the default verizon code which you could find by contacting a verizon rep. Otherwise, i would try and turn it off and back on. If you can't, you could try taking the battery out and putting it back in.
Supervisory Control And Data Acquisition. The term refers to a large-scale, distributed measurement (and control) system.. . cctv is closed circuit television, pretty much what a security camera is. A camera sends the signal directly to a viewing monitor, it's not broadcast for general use.SCADA is the acronym for Supervisory Control And Data Acquisition.. . CCTV is the acronym for Closed Caption Television.
To delete songs you must delete the song on itunes.press the delete buttontheres a neat trick too, put the ipod underwater. it wont damage it but will clear the memory.aon itunes, click on the spot where it shows all the songs on ur ipod. them right click the unwanted song and click the *clear* option.delete the songs off iTunespush delete on it okif you want to delete all the songs, install itunes on a new computer, your friends or another one and plug the ipod nano in it. It will wipe out all the songs. . . then go back to your machine and deselect the songs that you don't want to sync, then connect the nano and you got only the songs you want!!
using diffrent chemicals its possible to generate red, green and blue colors, and when this colors mixed in a certain amount it produces white light. there are also cyan LEDs wich made out of green and blue.. these LEDs have spread spectrum wave lenght compared to single color ones.magic...no, actually, L.E.D. stands for Light Emitting Diode, its a lil' thingy, and when an electric current is passed through, it emits light, or so the spelunker at Raccoon Mountain caverns said
Red-eye occurs when light coming into the eye reflects off the retina, the back surface inside the eyeball.  The rods and cones which give us vision are there with a large supply of blood vessels.  The color of the blood gives the reflected light its red color.  The eye of a cat is particularily good at causing red-eye since their pupils are usually wide open in room light.The light in the flash reflects off something in your cornea in a wierd way. I hate red-eye too.I'll skip the science, so--. . We get red eye when you look straight at the flash of a camera. Red eye reduction technology works by flashing several weak intermittent lights before the real flash for the eyes to adjust.um..sometimes it depends on the camra or whatever you said.the light of the flash reflects off the back of your eyeball well behind your cornea, if you notice this usually only happens when the person is looking staight towards the camera.
95% of the time, either the mp3 player will plug into a USB port on the front or back of your computer or there is an included cable that will plug into the computer.  Once you plug it in, the mp3 player will act as an external hard drive.  Go to "My Computer" and you should see it.. . Some mp3 players, like the ones made by Apple, will requires you to use included software, like iTunes, though, so if your device came with software, then plug it in and run the software, and it should be pretty easy.Plug it into the USB port and bring up the drive in My Computer.  Open it up where you can see the indevidual song files and just drag and drop them into whatever folder you want.yeah the player should have come with a wire that plugs into the usb port in your computer. older computers don't have to port, though... :(use the data cable.First hook up ur MP3 player 2 the computer then, go whatever drive it shows up in{mine is E:/}. Then on the colunm on the right click copy to/send to and put it wherever
It appears that the question period has expired. If an answer has been given that meets your needs, please pick a 'best answer'. RegardsWith the microphone closed on the headset, press and hold the silver multi-function key.  Hold this key until the light on the headset stays on.  With the light on the headset on, open the microphone, and set the headset aside.  Next take your phone.  Go to:  Menu, Settings, Connection, Bluetooth.  If Bluetooth is turned off on the phone, turn it on.  Selcet devices, and look for devices.  Your phone will find the headset, and ask if you want to bond with it.  Select yes.  The phone will then ask for a passkey.  The passkey for the headset is 0000 (all zeros).  The headset and phone will link up, and you can start using the headset normally.  Good Luck.
I think you mean "flash" player.. there isnt a flash-back player.. . Flash uses solid state memory, like ram, for memory allowing smaller player sizes and longer battery life.On this, you push play and it magically transports you BACK in time to the 80s. The only problem is you come back wearing poofy pants and LARGE hair.
its bc of ur satilight i have the same problemIf you have a widescreen you probably need to change the settings so it displays in widescreen. A widescreen TV (16:9 Aspect Ratio) is how a movie or TV show is recorded, but if the movie/show is in fullscreen format, it will display on your TV, even if it IS widescreen, in fullscreen mode. Read the user's manual to see if there is anything about aspect ratios in there.There should be a setting in the menu that can change it to widescreen, or a couple of other different settings.
I think you should use media converter(liked mp3,midi,wave converter) to adjust the ringtones quality before you upload it to the "Motorola Phone Tools". . hope this is the ans what you are looking for.thats what i do, i edit the .mp3 in another program other then MPT and then i use other programs to load it. if you are computer savy and do not have verizon, please take a look at this site. they have everything you will ever need for your moto phone. including guides on modding the programming of it and adding ringtones to your computer.. . www.motomodders.net
That will be a cell phone, with internet access, throught GPRS, Wi-Fi, EDGE or UMTS.. Please see your local provider for the best (and cheapest) plan.It is basically a cellphone with Web access.
I just got this program. It is perrty good it has plus and minuse. There are some new movie it want do. But you Capture with this program and then import it in to i-tunes then plug in I pod video it worksassuming you have a DVD- R compatible disk drive on your computer, you put the dvd in the drive, open whatever program you have to fool with dvds. tell the program to rip the dvd, and then add the file to your ipod like you would a sound file. hope i helped....
"wtf" is wrong with you, unless these are home movies you need to be shot and mamed.. . take them to a video editor and have them do itWell, to be more specific than the previous individual:  That could be pretty complicated.  If I have my facts right I belive you would need to dump all the audio and video into a computer or other video editing system, run the audio through a noise filter (all that is pretty expenisve to own)  then have the computer render it into a video file that can be recorded on a DVD.  I'm no expert, but seriously unless it's priceless I would'nt spend the money and I definitely wouldn't spend the time doing it myself, unless of course I was rich :)
Fifty-seven varieties doesn't mean 57 varieties of ketchup, you dope, it means 57 varieties of food products in general. There are only three varieties of Heinz ketchup, regular, hot, and low-sodium, but there are far more than 57 varieties of Heinz pickles, Heinz sauces, Heinz soups, and Heinz God-knows-what-else. In fact, if you count everything Heinz and all its divisions and subsidiaries make, there are something like 1,300 varieties, including 108 varieties of baby food, 60 kinds of pickles, and so on.theu have 57 varietiesNo, they don't make 57 varieties of ketchup!  Way back when I was a kid and the Heinz corporation was a lot younger, too, they made 57 varieties of condiments.  I suspect the phrase is retained on the ketchup bottle out of nostalgia.Very interesting question.  No there are not 57 kinds of ketchup... many years ago Heinz had a variety of products... 57.  and used that saying as a catchy advertising ploy. It really did catch on.  Since then the saying "Heinz 57 Varieties" has taken on new meanings  like a dog that has many blood lines... he is said to be "Heinz 57 Variety" or something that has a varied combination of things making up its whole... This is why they keep that now vary valuable piece of advertising as part of their logo.We all know how Al Gore lies about the NUMBERS he THINKS he has...Heinz wanted to show that their company had a vast array of products, so they chose the slogan "57 varieties."
Sim is Subscriber Identification Modlue. . It is a type of smart card which stores the details of the service provider as well as your number and other details required.. . Sim also has extra space to store the user data like phone no and smssim is a type of chip which works on the longitudinal waves but of short wavelength i.e why more towers are needed for mobiles to work properly.
This depends upon you TV set more than anything.  If the DVR is not built in, then it needs to be connected to digital "IN" and the VCR connected to the "Video out" and "Audio R/L out" analog connections.Depends on the DVR.  TiVos have two composite (RCA) outputs in the back of the box.  If you connect the outputs (red and white (audio) and yellow (video)) on the back of your DVR to the same colored inputs on your VCR, you should be ready to record.  You should be able to use the same connections for other DVRs.you click on them and put a empty vhs tape in the player. Then click save to vcr and it will record onto the tape.
try cleaning the bottom with rubbing alcohol and a cotton ball or buy one of those cleaning kits.take toothpaste, spread it across the scratches, and wipe it with a cloth.I had a similar problem with some of my playstation games. I bought a thing called the DVD doctor. It worked really well. The games played like new.place a damp wash cloth over the scratched side and iron it on the medium setting. it really works!!!!Use a CD Resurfacer
Use nero it converts automatically.. . The parameters have to be right too.A VCD stands for Video CD and the files on it are in MPEG format. What you need is software that will burn a CD-R as a VCD. The program will do all the work. . . There are a great number of programs that will do the trick. Most of these programs will also burn DVDs as well. What you need to look for is one that will burn VCDs from video files. Since VCDs dont have menus like DVDs, it should be a "drag and drop" operation.. . Nero & Roxio make excellent software. Pinnacle (Studio 10), Adobe (Premiere Elements 2.0) and Ulead make editing software that will burn VCDs and DVDs. . . The software you get will decide how you create VCDs.. . Hope this helps and Good LuckNero will the best suggestion.
try a hammer.  it should be able to delete all of them.You should be able to go under the menu option. When your there, you should see "Format". You will then be able to format the card or the internal memory.
Probably it's OK and will work out if u degauss it.. If it's not working, u have to take it to a repair shop and change the colour thingy( the circuit) .It needs to be repaired.  Something blue has blown.Because you are stupid. ohh and yeah - its called humor. loserjust get a fuking new 1 n u just have to change the black and white
in some places i use it to go to diffrent buttons to click it's easier that using the mose if your lazy'change the page' in some settings.well, i don't know about tabs in ur title bar, but there is tabs in your kayboard, that is for an "indent" in your microsoft word.Tabs is a useful way of organizing the information. Just like u have separaters in your telephone directory so you can jump from one page to other easily. hope this helps...
night recording in camcorders means that the camcoder is put in a mode where it is more sensitive to low-light conditions and is capable of higher resolution at the expense of colors. Night recording is most often done with an Infrared lamp shining.In addition to what was said above, if your camera is equipped with IR lights, then night mode would actually translate to infrared mode, because you are viewing the infrared spectrum (which has no colors except for green). This technology is a toned-down version of the high-powered IR beams used in the military. If your camera does not have IR lights then all it does is amplify the brighter areas of your focus, sacrificing depth and color clarity to make objects more visible.
A VGA camera will shoot in a resolution of around 640x480, not quite suitable for printing.  A megapixel camera's image will be larger and of more detail, possibly producing a decent 4x6 image.My VGA cameraphone takes shots that are around 300K pixels, which is 640x480.  A megapixel camera takes many many more dots, which makes for a clearer picture, at least in theory.  If you think about just how small the lens is on a camera phone and just how cheap it is, i personally wouldnt consider a phone to be a true camera.VGA less then a Megapixel camera.VGA  640 * 480, poor quality,. . with a megapixel camera you can go more than 640 *480, better quality, . How high is the resolution the better is the pictures
Your service has nothing to do with the partnership of Nextel and Sprint.  Where you live just may not have enough towers to provide the coverage you want.  Everyplace has a different company that has the best coverage: where I love, Cingular has a signal everywhere, but Verizon is very patchy.  You just have to do some research (ask friends/family that have different services) about which company has the best coverage.The problem is the magnetic field produced by your head.  You should wear aluminum foil on your head when you go to the mall.I don't have nextel, but perhaps nextel doesn't have many cell towers. . . Perhaps you should get a new type of phone.Nextell's been going down for a while do yourself a favor, switch
Once you insert the disc in the drive, it will walk you through the process. There are also instructions included in the package. In the instructions it gives you specific instructions in case your PC does not autorun the installation.First.. make sure you have the orginal Sims 2 installed on the computer.. the expansion needs to have the orginal.  Then it's nothing more then putting the disk in the drive and installing like normal.. . if you have the autorun turn on, it will install by itself.  otherwise you might need to double click on my computer, then the Disk Drive, and then on 'Setup'. . . and if you are asking for help in installing an non legal. ISO that you downloaded.. *sigh*  just buy the damn thing.
Put the CD in your computer and open up Windows Media Player. Go to the "Rip" tab and select the tracks you want to rip from your CD onto your computer. After you're done ripping the tracks from your CD, connect your mp3 player to your computer and transfer the tracks [that you ripped from your CD] to your mp3 player.It is really difficult to answer this question specifically without knowing what brand and model of MP3 player you have.. . Try reading the owners manual for your MP3 player.  Unless it is some off brand, they will have information that covers how to rip a CD and transfer the music to the player.. . Try going to the web site of the manufacturer for your MP3 player and going to their support pages for your player.  Sometimes they will have more information on how to perform this task specific to your player.  They will also have information on any software downloads that may help with this task.You have to copy the CD music to your computer and then transfer that music from your computer to your mp3 player
Its telling you to let it die.  Just buy another.  Hit up Wal-Mart.  And if your in Graham Texas, I'll sell ya one, lolAfter 5 years it's time for a new one. That happened to my last one too. The cd player quit working but the radio worked fine. I just had to buy a new one.BECAUSE ITS FIVE YEARS OLD.Well first of all we are in 2006 i think u should get an ipod of some kind,,but if u dont have the money well start saving or buy another one like your one thats not working and it will die in 5years again but ipods last longers and they are just better...and 5 years is along time i mean i kept mine for like a year but if u wanna save money then i understand . . mabey the batteries are dead, but sum things never last us HUMANS!  . . hope that suites u!!throw it away or give it to the homelessbecause its old
Buy a DVD recorder.  You can get one under $100 these days.you have to have a DVD burner
when recording music stereo sound is acheived by the placement of two (maybe more) microphones in the stupid. . in the olden days, one (mono) microphone was used. obviously stereo has much more depth in the sound, and you can heard more subtlies in the music as well. in playback it's the same principle, but instead it is reproducing the sound.Mono produces the same sound from both speakers (assuming you have two.) Stereo gives you a sound track for both speakers. For example if you were listening to a ping pong game on stereo you would hear the ball hit on the left speaker then the right while on mono both speakers would respond to each hit of the ball.the term mono comes from "monodic" which means one line of sound.. Mono usually uses the same "stream" to give out all the different layers of sound.. (you have all layers of sound coming from the same place). Stereo breaks up the sound into different groups of these layers and uses a different "stream" for each group.. (you could have the lows comming from one side and the highs from the other side)mono sound is a sound of one unique source mixed together to come out of (normally) just one speaker. If you have 2 speakers the it's the same sound that comes out of every one.. . Stereo is a sound that is recorded on 2 channels, a left one and a right one. that means when you hear that sound on a 2 speaker device, you will hear on the left speaker the left channel and on the right speaker the right channel.. You can try this by just come near of one of the speaker and you will realise that the sound is not always the same as the other one.. it may happen that they often talk about stereo music, but in fact nothing is divided so it sounds almost like Mono.. take care ;)
I have the same problem with CD RW on audio. It may seem there is something that some cd play don't like about them.Well,.  It could be a couple of things. It may not support CD-RW's (No brainer I think). The way your computer handles the CD-RW then burns it, can also have direct link to the tolerance of the cd player to play it. I guess you could check the box and see what it says.thats funny!
Why would you hook a pre-amp to a receiver?  You hook a pre-amp to a power amp...A reciver is made up of an amp (power), a pre-amp (controls& inputs/outputs), and usually an AM/FM tuner.. You wouldn't hook up a pre-amp to a reciever, because:. a) the reciever already has one. b) it's redundantit should hook up inline with the rca lines if i remember correctly....all it realy does is amp the signal...the more voltage the rca line carries the louder it will be..
Most cameras/recorders have one CCD, which is a chip that senses and combines all three colors (red, green, blue) into one image.  A 3 CCD camera has a separate chip for each of the three colors.  This allows higher processing and better resoluton of images.. . Btw, CCD=Charged Coupled Device.3ccd has got 3 of it loool :D
It's called a "subscription" . Shhhh! it's totally secretillegal card for reciever. . you have to buy another one when it stops getting channels. . you could buy em the same way you buy drugs or guns.call for an upgrade.
Plug it in the back! Go to Volume controll and make shour the volume is loud enough to hear. Some older sound cards dont have the mic boost which is needed to get lound enough sound. To check look under advanced under the MIC tab.when you get the answer tell me at rojay_1994@yahoo.com
Straight off the bat, you can't.... you have to first burn a playlist to a standard audio CD and reimport the songs a mp3s. . (@ guy below. dude, i just said that... o_0)You need to burn the tracks on to an audio Cd. Then you should copy the songs on your hardirve as mp3 files
transistor working in saturation and cut-off region acts as a switch.in saturation emitter and collector are almost short ckt. and in cut-off they are open ckt. so by applying input to emitter,output to collector and proper control voltage to base of transistor,it acts as a switch.A transistor is controlled by voltage coming into base. It can be used as a switch in the sense that when it has enough voltage applied to the base it turns on and when it doesn't it is off and stops current flow.
no he worded it correctly,. divx is mp4 format with ac3 audio, now if it's not encoded correclty with proper audio rates / video size ( pal verse ntsc ) then it will not playback on  dvd player that supports divx / xvidWhat you're downlaoding is in mp3 format, and what your divx player plays is mp4.  Sorry.
You can use GPRS, or USB cable and PC with net connection.. But it is supposed to have JVA builtin.Gprs
symbian technology is for smart mobile where you can use many features on ur phone like emails, java games, mp3,...etc. windows mobile are more enabled features and more enhanced. . if you are planning to enjoy many features go for Imate or so.nothing just they r worse than macs
Make sure the USB wire is fully connected and the camera is "on" other than that there could be something wrong with that computer's USB ports. Try using each USB port on that computer (front and back). Also, you could try and use photo editing software and see it the camera shows up when you try to upload pictures from a device.i dont know u tell me
Presuming you're using Windows XP, open Control Panel, and then select User Accounts.  It's pretty self-explanatory from there.Presuming you're using Windows XP, open Control Panel, and then select User Accounts. It's pretty self-explanatory from there.
It could be wires or connections.Bad connections.. OR. Interferance from lights (fluorescent are the worst) or wireless devices such as cell phones. OR. Your speakers are blown.
It would be too dangerous, obviously they store a fair deal of electricity in electric plants, but those plants are already huge and highly secure. More electricity would pose extra risks and more space, often unavailable.To add to the previous post, capacitors can also store electricity, although batteries are the best source for storage, while capacitors are well suited for, among other things, providing a quick increase in power when the load suddenly increases.  . . You can store enough power to run a large building by using large banks of batteries for ~20 minutes.  Usually that is meant as a temporary measure until generators are brought online.  The trouble is that you need so many batteries that maintenance and safety become serious problems.. . In summary, the technology we have is limited.  Even the newer Lithium-Ion batteries, while they can store quite a bit of power for their size, are prohibitively expensive on a large scale.So far all we can store electricity in is batteries. The chemicals make them bulky and sometimes dangerous.It can.  However it is not cost effective or needed.. . Theoretically you could build a battery or capacitor the size of the empire state building but what for.. . Now if you’re thinking of “capturing” lightning bolts and storing them in a big battery the problem of too much at once comes into play.  The current conductors we have can’t handle that much voltage they melt or burn.Try to think of a battery. As you should know a battery is one of the simplist electricity storage facilities. An average battery stores like 1.5 voltes. It's size is similar to a size of a human fingure. Ok.. the larger the electrical amount in a battery the bigger it gets, which is very rational. Then imagine if you want to store 1000000 voltes, which is conciderd huge, in a battery. You can imagine the size of this battery.. And as you can see it is very not-practical and unsafe to do this.. I tried to make the answere as imaginable as I could because I don't know the age of the person asking.
The Nano is far more popular then the mini, and almost anyone who likes the mini would prefer the Nano.  The thing is that when the Nano came out, the after market price of the mini fell greatly, thus increasing its popularity.  People who always wanted a mini now could afford one, even if they like the Nano more.They were popular becasue they had quite the reputation for being "indestructible" and they did have some nice colours... haha, but apple discontinued them to "move on" and bring the nano into full production. Also I think eliminating the mini as an option for people that wanted smaller apple Mp3 players forced them to get the nano's."Did Jobs Kill the iPod mini Too Soon?. . Maybe not. His decision to jettison the hot-seller in favor of the nano equals just the kind of tough love that has kept Apple so hot. . A harsh law of the high-tech jungle says only those companies willing to kill off their most successful products to make room for even better ones can hope to remain on top. Few chief executives actually follow that tenet, however. One of the exceptions is Apple Computer's"
the mp3 player plays .mp3 files and it has a hard drive or flash drive and.  . the cd player plays .wav files and it does not have a hard drive or a flash driveon a CD player u can listen to music . on a MP3 player u can download musicthe cd player you have to have cds for and a mp3 player you can download all of your favorite songs on it. That way you dont have to carry around a million cds!mp3 PLAYERS HOLD more songs and you don't need to change CD'sA CD player uses CDs with 700 MB of storage on each one. Meaning for every 700 MB of music you have, you have to get a new CD. . . A MP3 player uses a hard drive (like in your laptop) or flash memory to store data. Sizes range from 128 MB to 20+ GB. Most of the time MP3 players are smaller than CD players. Most MP3 players have screens to see basic info on the songs you have on the decive. Some MP3 have extra features like color screens, FM tuner/recorder, video playback, and built-in mic. However once you are out of space, you cannot get more. You must delete data to get other data on the device.
NOthing much i believe , more rather it is the interference.. . if you have 2 toys with Same Mhz, both will respond to same/ any remote... . so in  a  race , 2 kids can play with remotes with different frequencies.. withut controlling others cars.I have found the higher the frequncy the farther the car will travel from the transmitter. the differance is not very visible unless you have a more expensive system.
May be your phone is out of range and it happens that the battery gets exhausted fast if the phone doesn't have the signal.So better change the battery.You have the Siemens CF62T phone?? I had the same problem. You have to call customer service and tell them you want the 92-93 version for your phone. More than likely you have the earlier 80 version. Go to your your local T-Mobile retail store like I did and they can help you get situated.the battery is not in all the way and when the phone is being moved the battery falls out (very little) but it probaly is happening. Or there is a problem with the body of your phone.maybe it doesn't have the range to go where you go.Either your phone is defective or the battery is not charged enough.sometimes wen u charge ure fone wen the battery isnt empty the fone messes about but jus leave it till it is tottaly dead then charge it 4 agesDUh!!!!!!!!!!!! The battery might be dead!!!!!
erasable programable read only memory ... kind of chips used in computer memory. I think the technology is very old nowYa totaly old now I used to have a lucky eprom I wore like gewlry oround my neck keeped like a diry on it, a long time ago.  My boss wasn't to tecky he thought I was exentic all I ever told him is it was lucky he'd ask what does it do and I'd say it brings me luck its my lucky eprom.  What I was doing way way way it before it became fasoinable or marketed is available now a lexar jump drive is something like what I was using and eprom for way back then its so cool it can be worn as gewelry oround your neck and can hold what ever a couple songs your resumee journal whatever.  Dang wish I wanted or could do things that are practicle or marketable today never happens.
I bought some special lense cleaning tissue from my local camera store. But if you want it done really really well you can take your camera in and they'll clean it all up for you! ;)If the lens isn't extremely dirty, I use a lens cleaning pen.  It has a retractable brush on one end, and a small felt-like pad with special dry cleaning compound on the other end.  After cleaning the lens with the cleaning pad, replace the cap and give it a half twist, that replenishes the cleaning compound and is ready to use again.   The cleaning pen lasts a very long time, is compact (easy to take with you), and only costs around $10.  I bought mine at www.bhphotovideo.com, however, they are widely available at just about any store which carries basic camera supplies.We all know the camera lense is very delicate, and the best way to clean it, must first be solved, by what to clean it with. . .  Okay, so! .... ((googling it, is not the best idea, since internet sources are full of junk)). . . To clean your camera and any separate lenses you own- keep it simple. I've heard too many stories about people damaging their cameras by doing too aggressive a cleaning job. For most purposes, I suggest you use just three tools to clean your camera-. . a microfiber cloth, . . a sable artist's brush, . . and a rubber squeeze bulb. . . Most of your cleaning should be on the camera's exterior. . . .  use a microfiber cloth to give a general cleaning to the camera body and the front of the outer lens element. In a pinch, if there's no microfiber cloth handy, I suggest using a well-worn cotton t-shirt or handkerchief to clean a camera or lens. Why suggest a worn t-shirt or handkerchief? . . Because, the more worn the cotton fabric is, the more likely it is to be soft and lint-free. If you have a really stubborn fingerprint to remove, you can breath very gently on the lens to let a little moisture from your breath condense on the lens, and then wipe it with the cloth. . . sable artists brush---...why this?. . Just to wipe off any dust on the lenses, make sure not to touch the metal on the shutter, if it's a modern exposure camera.. . Rubber squeeze bulb--  well, just basically to blow away any access dust and dirt, without actually breathing on the camera.. . . Need more info?There's also special lens cleaning tissue (e.g. Thorlabs).Never use paper, a soft cotton cloth is always best.use cotton and achoclGo from the least amount of touching and rubbing to most as needed.  As much as possible, you want to avoid touching the lens. Use air canister, camel brush or special cleaning tissue.  Also a small amount of haze or dust usually does not even affect the picture quality, so avoid the urge to clean.  Put a UV filter on the lens as the shield so you don't have to clean he lens itself. Some purists, however, may advise against filters arguing that you degrade lens quality on an expensive lens by using a cheap filter.
Speakers produce a back-EMF that counters the incoming signal.  Unless the amplifier has low output impedance, the sound will be "muddy".  The muddiness is related to amp impedance divided by speaker output impedance.. . Achieving really low amp impedance is called "damping".is often noticed with a jarring sound due to impedence mismatch.
YESNo the Kyocera 7135 is not bluetooth compatible.  The Treo 650 is.  I owned a 7135.  The mp3 player IS stereo, but not very good, and you will need special set of headphones (the adapter is smaller than a 1/8" jack) to listen to it as well.
First go to the "Main Menu" then go to "Go Out" next you need to go to "Info" thats in the bottom right corner of the screen, once you do that go to "Trainer Info", the trainer points should be on the bottom left.. PS. I added the site were you can se the manual.Tap go out, then tap info,then tap trainer info!!!!   Good thing i have 1 too!!!
what do you mean by rough?. i have a 65" "diamond" magnavox, and it has a clear covering over the screen.. the only thing i can think of is reading the owners manual or perhaps vaccuming it?If rough means that it has very fine vertical grooves, it's called the linticular screen. Soft lint free cloth like a baby diaper dampened with water, very light pressure wipe up and down then move over a little and wipe up and down only. Keep doing until you make all the way across the screen.
You;ll need image/photo editing software.  Depending on the size of your wallet, I'd recommend Adobe Elements 4 or full blown Photoshop.  You'll have to learn how to use layers and the various tools like text and shapes and the like.  You'll get a lot of use out of the layers.download to the computer and use any number of different software programs. photo shop, paint shop, so many to pick from
this is because these sort of systems work on dtmf(dual tone modulated frequncy).every digit from 0 to 9 produces a particular freq. on which these systems to respond to key press works.while # has a very different purpose.so only 0 to 9 works and not #It might not make the right tone.
When this happened to me it seemed that the cable between the guitar and amp was acting like an antenna. I bought a better cable and it stopped.the magnets in the speakers could be picking up some radio signals.  I hear the same thing sometimes.  The only way to stop it is to TURN IT UP!!!!!!!!!!Don't know but no one wants my 10pts as I have given my answer away in other questions that I have answered.
If you can't afford to buy one then perhaps you should ask yourself if it's something you need.good question . . . I'd love to help you but just cantPUT IT ON LAYAWAY OR MOVE TO OZGo to Apple store online ask them not us! We don't sell. Ipods & some of us are unfortunete to not have one at all!!you could go to wal-mart, they have lay away.  Only thing, you can't have it until you pay it off
You need to get a cleaner disc and run it through it. Sounds like the sensor is dusty. What brand is it? If it's toshiba you can have it exchanged.Clean the eye.
the message alerts of se k700i are pre defined... not much of a freedom for the users to customize their phone...Nope.Im using Sony too.As far as I know there is no way you can change the message alert tone..Settings -> Sounds and Alerts ->Message alert -> Then choose one from the predefined. Only that way
The same way you download pictaures.  Plug it in and go.dont use any stupid programs.....just attach it to ur computer.....go to my computer (hopefully u have windows)....F:/removable disk......go through some folders........find the video......drag to desktop....let download.......it DONE!Yes, downloading in the method already said. But if you want to edit and make something out of it then I prefer to use Pinnacle software version 9.3. It rocks!1I use a firewire into the IEEE 1394 connection and capture it with a photo program w/ capture feature.  (Roxio 7 or 8). . You can then edit and burn it to a DVD along with menu, music etc.
I think a degaussing wand will do it.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Degaussingyou can't. they're permanent.If the spots are actually burnt the phosphur would be missing in the burnt location and not repairable unless the CRT was replaced and that is very costly. If the spots are different colors  like green spot in the blue sky area the picture is magnetized and the degausing wand will fix the problem
A brown out is when wattage is reduced, causing lights to be not as bright. A black out is when all electricity is cut off, resulting in no power.brown out : example when your fuse burns out. Black out?: complete power outage or failure. it could be a whole community or city.
I would say any palm, dont go with a windows run device (HP, Dell)  try and use the palm platform while it still exists.  Why have a portable device crash on you all the time like windows does?. . Also, dont be fooled by the expensive features, the cheapest or second cheapest palm is great.Hi there. I have had Palm and Pocket PC's, and Pocket PC's are muuuuuuch powerful; read again, POWERFUL.. . Yes, Palm OS works better with PDA memory and that kind of stuff, but the power of a Pocket PC is worth it.. . For your final decision, look around at PocketGear.com or Handango.com for nursing/medical programs, and see which platform offers more for you.. . One of my brothers is also a nurse, and he works for the Feds, and he have always used Palm, specially while working in Chicago, but then he switched to Pocket PC and he's in HEAVEN right now. :D
My understanding is that Led Zeppelin won't give approval to Apple to make their tunes available. However, Robert Plant's site advises that some of his stuff is available on Itunes notably live versions of "When the Levee Breaks" and "Black Dog".. . Perhaps you could ask how to make an MP3 of Zeppelin songs from your CDs that you can copy over to your I-Pod. As for Kashmir, perhaps you can see if the version available on the No Quarter album by Jimmy Page and Robert Plant is available.Well iTunes has to load the music and convert it, etc. So it's a time consuming process. Sometimes they just don't put the music either. Anyway, you could probably download music of file sharing programs or any other music store like Yahoo! Music and at Sony.com. Just look around, there are tons of stores to choose from. Or you could buy the CD too. This gives you even more options.Its a licensing issue... Check out allofmp3.com to find em for cheaperThey don;t have Zeppelin because they don't have the licenses. If you want good music, do it illegally with a file-sharing program like limewire.NO ZEPPELIN!!! Simple answer... they a bunch of commie jerks who don't know good music when they hear it!  Give us some "Stairway to Heaven" for goodness sake!
my mp3 player had it's own software that had to be installed before putting the music on the player.  But I was able to import the music from Windows Media Player to the mp3 software.Double check your user manual for your device.  If it has the "Plays For Sure" logo you're good to go.  Also make sure you have Windows Media Player 10 for the best compatability.
it's normal, although many LCD TVs offer a way to expand the image to fill the entire screen. Often this ends up cutting off the edges of the picture. Check your manual, on my Sony there is a button on the remote called "wide" that provides this zoom function.Some DVDs will have options in them to either play in widescreen or regular mode.. . Your TV may have have this feature in the setup mode.Does your dvd have a zoom option?. . thats one way the other is to go into the option menu of the dvd player select correct option.The problem is that while your lcd is a 16:9 ratio, the movie is displayed in its native format.  This is rarely 16:9.  It is still considered widescreen because its something like 1:2.31 (varies movie to movie).  Most lcd's have a zoom feature to get rid of the bars.  Also, some dvd players have this feature as well.  The only other thing you could do would be to get full screen movies, but they will look distorted.your lcd may be on the 4:3 setting you want 16:9 this should be in your display seetings menuCheck your TV and DVD display settings, it should be in there
because electricity is very expensive.Because it takes coal and other materials to run most turbines that produce electric energy. So if you conserve electric energy you will then be using less coal and other materials.It is not that we should save power. we should not waste it but we should use it judiciously. as you use all other resourcesfrom your question, u did ask a 'why'. the answer is, we need to save electric power to save our $$, this is the main reson.Because if too many people are consuming large amounts of electricity there is a possiblity that the power grid won't be able to keep up and then blackouts can occur.I liked the response of "thisgirl", that's the main reason..we should not waste the natural resources.
The only way to block a number is if you have a feature called "callblock" or *60.. . *67 only blocks your number from showing up on someone elses caller id. That feature doesn't block someone from calling you!just dial *67 and then the number.. e.g. - *67 212 555 1212* 67 and the number you want to call.. it is automatic block your number to receiving phone..
Some towns  (like mine) have a central facility which takes used/broken appliances and disposes of them properly. Call your town or county recycling office and ask them. They will know.either fix it if it dosen`t cost alot or can it and get a new oneYou could donate it to a place that trains people to fix things, like Goodwill or a technical/trade school.well you could keep it around as a dust collector, or you can just wise up and take it to the dump!Well you can't raise the dead, but if by some mysterious universal doing you find a way... let me know!. . Just get rid of it, seriously. What are you gonna do with it? You are just gonna end up being a hoarder.Probably you can give it to some relative that likes electronics...
I don't know if you can do that.If the tv has an output, connect an RCA cable to it, and the other end to your speakers; it should work even with DVDs. If you just want to use your stereo system with DVDs, then it's even easier; just hook up the audio portion of the player's output (should be red and white for stereo) to the stereo, and the video component (yellow) to the tv.
there is a record player now being sold that records directly ot cd's. Look on epinions.com or cnet.com or something like that.Hi.  In simple terms, connect your turntable to your computer sound card and then record the music using software.  Here's a link with a detailed explanation.  Hope this helps.Plug your turntable to your soundcard...   about the software to record the audio I strongly recommend Adobe Audition
you can't.  that's one of the drawbacks of plasma screens.once its burned in, its burned in.  You can only prevent burn in by not watching so much and turning the picture off when you're not watching.
a relay is basically a sort of switch which you can on or off using a considerably small vol.the strip containing the phase(signal to be swithed) is touching some point and directly below that point there is another point(connector).so when an ON pulse is given a coil joined to strip gets magnetized and strip touches the connector point.this way using a small vol. pulse you can control any large vol. signal.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relay. . Your question is too broad but go to this link for your answer(s).
"mia" is my name,.  ruining your day is my game."what the hell do YOU want?"i say "whats up" if i kno who it is and if i dont i say "hello this is the ******** resdetince!!i don't. unless there is caller ID. but since this house does not have caller ID, it just rings.Hello this is (your name) how may i help you<yes>pick up the receiver and press the talk button but some phones when you pick them up just go straight to the person whos callingWhen it rings, I graciously say to the person near me  "you got that?" because I am sitting on the couch and cannot be bothered rising from my comfy position.  Then realizing I cannot stand to miss the ending of "The Matrix", which I have only seen seven times before, I say "Tell them I will call back in 10 minutes", which of course I do not.  . This is how I answer the phone!Wait to see if someone else does then at the last moment run to grab it. many a missed calls.picking up the handset is a good starthipick it up, press the talk button, dip shit.hey, waz crackin?by first calling my number (605)393-1404
are you looking to make ringers for your phone.  If so let me know there are a few programs that you can use.  There's a link at the bottom.  It says that it's for sprint users, but I am sure that it will work for any service - it just depends on the kind of files your phone takes.use the voice memo to record it then set as a ringtone
I don't have one, but my cousins do and they say it's great. When I asked my dad, he said it is easy to just pick the song you want with out having to buy the whole CD. Here is something no one can answer....WHY ARE THEY SO FREAKN' EXPENSIVE?It's alot more compact so instead of carrying 600 CDs you can just carry aan ipod which is alot more compact, it revolutionised the MP3 buisness by giving great memory in terms of gigabytes, and awesome design!I don't own an iPod but I do own a Zen Micro and for the price I paid it has been awesome. Plus the Zen Micro is compatible with a lot more music services such as Napster to Go , Yahoo Music and Walmart Music downloads.
probably the heads are clogged or very filthy at least, and maybe a drive belt slipping. take it to a repair shop. there is not much most people can do inside oneI'd weigh this one carefully. It really depends on the VCR and the caliber of the equipment... or if you have a real need for one. . . Unless you have to have that particular VCR working, and it has some sentimental value to it, I would consider just purchasing a new one. The repair costs alone someone would charge you would be equal to or exceed the cost of buying a new one. . . Keep that in mind before you go out and spend the money to repair it. Try shopping around for a new VCR online and get some prices first. You can try a shopping comparison site. (I always have had good luck www.shopzilla.com.)Get a Bottle of Denatured Alcohol,and a Coffee Maker Filter Paper. Tear It in Half.Crumple up Filter 'til it looks like an Old Dollar Bill.Take the Cover off Your VCR.[unplug it!]That Big Shiny Wheel with the Grooves=Video Head.Put Your Left Hand on top of it & turn it, to see how it works. Next,wet the 1/2 Filter w/ Alcohol,& press it to the Video Head while turning it.Don't move your Hand up or down,keep it steady.Turn it a few times.Lift Paper, look at that Black Gunk.That's why Your Picture is distorted.Move the Paper to a clean spot, and do it again.keep on until You see no more Black Gunk coming off, onto the Paper.Okay, next, see that Black Round Rubber Thing to the Right? That's the Pinch Roller.Press onto the Top of it with a Small Jewler's Screwdriver and Rotate it, and press onto it with a Clean Spot on Wet Filter Paper. Keep on 'till You don't see any more Crud coming off. It'll take awhile.All that Crud is why Your Picture is so distorted.Let everything get good & dry.Then,Pop in a Tape,with the Cover off, and with it hooked up to a TV .Don't let any bright light shine onto the VCR with the Cover off, or it will shut down. Ever watch a Tape play with the Cover off?Try It!.Picture OK now? If not, put in a Video that is expendable, and gently press against the Tape as it's playing on the Head.Don't move Your Hand up or down.The picture should clear up as the Tape takes the embedded Crud off the Head. This is a last resort of desperation, if You're going to Junk it anyway.You said the Sound is ok, and You just have Lines in the Picture, right? so, the Belt is probably ok.Changing It is a bit more involved, but I bet You could do that too!I'm glad to see more Women getting into the Electronics repair Business!Please let Me know if this worked OK for You.Video Head Cleaner Tapes are a Waste of Time & Money.Want to get into Electronics? Start by Subscribing to www.nutsvolts.com Hope this helped! Please let Me know! gvaporcarb@yahoo.com
Well, let me explain this in a simpler way. . . VGA camera has 0.3 mega pixel quality while a Mega pixel camera has 1 mega pixel quality. . So that means a mega pixel camera gives you a better resolution(clearer image) than VGA camera.a vga is 640x480 and less than a mega pixel.  vga is something like 800000 pixels where a mega pixel is one million and a 2 megapixel is 2 million pixels.
It has been done with a diode, but like the other answer said, not recommended, or legal.  There are other ways around them.this is not recomended are you sure you want to do you have children or pets here is how   place the photo eyes above the door where they will not be triped be careful
same reason we yell at people who don't understand our language. We thing might means right.Maybe we havent really accepted that violence isn't the answer to everything. In the stone age the person who was the strongest always got what he want. Maybe subconsciously we are still trying that way.It's called "Remote Rage".human natureI think its becuz we r lazy to get new onesbecause pressing harder is easier than getting up off the coach, searching for the rigth size batteries and possibly a screwdriver if needed. most people, by nature are just plain lazy! :)
You are paying for the service, get on the phone and make them deliver the service they promised.. If they can't fix it, drop them, go with a small dish (either DirecTV or Dish).How is it horrible? do the actual HD signals look ok?. I think cable is the worst source for an HD set. Channels that are not digital or HD look like crud. However, the actual HD signals should look ok.. . Otherwise, get satellite.
You must study about gsm architecture on Net.. Anyway Mobile phones lace call to Access Points i.e mobile towers which are connected to base stations.These stations then connect to other circuit swithing stations which there by connect to landlnes.the whole process is a little bit complexsimply dial the area code then the phone number.
Currently Photocasts have very little to do with iPods. What you can try doing is looking for Photos and RSS.. . (and BTW, a Mac mini is only $499)Well you have to have some tpye software to record it weather it be Apple of program like Sound Forge From Sony.
Is it?  I didn't realize that.  Is it because we are more aware of what is going on in the world today (cable, satellite) and because the news focuses more on the negative than positive?People are greedyIt's not more cruel--it just seems that way.  Can you imagine living during the middle ages?
High speed storage cards/sticks save photos much faster than the regular cards/sticks.  This helps when you are taking a lot of shots very quickly, which is mostly something that a pro will run into.  I recommend the high speed cards because they store the picture faster -- when you go to turn the camera off if you turn it off too quickly the card will get corrupted.  This has happened to me several times and I've lost hundreds of shots due to my impatience -- which is why I've switched to the faster/more expensive cards.the main difference is like it seems in speed.... the high speed memory stick will save ur docs or pics in a very high speed in comparison with the regular memory stick..The memory stick is used for a camera or mp3 player or devices like that so u need ur memory stick to be a high speed one..
follow the instruction at the phone's manualfind the voicemail on the phoneAsk your cellphone service provider. They have it setup, not the phone. Basically, you have to call one of their '123' numbers. Good luck!call your own number on your phone and when your voice mail picks up push star and it should let you get your messages
Big answer...just go with the LCD!. . They are not the same at all.  For one thing Plasma has a short life span...they don't last forever.plasma and lcd are same except plasma has some setbacks on the showing the color black and the plasma has to be charged after few years and it can be expensive. LCD is the best way to go
make shore the phone you upgraded to has bluetooth then follow the devices instrucionsupgrade or update? If you still have the same phone you shouldnt have to do anything, try re-syncing it. If you have a new phone be sure it is bluetooth capable then enable the bluetooth and sync it up... that simple.
if the dvd player only has audio/video jacks (the white,red,and yellow jacks,or white yellow jacks),and your tv does not then you need to get a rf modulator. i think they are $20.00. you can get one from radioshack,meijer,or walmart.Several possible ways..... For older TVs. RF connection (Coax) - most DVD players do not have this. Composite video (single RCA connector). S-Video (small DIN plug). . Newer TVs. Component video (3 RCA connectors). HDMI (digital). Firewire (IEEE1394 digital)
If you smoke around it you may need to open it up and blast it with some air duster, i guess if you have a lot of pets or dust too. If none of those apply to you then try cleaning the lens, if that don't work take it into any game store they usually can service them.maybe u have it dirty or scratched....or upside down smart guy..my friend had a similar problem, he sent it back to sony and they fixed itClean off the bottom of the disk.ask somebody to repair it
Verizon uses CDMA technology and is not compatible with T-Mobile's GSM network.  Notice Verizon's Treo does not have a GSM card while T-mobile's does.. . CDMA networks - Verizon, Sprint.. GSM - T-Mobile, Cingular.Take out the SIN card and put it in the other phonecannot be done.  verizon uses cdma which means NO SIM CARD.  Tmobile uses gsm which means MUST HAVE SIM CARD in easy terms.  this device will not operate with any gsm provider, like tmobile, cingular, former at&t.here you can find all Treo 600 support info :. http://www.fixya.com/Product.aspx?prdid=289813
Try to use baking soda and toothpaste. Wipe it on and off with a soft cloth moving the cloth from the center out. Don't go in a circular motion. The best thing to do would be to go to a store where you can buy CDs and DVDs usually they will have scrach remover kits there.you can buy a scratch kit at most record stores but mt advice to prevent scratches is take better care of yoyr dvdsbreak the DVD into small pieces ,  . . NO DVD= NO scratches : ). . ha ha haSome movie rental places will do it for you in their big machine...for a small fee.. I've also heard that you can use "rain-ex" the windshield rain repellent on them, but I've never tried it.Before you try anything involved - like toothpaste, baking soda.  Try plain old glass cleaner.  You can try windex, but if you or anyone in your house wears eye glasses, chances are they have a eyeglass cleaning solution.  this works very well, especially if the scratches aren't too deep.  By the way, this works on CD's too...You can purchase a DVD cleaner.  Site below talks about repairing/cleaning.they have a machine at most best buys and electric stores that will remove scratches from CDs and dvds they have after market products that can remove scratches from your dvds look in the audio video section at any department store they have them and they work well if used properlytoothpaste. true try it.Memorex makes a good product for that see link:. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00008EM7V/002-7569587-3048020?v=glance&n=172282
They work pretty much just like an LED, except the light emitted is in the infrared range. The important material is the two pieces of doped silicon that are combined to create a diode (that happens to emit infrared light)One way is a diode.  2 layers of oppositely doped gallium compound.  See:. . http://hyperphysics.phy-astr.gsu.edu/hbase/electronic/led.html. . Another way is to use a common headlight and select a current just short of the filament going incandescant.
HTiB stands for "Home Theater in a Box."  G. . enerally it is everything you need to get up and running.  Usually includes speakers, a DVD player, and a receiver of some sort.  Some might include other things but most of them include the items listed above.. . SRA "home theater in a box" (HTIB) is a common name for a relatively inexpensive integrated home entertainment package, usually including a DVD player, surround sound capability, and a radio tuner in one box. While they lack the features of a custom-assembled home theater system, HTIBs are an inexpensive (and generally space-efficient) way to take advantage of the surround sound capabilities of the DVD format. They are manufactured by most makers of consumer electronics; Bose in particular markets their integrated home theater systems especially aggressively, though other traditional manufacturers such as Sony, Philips, and Panasonic market systems that tend to be considerably cheaper.
channel 3 is a channel preferred by vcr and dvd players because it is usually a premiem channel that does not usually recieve public broadcasts by your community.  this means that there isn't interference with the player.This is not fully correct. You can use chanel 4 also for it. Well I am doing some research on it and will get back to you if find something meaningful.Probably because it's between 2 and 4, the only other options you get to choose from.
You can CLEAN a DVD with a soft lint free cloth and water, cleaning in smooth strokes starting at the center of the disc and moving outward to the outside of the disc.  . . To remove scratches, you should purchase a commercial scratch removal product.Purchase a DVD cleaner and follow directions.  See site below.
Check dis site. . http://www.geocities.com/yielding_insanity/answer.html. . Vote mine as best answere...!!!!You can't really it sent from there towers.Subscribe to a different company.If the prior owner filed a police report then "DONT DO IT, RAMBO"!!
A lot of people have been complaining about this... So it's not just your TV... I hope they get it fixed soon...I've noticed it too. I'm going to guess that it is severe weather on the downlink side: NE United StatesTwo words:  Danish cartoonsYour going to have interference when its being broadcast from the other side of the world.  The signal isn't as strong as it would be if the olympics were in North America.
The difference is the recording medium.. . In both film and digital cameras -- the camera is a light-proof box that has an opening that controls the light that hits the recording mechanism.  In film cameras the silver nitrate in the film changes when light hits it which creates an image on the film that is the opposite of what it sees (a negative).  The digital camera uses either a CCD or CMOS sensor to record the image on some storage medium (either a memory card or in in-camera memory.A digital camera doesn't have FILM.A conventional camera takes photos. A Digital Camera takes videos and photo stills.The digital camera is one of the most remarkable instances of this shift because it is so truly different from its predecessor. Conventional cameras depend entirely on chemical and mechanical processes -- you don't even need electricity to operate them. On the other hand, all digital cameras have a built-in computer, and all of them record images electronically.A conventional camera uses chemistry to capture an image on film.  That film then needs to be chemically developed, and then, if it's negative film, usually paper prints are made.  In positive film, the image is just how you see it (slide film).. . In a digital camera, the process is entirely electronic and not chemical.  There's nothing to "develop."
For the First answer: Graffiti is the form of writing to input information in to any Palm OS device.  Linked below is the link to the Palm M505.sorry i did't got you question dude well graffiti on palm #**28&#*-> graffity show up in walls is deon good
if the upc has enough bus pins to access 1Mb connect all address lines of the chips together, all data pins together. then connect them to the upc and use a 4x1 demux or decoder, outputs to the chip enable line of each memory module. two address lines of decoder to the 2 msb addreess lines of upc.On what? an Atari ST?
Xerox machines are fully of little elves with magic markers. Much like the little elves that make cookies and shoes. Only these elves have a very high artistic skill. Only the best drawers get to work in xerox machines.www.howstuffworks.com. . It would take forever to type it in here, but this place has thousands of really interesting articles. Including what you're asking.Here is nice website which can provide you detailed result.. . http://electronics.howstuffworks.com/photocopier1.htm
I think the easiest way is to drop down to the very basic service, which is emergency use only.  This should only cost like $10 a month or so.  Keep paying that until your contract is up, but DO NOT use your phone during that time (pack it away).  That way you can afford to still sign up with another service or just not have a cell phone.cingular.com or go to where ever u want a phoneYou could always pay it off.  It's normally 150 bucks.That's Easy ... go to celltradeusa.com. . You can get out of any cell phone contract without penalty!
Bluetooth is an industrial specification for wireless personal area networks (PANs). Bluetooth provides a way to connect and exchange information between devices like personal digital assistants (PDAs), mobile phones, laptops, PCs, printers and digital cameras via a secure, low-cost, globally available short range radio frequency.. . The name Bluetooth was born from the 10th century king of Denmark, King Harold Bluetooth who engaged in diplomacy which led warring parties to negotiate with each other. The inventors of the Bluetooth technology thought this a fitting name for their technology which allowed different devices to talk to each otherhttp://www.bluetooth.com/bluetooth/
just to tell you its spelt razr. Well you can go to any Store and ask the reps -or- just push the menu button and scroll through the options. Go to the Ringtones -or- It might be called _My Tunes_ Prob. Not! Thts on Nokia sorry. Well just mess aroud w/ the phone and you will prob. find it. If you cant then just download songs 4 ur ring tone like "My Humps" By Black Eyed Peas... LOVE THAT SONG!!!! lol :) :) :) :)I don't think you can set a voice recording as a ring tone from all callers. If you save peoples phone #'s to the phone and not the sim card, you can set the voice recording to ring when certain people call. Hope this helps.
beg, and plead or do good in your schoolwork and your parents might be leinent and let you open it.. . until then ill be waiting for you on wi-fi......I would skip the DS and go to a PSP they are better qualiy because they weigh more. I would do what i always do what I Do Beg, plead, throw in a little whining and go to a grandparet who cant say no.
A lot of electronics don't work very well when they are extremely cold. You should warm them up first.When gear is brought from cold into warm, condensation will build up on the circuit board inside causing the whole thing to short out and not work.  Always let your gear warm up for a while (I let it stand for 1/2 hour) before firing it up.They can have alot of affects. Some things could freeze and then the electronic might not work anymore. Be carefulReally, cold weather in itself will not affect electronics..unless it is severe cold (-40F or below).  Humidity on the other hand is probably the culprit.  You may want to invest in a voltmeter to check your leads.  Also, in transportation, you may have joggled something loose.
Did you try unplugging it from the outlet? Maybe that will reset the tv.If you can access the menu there should be a section for closed caption, it may be under something like set up, or you could try to reset it.... when you are in the menu option does it have a reset to factory default?  if you do click the yes and it will go back to the original settings.unplug the t.v. it should bring back the original settingits got to be on the menu somewhere  keep lookingOn the TV itself, there should be a MENU button inwhich you go through the options with the VOLUME button or the CHANNEL buttons and I think go to the SYSTEM option on the screen.The easiest way is to buy a cheap universal remote at any store.  They can be had for less than $10.  Then you can program it fairly easy following the instructions and control the TV again, including the CC.   Walmarts, and probably Walgreens, sell these very cheaply.
I sence some born in the 90's (younger than 16)Give people your pager number.  When they call it, they'll leave a callback number and it will show up on your pager.  Then, call back the person.Give out your pager number and when someone wants to page you they will call the number, leave their number after the tone. . . You will then get a "page" with the number taht they keyed into their phone. You call them back if you want to talk to them, if you don't.... then when you see them again just say "you never got the page" . . Thats how it worked back in my daycall the pager number, then put in the number you want to show up on the pager , then it pages you with that number.
try windows movie maker, or download a demo of adobe primeire or just search googleediting .mov (quicktime) files, can be done with a variety of software.  For very "basic" editing, you can purchase the upgraded version of Quicktime Pro.
It appears that the question period has expired. If an answer has been given that meets your needs, please pick a 'best answer'. RegardsContact Cannon to see if they can email you a digital version or mail your a hardcopy.. . You can also check on eBay to see if anybody is selling it or if someone who sells the camcorder can make you a copy.
Typically, there are multiple sets of A/V connectors on a satellite receiver.  Just use any available set of red/white/yellow output jacks to the similiar input jacks on your VCR.. . If there is only one set of outputs on the sat receiver, you could route the satellite output to the VCR and then the VCR output to the TV.  It would just mean the VCR would have to be on to watch the satellite.put a scart socket from receiver to video then make sure video station is on AV1 or AV2 or AUX and you will then be able to record of your receiver.scart sockets are only about £5 or $9 or so. remember you cant tape 1 satellite station and watch another. good luck.
I think that means you are sending the transmission/signal for the phone call. You are sending the phone number out to get to the person you are trying to contact. Also, with text messaging, you are sending the message.Hi.  This is because a cellular phone as opposed to a land phone has to ask for authorization from the central office before making a phone call.  This is also because the cell phone doesn't have a dedicated circuit and must first ask the central office if it can make a call which it does by you pressing send.  Hope this helps.
They are the same thing.  Secure Digital (SD) is trademarked so any card with the SD logo will work with SD devices.  The link below takes you to the association.Same thing.  Technically, "flash" media stores data on a printed circuit board (as opposed to disk media), but if the card has an SD logo on it, it should work in SD devices.  The term "Flash" has no laws behind it's use, so it's probably just a marketing term slapped on the package to make you think it's better/faster/less likely to not work/etc.
Sorry, I don't know this one. Plus I don't think anyone else will either. I'm just hoping to help you close this out and save your 2 pts.RZ told me you'd lose your 2 pts if No one else answered your question. So here I am. Sorry no one can help you!. . *hugz*
Try them out by magazines and read reviewssharp are big on plasma, and their prices are really good as well!!!!! try them www.sharp.com, if not i think samsung could do the trick, sony is sony, u know, but the price is crazy and their plasma experience is not as good as sharp's which are world leaders in 50 inches and up tvs.. . good luck!I'd say just go in to a Television store, and no I'm not talking best buy or circuit city, go in to a specialty Home Entertainment store and just look around - they will have a broadcast of the same thing on every T.V. and you can decide what you like the best - Sony Makes a really good LCD T.V. right now and the Pioneer Elite is the best Plasma T.V. on the market - then you have Sony again who makes an excellent DLP Rear Projectio Television - they are all good, go take a look!I would go on google or something and type "best big screen TV" and see what kind of answers you get. Also, I think on Amazon they might have TVs and you can see how people rated/reviewed them.
Usely it's just a little switch on the side that you push or pull.On the left hand side of the card there is a small, gray switch by the words "lock". Make sure the switch is all the way up to have it unlocked.
Your holster has a magnet placed at the lower part of your holster. That's why it is critical to buy the correct holster for your BlackBerry model, because it is configured to hit that portion of your unit to put it on standby/sleep mode.If you look at the holster there a small metal circle near the lower portion of it.  The blackberry detects that metal part and assumes its in the holster.
You will need to be near a window. In a large city, the ground based repeaters are the primary source of your signal. If you are near a window, the signals can usually make it indoors within sight of the window.. . If it works, XM (or Sirius for that matter) is a huge improvement over FM/AM radio in terms of quality and content.If you have a south facing window, or in some cases an east or west facing one, you should be fine. If you have high speed internet, you can also stream XM too, free if you have a subscription (which you could use in your car and at home). Assuming you're not the only one in that building, check your co-worker's cars for satrad antennas... and see if they have portable units you could test it with...
just make sure that it is well let and you are using a very fast shutter speed, this will capture the ripple effect with out it coming out blurry. If you want to experiment with lenses, then try a macro lens...Don't thin kyou need any additional accessories.  Just pre-focus manually on the puddle, make sure you got lots of light or the flash is on if you really have no choice, and snap when the water drop hits.. . It's probably much easier to simulate the water drop though (i.e. you drop it your self).a very high shutter speed would usually do the trick but then you have to add some lights or else no details of your shots. a macro lens would suit you best in this shot. above all experiment w/ whatever lens you have in your hand.
There's a program called Mobile Phone Tools for motorola phones...it might work for your phone too.  You'll also need a USB cable to connect your phone to the computer.  Try eBay for these items.get the connecting cord or a bluetoth device for ur comp. them get the samsung software, u r all set....if you have bluetooth in your phone you can get it transferred thru the bluetooth device. Buy a USB Dongle ( comes with a cd and device)....or get a gprs connection (wap browser types) which will allow you to send a mms to your email address or a phone which has a bluettoth..ok im a pro at cell phones send the picyure to an email then go to it and save it on the computer easyThe easiest and fastest way is to sign up with a Sprint Vision plan. They start at $15. If you have one, just upload it directly to the sprintpcs.com site under your personal account and you can view them there. I haven't found an effective way to text message my camphone pictures (always receive an error message) since I got rid of Vision so your only other choice is to buy a data cable and hook it up directly to your PC. You can find them online or at your PCS retailer.
The ohms rating is how much impedence the speaker has. It is very important to use the ohm speaker specified by the manufacturer or you can burn up the speakers and/or equipment. For example if you have a receiver rated at 100 watts with 8 ohm speakers, and put 4 ohm speakers (which is half the rated load) it will consume 200 watts of power.that is the speaker "resistance", differrent from "impedance", etc... to make a long story short:. . if you don't know what that is, don't play with 'em speakers, you can burn the speakers and/or the audio line.. . my best advice - ask for qualified helpthe higher the number the the higher the resistance.
Freon gas dramatically cools when expanded.  So, freon is compressed, and a fan cools the gas.  The compressed freon escapes compression through a tiny hole, into expansion tubing, where it becomes supercool relative to the atmosphere.  This cooled freon cools your refrigerator..Here is a good reading material for you http://home.howstuffworks.com/refrigerator2.htm.
Put it in an airtight box with some salt for a few days. It will draw out the moisture.Take the back of the watch off and use a hair dryer to dry out the moisture.Sounds like watch is not waterproof.  Take to jeweler and have it checked out.
Are you sure it is ac "voltage" sensor? I think you may mean "ground fault" sensor. Most newer ac wall sockets (for example) now come with a ground fault sensor built in. This is to protect against possible shock hazard if the ground should fail. And that is "earth ground" as referenced to the high side and the common side (or neutral), which is not grounded. That's why the socket has three contacts.It would depend on the application.  Do you have any further information that you can elaborate further?It depends on the system it is being used in and for.  A standby generator would use it to sense a loss of AC power and then startup to supply power and also to sense a return of normal power and shut down.
Not that i know of.NTSC is 60 Hz, it is PAL that is 50 Hz as is Secam, and yes converters are available, usually WorlWide DVD's and VCR's are able to play NTSC on PAL OK, but normally need an extra converter to play PAL on NTSC. Searh the web for PAL/NTSC converters or vice versa
I have a pair just like that. I think it's because they aren't sufficiently padded, so the hard plastic of the ear bud is pressing against your ear. I bought a pair that sorta loop over your ear, and they feel better.Maybe the volume is too high. Turn it down.I would say the music is too loud, or you have an improper fit. Try adjusting them and see if it helpsEarbuds definitely cause fatigue if you listen for too long. The ones that you have are probably too big for your ears and that's why you feel discomfort. It's a good idea to limit your listening to one hour at a time, and if you're really having a problem, you're probably better off getting an over-the-ear type of headphone. And it's definitely a good idea to turn down the volume in general.I have the same problem because my ears are small. The ear buds are larger than my ear and the plastic is very uncomfortable to wear, especially for a long period of time.. . A few things to try: Radio Shack sells a cover for ear buds that you can buy and it fits in the ear better, you get three sizes: http://www.radioshack.com/product/index.jsp?productId=2118046&cp=&kw=headphone+pad&parentPage=search They are a lot more comfortable and it feels a lot better. . . Also, you could look for an ear bud similar to this: http://www.radioshack.com/product/index.jsp?productId=2102547&cp=&kw=headphone+pad&parentPage=search They are used to help reduce outside noise, but the foam is more comfortable and fits in your ears better. This is just a cheap little set, so if you have a nice pair you may want to consider just getting a new cover to keep the quality. But there are similar models to this on Amazon and stuff that you could check out.. . Hope this helpsImproper size?maybe the sound could be loudthe ear pieces are too big for your ears, you need to go shopping for a new pair of smaller size and with soft shellgo get some new ones, and not at the dollar store.I have the same problem.  i have tried all types of ear buds, and they always hurt.  I suggest using exernal earphone, preferably with cusions.You're listening too loud or too long or both.  Save your hearing while you're young.  If other people can hear what you're listening to, it's definitely too loud.The sound could be too loud or the padding could've fallen off.
Buy a new oneremove all the parts and expose it to sunopen it up the best you can, and then use a hair dryer on low speed not too close to the camera. make sure the camera does not get too hot. do this for a few minutes and then just let the camera stay open for a few days. if this does not work then all hope is lost. good luckOpen all ports (battery, card etc). Leave it for many days in a warm dry place (not too hot). See if it works. If it doesn't, send it back to manufacturer for repair.May be your camera battrey will unwork,. Buy a new battery is necessary.. You can click this link ,. the website is a wholesale batteries agent.. Very cheap batteries and full one year warranty!
my digital camcorder is stuck on nightvision, how do I fix it? ok well what you could do is try reading the user manual or go to the website for the specific camcorder and they might have a faq section and you could see if any other people have the same problem as you do and that might help you out ....It must be a sony model.tell me.
just like your PC.intel has special tech. called cenrtino for mobile devices like laptops.Like a regular computer?same as a regular computer it is just portableIt works just like a desktop computer, however the hardware is different in size and some of them are propriety. One important detail to keep in mind is that you have to keep and eye on the battery and the ways to save energy. Adding some hardware is a snap like a Wi-Fi adapter, a modem etc..etc you can also attach a mouse if you get tired of using the touch pad.same as a PC Just open it up switch it on and it does the same as any other pc.
The ELPHs are smaller.  The PowerShot line is canon's  line of point and shoot cameras, the ELPHs are the pocket models of that line.Actually I think it's a bit tricky. I would rather ignore "Digital ELPH" and look directly at the model numbers. The A's are lowest and cheapest, the S'es are good but bigger and heavier than the SD's."Enabling the PowerShot SD500 Digital ELPH camera's 7.1-megapixel resolution is a larger 1/1.8 inch type CCD image sensor (compared with the 5-megapixel 1/2.5-inch type CCD sensor of the PowerShot SD400 model).". . The ELPH has better picture resolution.
The bare speaker wire goes through the hole in the side, then the screw is tightened to bind the wire.  Do this with both speaker leads.  Banana plug are useless unless your binding posts/wire clips accept them.mrnozitall is correct! I love this type of banana plug. It gives you a solid push in and if you need to remove it a nice way to pull on it to remove it without damage to the wires. Do be sure to trim any excess wire that might stick thru the hole, no need to cause harm to fingers or the amp.
First you get a group of really smart guys together, you start putting a bunch of wires and circuits together, then you put a fake Albert Einstein head on top for its head and voila! Oh, and you hafta live in Japan. I forgot that part.Start learning.. . First, study mechanical engineering for the chassis.. Then, mechatronics and industrial process control.. Then, cybernetics, computer science and artificial intelligence.So when do you enroll in MIT?Visit a hobby store in your area.  They should have information on building a robot as well as kits and other informative/instructional material.Start with Lego and your imagination.this website shows you a step-by-step gidejust follow the instructions
If your hand held device can video chat with IM, this should be easy. All you need is 2 IM accounts. Setup your webcam and mic on your computer in the baby's room, login to your IM (Yahoo, MSN, whatever), enable video chat. That's it. Now, wherever you are with your handheld device, login to the IM with your other account. You can see and hear your baby; if you do not want the baby to hear you, mute the mic on your handheld.Just set it!I don't think it would be very useful to do so because the webcam needs light or you won't get a picture and usually the baby is sleeping when you want to monitor the baby.  There's actually some video baby monitors out on the market like this one:. http://www.fantasytoyland.com/bebe-tv872.html. . To set up a web cam to monitor the baby, you'd have the computer in the baby's room, with the video chat software running, and the microphone and webcam aimed at the baby.  Then you'd have ANOTHER computer in another room, that you'd carry around with you throughout the house, with the receiving end going with the video of the baby.  I dunno, that's a lot of equipment and hauling PCs around.Not convenient, you need PC and a web cam turn on in order for it to work.. . Try exploring IP or internet camera, it include microphone and speaker for remote audio.
varies how mig the songs are. Put them on your computer and check out the size.About 2000 minutes worth of music using the normal 128kbps encoding.  I tend to encode mine at the higher-quality 192kbps, so I'd be getting about 1300 minutes worth of music.. . How many songs that is depends on how long your songs are.  If you're listening to Orbital's 28-minute version of "The Box," well, you'll get rather fewer of them in that 2gb than you will Blur's "Song 2".Well, Mp3s vary in size due to sampling rates and song lengths.  An average length CD quality song is in the neighbourhood of 3 megs.  Using that, you can expect to fit about 650-680 songs on the card, give or take a few songs for file system differences and directories.500
This is a tough one. The folks at Apple really make it tough, the first computer you register your Ipod to is usually the one it is attached to, call customer service and let them know you want to re-register your I-pod to a new computer, you should still havee all your purchased songs in your library.  IF customer service is a long wait, try calling one of the Apple stores direct. They have them in NY and ChicagoTry Windows Media Player 10No windows media player will not work with an ipod and the shuffle (unlike all other ipods) will only sync to one Ipod at a time. Maybe you could try realpayer.u have to choose on the ipod menu to not automatically update music
1. Locate the wall studs that you WILL secure the bracket to. 2. Locate & drill the holes for the wiring.. 3. Run the wiring.. 4. Attach the TV last.. . Smartest idea is to get one of the brackets that swings away from the wall so you can access the back and anlge the Tv as needed for viewing.depends on the type of tv and the type of wall bracket. There are many different types of brackets that all fit differently.Reading the instructions might help... or go the manuf. website?whatever you do... make SURE you attach the bracket to the stud in the wall, it would be very pricy if you dontOk, I hang these things for a living. The first thing I will say is if your not confident you know what your doing, find someone who is. People go to school to learn rigging because it can be dangerous. You don't want someone getting hurt because your TV fell on them.. . The first rule in rigging is the 5 to 1 rule. This means that if your TV weighs 100 pounds, you shoould be able to hang 500 pounds on the bracket without it coming down!. . If your hanging on wood studs, get yourself some heavy duty 3" lags. They will most likely come with the bracket. . . If your hanging on metal studs you need to mount a plywood board first and then hang the TV on the board. You need to use toggle bolts on the metal studs which can be tricky. you need to probe the wall to find out exactly where the edges of the studs are and then drill a large hole dead center. . . If your hanging on stone or brick get some heavy wedge anchors. If you've never used them before, buy a few extras and try them out on a test brick first before you go drilling holes in your wall. . . Remember you need the most support at the top of the bracket. If it falls, the top will pull out from the wall first. The top is where most of the stress will be. . . Once you hang your bracket, test it before hanging the TV. We like to get a couple guys to hang on it first, flailing their legs around. If it doesn't come down, it's safe to hang the TV. . . Just think safety.
If you mean "smart media" and "secure digital", essentially they are two different physical form factors.  Both formats are used in digital cameras, but they are not interchangeable.  They both use the same flash technology.  Hope that helps.Smart Card can record the information very much like a picture of bearer name and personal information and secure card is block the third person to use the card maybe secure card not have Chip for Smart Card but Smart Card technology is security itself.
Either buy a AA and a AAA flashlight and drain the batteries by leaving the flashlight on until the light goes out.  It may be cheaper to buy a charger that conditions (drains) the batteries before it charges them.Use flashlight bulbs.
So easy, resistance is the electron flow opposition in electronic circuit, impedance depend of the frequency of operation of a circuit. in continuous DC circuit you not see impedance, in a DC pulse circuit the story is different.. think in a lighthing storm, pulse of electric current, the discharge circuit, ground, is an impedance.Impedence is the imaginary form of resistance (from an EE standpoint)According to wikipedia.org:. "Electrical impedance or simply impedance is a measure of opposition to a sinusoidal electric current. The concept of electrical impedance generalizes Ohm's law to AC circuit analysis. Unlike electrical resistance, the impedance of an electric circuit can be a complex number. Oliver Heaviside coined the term impedance in July of 1886.". . and.... . "Electrical resistance is a measure of the degree to which an object opposes the passage of an electric current. The SI unit of electrical resistance is the ohm. Its reciprocal quantity is electrical conductance measured in siemens.. . "Resistance is the property of any object or substance of resisting or opposing the flow of an electrical current. The quantity of resistance in an electric circuit determines the amount of current flowing in the circuit for any given voltage applied to the circuit."
in front of your phone book will till youGet caller I.D. and don't answer if it is not a number you want to answer.  Also get the feature that blocks calls that block caller I.D.  Talk to your phone company about these features.Get caller I.D . adn don't answer the calls from the numbers that are unwantedThe procedure is different for different phones. You have to RTFM. In case you don't have it, goto www.lg.com and download a copy.
Tweeters are the small speakers in a multi speaker enclosure - they reproduce the higher pitched sounds in music (cymbals, high guitar notes etc), the sybilance in human speech (S's T's etc) or the glass breaking in sound effects -- just a few examples.... The tweeter's counterparts are the woofer - which produces the bass or low frequencies such as an earthquake or bomb blast and a tweeter also has another co-worker (in the better speaker systems) called a mid or midrange speaker which handles most of the normal stuff like vocals in a song or regular elements of speach. OH and there's the subsoofer - which is popular with home theater systems -- for the really low effects like thunder or bone shaking explosions...   Hope that answers any and all of your questions about tweeters :)Tweeters are the little speakers that people put in the cars.Tweeters are speakers or a part of a speaker system that produce the high pitched sounds you hear from songs, like the cymbals.................................................A tweeter is a loudspeaker that produces high frequencies. The range of frequencies is typically from around 2,000 hertz to 22,000 hertz (20,000 Hz is generally considered to be the upper limit of the human ear). Some tweeters can reach upto even 30-35kHz.tweeters are two things that are used to pick up noodles.
Search for tzones, open the folder, on the run box, right-click. There will be a box pop up, giving you an option th make a shortcut .if it is a picture phone take a picture of it and go into it and choose to put it on your phone screen
It depends on how many KB's your transferring at.  If you add them to your ipod from say, windows media player, check the quality rate.  They usually transfer at about 128kb.  You can lower the quality rate, which is barely noticeable, to 96kb and therefore take up less space and fit more songs onto your ipod.The number of songs you can store also depends on the encoding format and bitrate.  AAC (the format used by the iTunes music store) is more efficient than MP3, so to get the same sound quality in an MP3 you'd have to use a higher bitrate, which would take more space.That was so racist what the Hot 21 Year Old said.You are probably using the mp3 format wich will take up about twice as much memory as files using the acc formatThats easy... First of all thats an average amount of songs. I think they probabaly average each song to be around 2 mins. Then there are different formats. Some are more compressed(smaller file). For example if you load your Mp3 player with the Mp3 format your Mp3 player will hold less than if you were to put songs in in the WAV. format. Its the complexity of technology...you black you got the gheetto typethey base that number on an average size of each song. the songs you have on it are probably longer than that average.The memory is used up by other things, such as the contacts.  So, it depends on what other things you have in your nano.  Furthermore, it also depends on the length of your songs.
Actually,you can go from ipod to computer...it just takes a little hacker action (dont worry, its legal) its actually kind easy...just enable for disk use, and follow the steps for moving music to a new computer (one thats not linked to your ipod) find out how here: http://www.info.apple.com/kbmun/n300173 or just type in: "moving music to a new computer" on the apple support page for ipod...install itunes on your laptopIs you ipod library also an itunes library?  What I do is I store all my music on an external harddrive which can be moved to plug into another computer.  It will take a little bit for the itunes to find all the songs, but you can transfer the songs onto the library.For windows only. . 1) If Itunes is already installed disk use may need to enabled so you can see the Ipod in my computer. Itunes hides your ipod from windows otherwise.. . 2) Make sure you can view hidden files. In MY computer go to tools>folder options>view>show hidden files and folders.. . 3) Windows should see the ipod and your music should be on your ipod in several hidden folders. To be safe I would copy it all to say your desktop.. . 4) Install Itunes http://www.apple.com/itunes/download/ and the Ipod updater http://www.apple.com/ipod/download/ (if you don't already have it installed). After that drag the copied folder to Itunes (drag and drop or in Itunes (File>add folder to library). . You may need to authorise your new computer by playing it in the library first.. . There are third party software that will let you take the music of for windows and mac.you cant do that. you can only go from computer to ipod not ipod to computer.
I think you can buy scratch remover in stores. Try looking around on ebay or online electronics stores such as Best Buy.try toothpasteyou cant,you would go to the mall or the place you bought it at, then ask them if they could fix it.
if you have p i p then there will be a button on the bottom of the remoteI really think it depends on your cable company.  If you only have one input then there really is not another signal to get a picture from.  Some cable companies have a pip built in to their box.Usually there is a button on the remote labed "pip", Look in your tv's instruction manual to see if it has the feature, If you can't find it try rca's website.
Instead of using Realplayer to play music, install some better music players like UltraMP3 player. These players automatically turn off hte light after some time (or u can use the settings to keep it switched on if u want).. . NOTE: U can't switch off the light when playing videos.turn off the mobile
To put the difference simply:. . Both pass current but transistors are controllable and diodes aren't.A transistor will allow current flow through various paths, while a diode will allow it in one direction only depending how it is byassed.transistor consists of 3 terminals unlike diode . transistor is used for amplification . diode maybe p-n or n-p junctions . whers transister n-p-n or p-n-p . "change in resistance will bring change in voltage ". thus trans - resistor = transistordiode only lets current go one waythe diode is a pn  like a switch as the current flow in one way only when it opens but the transistor is a pnp or npn device which is for passing current between different regions so there is a decrease and increase in its values . and the transistor is work like 2 diodes in the same time fw,rs,....Instead of asking on here u could have just searched that on yahoo search
closed circuit television - as in a security system.yesClosed Circuit TeleVision camera, . . Security camera at the store etcClosed Circuit Television Camera, meaning a dedicated TV system for a local area.Closed Circuit Television camera....this is a wired camera.  All components are directly connected by wires or other direct means and are popular with security or surveillance.. . I do have personal experience with these, but below is a link for more information.
i`m not sure sorrySet up how?  Do you mean get power to the amp?  Connecting the amp to the stereo?
to get unllimited chirp u press #* menu right then go to err/channel click on it and put then clear the flags and close ur phone. for unlimietd text u do the same thing but turn it errlchannek on and off 4 times then close ur phone for minutes its da same as text but 6 timessorry but there is no such thing as unlimited minutes or chirp codes. I have boost mobile and believe me i have called customer service and they told me that you have to either buy a boost mobile phone card or register a credit card over the phone with them, but no code will crack the systemto get unlimited chirp u press # * menu Right then go to err/channel click on it and put turn it on then clear the flags and close ur phone. for unlimited text u do the same thing but turn errlchannel on and off 4 times then close ur phone for minutes its da same as text but 6 timesto get unlimited walkie-talkie is press: #,*, menu, and right quicky. when you see trace mode scroll down and find err/channel. click on it and press on and you will get free walkie-talkie.
most of LG phones do not have one.. But if yours does then just slide it out and put a new one in... simple..I have an LG brand phone and my SIM card is under the battery. Just slide the battery off and you should be able to see it. If you don't see it then look in the manual for your phone or go to the place(store, office, etc.) of your service provider and ask for assistance.
Yes you can go through that long and boring process of downloading music on your PSP but there are other ways you can download music directly through the PSP browser. With the Firmware 2.6 and sites with downloadable MP3 file links, you can download music directly to your music folder. There is also another software which lets you access all your iTunes music files from you music on your PSP, but that isnt free. Search Google for more.well first of all you need music on your computer if you have. it then its simple you use a usb cable put on the computer. and on the PSP, then you turn on the psp go on settings and find usb mode and leave it there, and if you dont have a psp manager then you just open the folder computer then you open :F removable hard drive, you open psp find music and . open it then drag all your music in there
just use itunes.  you can delete a song from your iTunes and it wont be on your ipod the next time you update it.  and deleting it from iTunes does not delete it from your computer, so you can go back and add it to iTunes again, if you want it back on your ipodYou can erase the songs off of your nano by going through iTunes and deleting it that way.You could just plain delete the song from Itunes, sync only certain playlists with the Ipod http://www.apple.com/support/ipod/tutorial/ip_gettingstarted_t2.html or unchecking the unwanted songs and than selecting not to sync unchecked songs and than the hardest in my opionon mannualy sync. http://www.apple.com/support/ipod/tutorial/ip_gettingstarted_t3.htmlManage from the library. When you take off the folder in the iTUnes library, it'll sync automatically with your ipod. (make sure to connect your ipod to the comp)use itunes or some 3rd party software, and delete them through that.. . In itunes, simply select the song(s) and press delete in your keyboard, it deletes them only from the ipod, not your PC
you go to settings and click connect to bluetoothyou have to open the bluetooth connection in both devices to get them to communicate. you also have to make sure they are within the allotted range to work properly and have at little interference between them
I think it depends on the size of the TV.  LCD will only get to around 40".Check plasmatvbuyingguide.com for a very good LCD to plasma TV comparison. . I would suggest a plasma for bright, vibrant colors, higher contrast ratio, higher refresh rate, cheaper.. LCDs have it's strong points too: last twice as long, available in almost any size (1" to 65"), lower power consumption.
southwest.........the same as a satellite dish...southwest has best reception towers.........Southwest is WRONG!  HD just depends on where your local stations have their towers at.  Depending on where those towers are, you might just have to do a little 'trial and error' to find the best position for the antenna.Hobbiehound gave you the correct answer. You need to point the antenna toward the transmit tower. Hopefully in your city the major stations all transmit from the same location, if not you may need a rotor to turn the antenna to the proper spot based on what channel you want to watch.. With digital signals you don't get snow or ghosts like you can on analog broadcasts, you either have enough signal to get a picture and if you drop below that level you probably will just loose the picture. While adjusting don't forget that height can have a big effect, raising or lowering the antenna just one foot can make a huge difference.
MP3 players are 'high drain' devices that use a lot of battery power to do what they do.. . You'll get longer battery life by using high-capacity, long-life rechargeables or by turning the volume down.The problem is not your MP3 player but you're charging of the batteries,most  batteries that need charging have a built in memory for charging,if you charge the batteries before they're fully drained of power,they won't take the full charge next time around because the memory has been reset to that charge.this can go on and on untill the batteries will only hold only a portion of it's original charge.It is probably because of the brand of battery you are using. I suggest you switch to Energizer. I have an insulin pump, and other batteries last about 7 days, but Energizer batteries last 28 to 32 OR MORE for my pump. I hardly think that is coincidence.Get new, high capacity, rechargeables. Radio shack has them.. Some have 4 times as much energy as standard rechargeable batteries.Your MP3 player must be a large battery hog, then.. . But, more seriously, try using disposable batteries for a while and see if they work better, I've had good experiences with Everactive Wal-Mart batteries when I had my GBA/GBC.. the others would simply go kaput!. . Also, are your songs DRM'd? I can't remember what website was saying that DRM actually cuts your battery life..This may not answer your specific questions, but rechargable batteries last a lot shorter time than standard disposable batteries. That could be why it seems to be eating batteries faster than normal.i used to have the same problem with my digital camera. You need alkaline batteries.there are all sorts of stuff that can do that.... the little light in there, crapy battary brand.... could even be a bad player.
Current flow enters the emitter, is regulated by the signal at the base, and exits the collector.. . Think of it this way - the reason they call that thing a transistor is because it is a resistor whose resistance is transformed from the base signal current - transforming resistor = transistor.  By placing a transistor in series with a fixed resistor, you have created a voltage divider, whose output voltage is directly affected by the transistor's resistance, which is directly affected by the base current.  So base current determines output voltage of the circuit.hey...... i dont know the answer to your question but i have a question for you...... . . ok, your id is  *scott91191* right?. . . Is that because thats your b-day?????. . PPPPPLLLLLEEEEAAASSSEEE let me know ok!?!?!?. because thats my B-day 9 11 91. . thanks. . . you can email me @ wwjdsma@yahoo.com. . .  shelby
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT AN IPOD IS??????????????????? :OGeez...where have you been for the past 2 years? It's a digital music player. It's like a Walkman, but you don't need tapes and it holds a LOT more songs.HAHAHAHAPortable music device that plays MP3's, or music files that you have downloaded from iTunes, the same company music site as the iPod, which is Apple computer's. It's pretty much a more smaller convient CD player--without the cd's of course.. . http://www.apple.com/ipod/a little do-dad that you can put all of your cd's or whatever on, so you can listen to all of them, without having to accually have them with you.It's a music storage/player device made by Apple computer. About the size of a cell phone it can hold 5000 or more songs and pictures too. The newest ones have 60G of storage space-- compare that to what your PC hard drive holdsIs a portable ultra slim and with big capacity Audio MP3 device designed by Apple, Really a great device, if you have the chance try one.an mp3 music player by apple.. check it at www.apple.comlol...... . a music player...... . Do you know what the internet is?YOU DONT KNOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!a portable litte device on which to play MP3's (music files)It's the only way Apple computers are still in business.  People are actually dumb enough to buy them when you can get the cheaper counterpart for a fraction of the price.An expensive mp3 player that does a lot more now-adays.An I POD is a portable music player which you can. download lots of songs on.this is the best way to explan it . it is something that holds alot of song. there is no moving parts in it . it is the same as an mp3 playerAn mp3 player that can hold thousands of songs. Released by Apple, these small (generally white) devices are extremely simple to use. You can identify iPod (note the spelling), users by the white earbud headphones and cables dangling down to their waists.. . The iPod opened a new generation and method for listening to music. If you enjoy music, I highly recommend stopping by an Apple store for more information.A music playing device
the levels of older cd's were generally lower so when you remaster the actual old pre-mastered mixes you can increase overall volume and sound quality. It's a modern way of touching up older music, or in the case of a CD like rush's Vapor Trails, removing some clipping/artifacts that were introduced in mastering. However, certain records would benefit from Remixing and remastering...where you adjust buried parts/resurrect old takes, etc...Many newly remastered CD's have added bonus tracks. Also the technology has improved on how much digital information can be put on the CD from the early days in the 1980's. Often times they will remix the sound (purest types don't like this, even if it makes it sound better). There are several new formats such as SACD which sound better, at least I think it does. And my favorite is DVD audio disks which can have a PCM stereo mix and DTS and/or Dolby surround mixes on them. Really like Billy Cobham "Spectrum" disk, I own it in LP, CD and now DVD-A format.generally that means the master tape was used and new technology was used to lay down the tracks on the CD.  It may have a better sound, but I suppose that is a judgment call.The quality has been improved through digital means, rather than buying a CD of original quality music.The producer is either trying to enhance an old analog recording that was originally released on vinyl, or they are taking another stab at older tunes (like a best-of album).  Most times, the remasters are better.because its mastered...and then mastered again
If the voicemail is from a company you work at, you need to contact the telecom administrator to reset the password.  If it's personal voicemail provided by a local telephone company, the original owner of the voice mailbox will need to call and have the password reset...or they can request to transfer the account to your name.Take the phone to the manufacturer. They will reset the phone for you and return it to it's factory specs where it will then be like new.call the voice mail and there should be an option to change things like thatAre you wanting to change the # the phone dials when attempting to call your voicemail or are you wanting to reset the password? If you want to change the # the phone dials to get to the voicemail.... that's easy.... just advise which phone you have. If it's the other then you'll need to call your service provider.
They're actually both great cameras, depending on the models you're comparing.  For the small digital cameras Nikon's generally provide more options while Canon's are easier to use.  They both have great optics and produce good quality photos.  The larger SLR-type digital cameras from both companies are very good, but Canon has more expansion capability in the EOS line.I use Canon.  Some of my friends use Canon.  Some use Nikon.  Having compared results over the years, I see less difference from the equipment than technique.  My personal opinion is that both companies make great cameras and lenses.  It really comes down to preference.  If there is a specific new feature you desire, it may be in one brand and not the other, but give it a couple of years, it would be in both.. . So, if you focus on the techniques and the joy of photography, and you're in it for the long haul, I really think it doesn't matter which.. . By the way, my very unscientific observation is this: I see many more studio and indoor photographers use Nikon.  I see more sports photographers use Canon.nikon. just because i trust and own one of them.i trust only CanonBoth are great. I have a Canon, and it's really easy to use, and takes great photos. Having said this, Nikon cameras (especially the better ones) are truly amazing & very professional. Maybe the Canons are a little easier to use. You won't go wrong either way. I also love Olympus cameras. Great optics.With my personal experience,Nikon is much more precise,the focus is so perfect and more durable.Canon is a fine brand too,but I guess it lacks that durability.I have both these brands, guess what;a 1983 Nikon gives me much precision than the 2005 Canon (even its digital!)canon has some nice photo software, but Nikon is better. I know somone that does alot with photos it's one of thier big hobys, and he uses Nikon, I like it, takes great pictures and has good zoomIt seems to me that Canon is better, but more expensive.  I hated the one Nikon I had, but it was low end. They might be better on the high end.why buy nikon or canon. check your local camera shop and they should recommend another make. just as good cheaper and could be better. do not just buy a name.  henriNeither. They are just brands.djeff95 gives the best answer to this question in my opinion.  This could turn into an unecessary dispute that ends without a true answer....because there isn't one.    Both companies (as well as others) offer products that are more than capable at producing stellar images.  A photographer would make a choice based on what the individual product offers against what he/she requires.  To answer your question indirectly, both companies have known advantages over each other, but none of those advantages makes either one 'better'.  In the end it is the photographer that makes the image.
It is a data cd with MP3 files on it. Certain CD players can play the music from this kind of disc as if it was a standard audio disc.a normal cd-r with mp3 encoded files on it. Usually suitable to play on cd players (portable, car, stereo) that can be mp3s.
The fax machine reads the paper like a grid.  For each of the tiny tiny squares it breaks it down into, it gives a value positive or negative to represent black or white.. . Then it sends the info through the phone in order (I think probably top left to bottom right).  Phones can send different tones at different megaherz ranges, which tells the fax machine on the other end which squares to color in.  It then pieces it back together and prints it out.. . Fax machines are still black and white because phones don't have enough different tones to represent lots of colors.Simpliest way to answer this is;. . The scanner will scan the document being feed into the fax machine, the information are converted into digital formats or bits, then it is coded and sent out through telephone line by means of an internal modem, the receving end with an internal modem pick up the call, receive the data, decode the data back to human readable forms and print it either using thermal imaging, inkjet or toner.
I would take it to the place that you got it from and see what they can do. If there is nothing they can do, they will replace it for you.Mine just dont the same thing (bought mine on ebay) it was still in the packing obvisouly unused. Anyway I messed around with it for about ten minutes after charging again and it finally started working.its broken
take your memory card out of your phone. On one of the sides, their should be a little lever like thing that u can slide up or down. slide it the opposite way than what it is now and your card should no longer be write protected. If you wish to protect it again so that u dont write over any material that is there, just slide it the other way.well it depend on which mmc you have.But mostly you cannot so try formatting it or go ont o th e nokia site and ask the about it or try the dealer form where you got it.
You need an 1/8 stereo to RCA cable.  Plug the 1/8 in jack into your headphone jack and the RCA jacks into the AUX input of your stereo.  Done.Many iPods need their own seperate adaptor stereos that can be purchased on Ebay, apple.com, or other places that sell Apple retail. . . Be warned, many iPod stereos (or docking ports/systems) are expensive.
With a 20lb sledgehammer?apparently you cantUse a circuitboard that implements the correct configuration for the pin arrangement of the memory chip and mount the chip to it via soldering.  Locate the correct pin-out for the chip for wiring and afix the board to what it is being used with.
I'm so with you it happened to me so many times so what i did was look for a company that would give me a life long guarantee- that way i would have who to blame if it ever happens again -i would tell you whose headphones they are but i don't have them with me at the mo and i can't remember but i think it's either aiwa or Panasonic, but i may be wrong.Products are MADE to break. If they didn't break, there wouldn't be a constant market. Things wouldn't need to be re-bought or to be fixed, therefore not as much money will be made. If you get a good qulaity (which you obviously have to pay more for.) set of earphones, then they should last a little longer.Is it made in china?. . . Every produce is made to have a short-life, it increases profit.
If you have the two little screws where you screw on antenna wires, then they make an adaptor from that to a cable.  You can probably get one at Wal Mart.  If not there, Radio Shack should have it.hey i done the same thing and it works
I agree with taustin, but 4o also means 40.  So if you are turning the big 4o any time soon, it means you are turning 40 years old/young, which ever you prefer.if you are refering to college student getting a 4o that means perfect score. it is the equivalent of 100% average in high school4 degrees as in an angle.
I couldn't answer that better my self. - Apple EmployeeYou don't create the On The Go playlist in iTunes.  You create it on the iPod itself.  When you find the song or playlist or artist, etc., that you want in the On The Go playlist, hold the button and the filename or artist, etc., will flash.  Then when you want to listen to it, it should be at the bottom of your Playlists.
Format the memory stick.. I have one SONY P100. The two similar.If you can hook it up to your computer then I would to my computer and check the drive it is on and click on it and open it and highlight the photos you see and delete them . You can do the same thing on an Ipod or MP3 player too to delete songs on it.
LOL.. that's so true!!... I think it's because we refuse to get up off out butts to do something while we are supose to be relaxing and watching tv.Batteries for TV remotes are cheap and easily changed, but I suppose you could tell them "break it and you bought it">buy a replacement and hand them the register slip saying this is what it cost, cough it up!. Lots of luck........Cause they are the typical " Couch Potato"?I think that is soo true.  Maybe sometimes they think that the batteries arn't dead yet. lol that is a good ???
You probably can't. The main weakeness of using projectors for films, TV, etc. is that your room must be almost perfectly dark to get good color. Even then, it ain't gonna beat a good plasma or LCD. Sorry, my friend. Try to make your room darker, and if possible, put a black border around your screen.Paint the wall or area with white super high gloss paint.  dim the lights. paint a darker border around the screen.
There are programs that you can buy to convert .wma files to .wav ex. Wavepad. But iTunes can convert .wma files to .aac or .mp4search: "WMA TO WAV CONVERTER" in DOWNLOAD.COM. u will find good and free softwares there.there re 2 options:. 1) you record the wma file with the sound recorder. 2) you start the wma on media player (windows) and save it again on a different formatIf the other 2 do not work you could try setting folder options to NOT hide know file tyoes and then "right-click --> rename" and edit the file type ending but i do not recommend this, at least not without creating a backup copy of the file first.
I-Pod is the brand name of the Apple MP3 player. . . All other digital music players are called MP3 players even if they play more than the MP3 file formati pod is xpensive n mp3 is cheaperThe iPod is a highly hyped MP3 player from Apple, and an insane marketing success. The difference between iPod and normal MP3 players is that the iPod is specifically designed for the iTMS in terms of buying songs, and can't be used with the new Napster, or other music stores. Normal MP3 players can't be used with iTMS.nothing much, ipod u can only use with itunes and mp3 players can be used with just about any jukebox you have on your computer. mp3 players are cheaper tooFollowing is the difference between an ipod and mp3 player:. . "iPod is a combination digital audio player and portable hard drive from Apple Computer. About the size of a deck of playing cards, iPod can be purchased with either a 10GB, 15GB, or 30GB hard drive and can be connected ...". . "While a mp3 player dont have any memory of itself. it is just a player and dont dtore anything. it reads songs from CDs......"
When it asks "who do you want to send it to", if there is an option called "email recipient" or similar, select that, then enter the email adress.. . Your phone doesn't care (or even know) *what* kind of device you are sending to.. . If you have an old phone, maybe you don't have this option.send MMS
film will automatically load into the camera. just drop it into the slot. the camera takes overuse usb
78561LAst 4 digits of your phone number, maybe 0000, or 1234. Good luck.
you wanna know how long it's going to be before you notice the picture difference, a plasma's outstanding picture quality decreases every second it's on. what resolution it has is important too, it should be capable of reaching 1080p or at least 1080i.Maybe you shouldn't trust the answers on this website.  You should visit a web page like http://www.cnet.com/ and search for legitimate technological answers instead of the crap some people spew out on these websites.  Look at the previous comment about the plasma inside the plasma TV.How much plasma they put it in is a biggie - you don't want that stuff leaking out and melting your entertainment center!
You cannot make backups of Xbox games unless you have what is known as a "modified" xbox.  This is usually done via a Mod Chip or a Soft-Mod.  You can find out more about Xbox modding and backups at X-box Scene.  Take a look in their forums for detailed instructions.there are ways to save your x box games to a external hard drive.
A Yahoo Search for:. napster ipod. Says that you basically can't use Napster for the iPod:. http://www.napster.com/using_napster/ipod_and_napster.html . . You might be able to buy tracks at Napster, burn them to an MP3 CD, then transfer the MP3s off the CD to the iPod.  But that's about the only thing I can immediately think of.You can't. Napster files are protected WMAs and they cannot be transferred to the ipod. I used to have Napster and I could not use it with my ipod. Napster has special MP3 players that work with it.
It should simply plug into one of the narrow rectangular slots on the back of your PC.If you are trying to access the internet with your phone's usb cable, you will first have to load dialing software.. This software usually comes with the cable.It depends on what you are using it for, but plug the usb end into the back of the computer and the other side into your gadget.  The computer should sense the usb and ask you what you want to do with it.
Do you want to put Windows Media Player on your task bar?. . If you want to do this, right click on your task bar.. Go to toolbars, then click on Windows Media Player.. .  Now, whenever you minimize Windows Media Player, a "mini" version of it will appear on your task bar.I'm guessing you mean the menu bar at the top which says "File", "View", "Play", "Tools", "Help".. . There are several ways to do this.. . In the upper right hand corner of Windows Media Player, there are four icons that look sort of like "v _ [] X".. Clicking on the down arrow (v) will access the menus.. There is even a menu item called "Show Menu Bar".. . Another way to do this is with the "Maximize" icon ([]) in the upper right hand corner of the window.  When the WMP window is maximized, it'll show the menu bar as well.. . Hope this helps.
The TiVo can still work as a recorder. But you have to set all the recordings manually. That is, you have to say, OK at 8pm record channel 5 for 2 hours. You can do that now, but you don't because the TiVo "knows" what programs come on, when, and on what channel.it won't work at all.
i wondered the same thing.  you have to geta picture first, i just went on the internet and got them and apply it to the song by right cicking the song and doing song info. opne tab will be picture and you can add any picture you have savedI use this http://www.yvg.com/itunesartimporter.shtml or it come on purchased itunes stuff.
A "noisy" t.v. picture is the result of a weak signal.. The picture can be "snowy" as if viewed through a snowstorm, or, on some systems, similar to snowy but the "flakes" are black.Ummm, it's the stuff that gets in the way of you seeing what's on your tv.
I would just punch every 20th person you see.  You're bound to get an accurate percentage and at least a few real spammers.I don't know if there is phuysically a way, but that would be great!Hey, I feel your ire. I'd really like it if Yahoo came up with a button you could push, that would go right to the computer that sent you the spam in your inbox, and wipe out their hard drive! That would be the ultimate in technology. Especially if it protects your computer from them coming back to your hard drive. Yes, I know that it would eventually be abused, but it's fun just to consider, huh?! <*)))><you can't and don't need to, they are looking for a reaction from you, just ignore them, they are stupid.yes.Look for their IP address in the "technical stuff" of the e-mail.  This may be a permanent location, so you can go and have a chit-chat with the person who is spamming you.  you may also follow the chain in this ":tech stuff."Just BLOCK their website on your email and keep blocking them til pretty soon you don't see that anymore.learn how 2 hack their acounts and hack emyou use a spam blocker so you dont have to track them down and beat themu can try, but u can always try to unscribed to it.i wish i knew how to spam them back without commiting a crime or damaging my comp.
the HP JORNADA 728.  they stopped making them.  they are clamshell instead of pad like.  they have there own almost full size keyboard, yet they fit into your pant pockets.I dont know what the #1 is but I have a Dell Axiom and I love it
there aren't any. the specifics of a ringtone depend on the phones capabilities, and the manufacturer. and range from simple monural beeps to full blown mp3s, which newer phones support as ringtones.Yes, could be the 'beeps', or a midi file (*.mid) or an mp3. Some even supposrt the use of wave files (*.wav)
intergrated=built in,ready for work. ready=buy another tuner for hdMany television sets are HD-ready, but not all of them have HD tuners built in. When you're looking at your new TV it's the tuner that's the key part. If your set has a tuner, then the HD is "built in." If it doesn't, then you'll have to get an external tuner or cable box that can provide you with an HD signal.If you have a cable or sat box then a tuner is not a huge part of buying the TV.  It would be more for the future.  If you are looking at big screens almost all the new models are having the tuners built-in.  If you do have the tuner integrated or built-in(same) then you can get your local stations over the air via a roof antenna which would make the programing  free.  You cannot however take advantage of all HD has to offer right now.  Don't forget to get a surround sound system if you get a big TV with hd because hd is all broadcast in digital sound.  What type of TV are you looking at. Micro-Display,LCD,plasma,traditional rear projection, or direct view?
i=interlaced. 420 is regular old tv. 720 is the minimum standard for hdtvi have no idea what you are talking about, but this question puts me on level three. thanks broresolution.  The greater the number, the more resolution you have.  You also want to go for progressive over interlaced since it technically gets the picture to the screen faster, but I doubt you'd really notice the rate unless you were at seriously high def.If you have a high-definition TV, setup all of your components to output 720p or 1080i (whichever your hdtv has).  If you don't have a high-def TV, don't ever try to use any resolution ending in p, or you won't be able to use that component at all, at least until you find someone with a high-def tv that will let you bring your component over, so it can be reset to use the interlaced output.
He's right, but, to take it a step further, look for the fiber optic port on your cable box, if it has one, and run a fiber optic cable from here to your receiver fiber optic input, if it has one.  . . You mentioned "surround", speakers well, this is the ONLY way you will get 5.1 "surround" sound.  Go to your receiver then and look for this input and route it through whatever input you are using to watch Cable TV.  You can route video this way too.  If your receiver has the inputs, and your Cable box has the outputs, you can use the Component video in/out, for a much much better picture.  . . If you don't have any of this.  Dear God.  I will pray for your pre-historic stereo loving soul.You'll have to go through a receiver. Cable box does not have an amplifier - so have to take the raw signal from the cable box to a reciever, which will amplify the signal and distribute to your speakers.Yup, you need an AV receiver (audio/video) with surround sound. Lots and lots of them on eBay for cheap. Best are Denon and Onkyo (IMHO).
the easiest i found is picasa (it's free from google). it automatically searches computer for images,has some picture correction,and organises very easily.it resizes automatically for email,if you wish.. i tried 5 other programs,and it emails fastest for me.Both of the 1st two answers are correct. They did not mention that unless you and the recipient have high speed internet connections it can take a while if the photos are large.  So reduce the size to 4x6 before you send them and 150 dots per inche.you can upload it on somewhere like:. http://www.webshots.comyou can send them as attachments in your emailSince you have a yahoo account, you also have access to some photo space as part of your account. You can upload them there, and sent the other person that link. You can even set it up so only they can access it. They can browse and download to their minds content.you can send them as an attachment or start a online photo album and invite the person to join in on viewing your photo album.
Plug it into the USB port and open it in "My Computer".  It will appear as a external disc drive.  Next, drag and drop whatever files/folders you want into it.  Done.This is greatly knotty. I don't know that Moses himself could dream up a virtuous rejoinder for that.
Ipods are way over priced. for a little more you can buy an HP ipaq that will give you pocket CE (windows) with a full office suite like Word, excel.. and play your music and watch your movies. the rx1950 is 350 at best buy and future shop, and a ipod video is 379. ipaq is ALOT more for your money.you can do so using itunes or a p2p service like limewire if you want them for free.If you have an ipod your best luck is going to www.apple.com than click itunes which is the ipod/apple music downloading program but it cost money. A free site would be www.limewire.com www.kazaa.com www.bearshare.com or www.imesh.com
As the last poster stated you can reply 'stop' 'stop all' 'unsubscribe'.  If this is a premium service that you pay for there might be a 1-800 number that you can call.  Your provider might have the number.reply stop all
eBay will only help you if you want to buy a new phone. Your best bet is to go on Howard Forums to see if anyone has found the unlock code yet.check Ebay.comtry to google it.. I am sure some one can help you.
Hi.  There is nothing wrong with the phone.  Your SIM card is most likely damaged or you are using a SIM card that belongs to another provider.  Either way take it to your provider's customer service.  Hope this helps.Take it to the cell phone store. Obviously there is something wrong with you sim card for your phone to be rejecting it.  Good luck with it
all themobile phone will have a sim . that sim is . (simple identification module).. that genarates a signal to the network from which it belongs to the radio wave gives the wave to the cell with respect to the sim only this is how thw cell phone is getting network.sim cards relay to satellites back to satelitte towers back to phone
the quality of the Canon lens is unsurpassed.  The lens is what lets the light into the camera so a bad lens means a bad career decision.Canon rocks. And is usually the most expensive. And you know how us americans like our overpriced goods.I believe it has a lot to do with quality of the lens Canon makes.
If you are able to connect it to the computer and see a serparate drive in My Computer you can select all the pictures and delete them.. . On the other hand, you should be able to delete all pictures from the memory chip or format it using the On-Screen-Menu(OSD)There is a Delete option in every digital camera, and usually when you Delete, the picture is deleted and there are very few chances of the pic staying there. You can check after you delete, if the pic is still there or not. Do it again if you find it still there.make sure you are clearing the card instead of just internal memoryif you are that scarred buy a new memory card
I think that the Xbox 360, if gains enough popularity, will probably take the place of slideshows,  DVD players, video game systems, and more as a thin, elegant home entertainment system. In addition, I think that it's a space-saver, and could be very beneficial to those who are short on room.. The Xbox 360 is most likey marketed to pre-teens, kids, and college year students with extra time and money on their hands.Those with $$$$$, lots of $$$$$!for teens and grown up i think18-35 year olds.  As for the benefits.  Being able to stream music and pictures from the computer is pretty cool.  Also, if you have a media center pc, you can stream movies.  You can also hook your ipod to it, and your digital camera.
Well just a fyi this voids the warranty.... I dont have this phone so im going to guess.. . Take the battery out and check to see if theres any screws remove any/all. most small devices are press fitted, so you need to find whenre the two parts are fitted together and pry the two parts apart, becarefull because you can break the tabs that hold it together...It does void the warranty, so don't do it unless you have to. I've done it a few times and it's not too difficult. You'll need a Torx T-5 driver and a small phillips head srewdriver to get it open. When you slide the battery cover open, you'll see two small phillips screws, take those off and you can remove the back plate. You have to be careful because you have to pry the casing off and too much pressure will break it. Once that is off and the battery is removed, you'll see two torx screws by the SIM card holder. Remove those, and then you can pry off the front faceplate. One can actually completely disassemble and reassemble the entire phone in a few minutes, but I wouldn't suggest more than removing the faceplates unless you know what you're doing or are willing to risk destroying the phone.
vcast from verizon costs you a monthly fee if you purchase a phone that is Vcast capable.First you will need a VCAST capible handset. This will allow you to download music to you phone or to you computer. The cost of each song download to your phone is $1.99 and to your computer it's .99. If you download to your computer you can transfer the music to you phone via a usb cable which is included with the music essentials kit available for purchase with the phone. The format for music for the phone is in .wma. You can also transfer existing .mp3's on you computer to your phone and the VCAST software will convert these to the proper format for you. The VCAST feature if $15/month. This will include Mobile Web, unlimited data airtime with mobile web and vcast and unlimited video clip downloads. You should purchase a memory card for you phone, this will allow you to store somewhere around 5,000 sounds to your phone.VCAST – the nation’s first third-generation (3G) wireless multimedia service for consumers – beginning February 1, 2005. VCAST will bring high-quality video, 3-D games and music straight to new 3G phones that will run on the Verizon Wireless broadband EV-DO (Evolution-Data Optimized) 3G network, delivering the fastest, most widely-available fully-mobile wireless data experience in the nation today.. . RADIOFANVCast Music from Verizon Wireless is music that you can download to your phone and listen to it for as long as you want. You have to get a VCast capable phone such as a Moto Razr or a Samsung. You have to pay a monthly fee for it.
Just let it dry on its own.  give it a couple of days and it shall work.I agree w/ Jennie. The sun is best. Hair dryer gets too hot. Most important, do not turn it on until completely dry. You will fry the circuits.with a high probability, your phone is already damage if you are saying water is in your phoneTake it apart and use a hair dryer to dry it out.just take it apart and put it in the sun.Good luck, it's probably fried, what is it doing in the water? Take care of your electronics girl!!!It really depends on how much water is in it.  I ran into this problem once.  I just took the covers off of it, took the battery out and let the phone dry out.  After that it worked fine.a friend i know dropped hers in the toilet and used a blow dryer to dry hersYeah your phone is pretty much screwed if it got soaked... Even if you get the water out of it.. some functions may not work, or thats what happened to me.well if u left it on after it got water in it chances are you have to take it apart and use a tack and scrap of the yellow stuff that forms on it when water hits power scrap it all off checking ewach side of the phone for the same stuff it just flacks off real easy so dont push down hardyea i would just put it next to a heater vent, or yea, use a hairdryer for like a half hour...You can't. You have to go buy a new one unless you have insurance and that will cover it but lie about it.  mine got soaked in the rain once and it shorted out.  there's nothing you can do. don't tell them you got water on it, though.
In electronics, the max range of the power supply.. . In single 5V system, like digital, its 5 volts.. In split rail, like +12/-12, its 24 volts.Please clarify the point.The general supply Voltage in Rail is Single phase 66Kv.I usually think of rail to rail, as another message stated, concerning a bi-polar power supply or source.. Are you perhaps inquiring about a electric railway, like with a overhead wire? Talking in the KV or kilovolt levels, makes me lean in a direction of a high voltage differential between 2 rails or wire to rail. 66 KV would be kinda high for electric railway. But there is also power distribution , normally 3 phase, that can be a 66 or 69 KV range, depending on where you live. . Clarify the origin of the question........
I don't know how quiet it is, but I think the Norelco SpeedXL does a great job and it's pretty fast. There is some noise, but it doesn't really bother me too much. The three rings on each head give you a fast and close shave.Its an old one you might have heard of it it's called "hand&blade" good thing about it you don't even need a socket to charge it
Very good answers, but you need to know one more thing:. . Thermal paper is very inappropriate for storing images for a long time, especially where the stored paper cannot be kept cool.  Over time the undeveloped areas darken.  . . Sometimes totally unused paper rolls have been sent to a hot place such as Pakistan, and after sitting in a hot warehouse there have been found to be so damaged by heat, turning the paper black, as to be ususeable.. . Facsimile (FAX) machines sometimes involve this kind of paper for printing out received messages and documents.  Useful, but you need to copy anything vital onto regular paper for retaining it a long time.. . Not good for places like Florida, Texas.Instead of having ink cartridges to apply the print.  The paper that is being printed is treated in a way that when it is heated and pressed to make a print it will come through the paper. Rather than ink applied.A thermal printer (or direct thermal printer) produces a printed image by selectively heating coated thermochromic paper when the paper passes over the thermal print head. The coating turns black in the areas where it is heated, producing an image. Two-color direct thermal printers are capable of printing both black and an additional color (often red), by applying heat at two different temperatures.. . Thermal transfer printing is a related method that uses a heat-sensitive ribbon instead of heat-sensitive paper.A thermal printer (or direct thermal printer) produces a printed image by selectively heating coated thermochromic paper when the paper passes over the thermal print head. The coating turns black in the areas where it is heated, producing an image. Two-color direct thermal printers are capable of printing both black and an additional color (often red), by applying heat at two different temperatures.Thermal printer. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to: navigation, search. For the type of printer which uses sparks and aluminised paper (and is sometimes referred to as a "thermal printer"), see spark printer. . A thermal printer (or direct thermal printer) produces a printed image by selectively heating coated thermochromic paper when the paper passes over the thermal print head. The coating turns black in the areas where it is heated, producing an image. Two-color direct thermal printers are capable of printing both black and an additional color (often red), by applying heat at two different temperatures.. . Thermal transfer printing is a related method that uses a heat-sensitive ribbon instead of heat-sensitive paper.
Google it. . search for the manual from the internet. Insert disk and if doesnt run automatically, explore the cd and double-click on setup.exeThere's alot of good , free info about hometheater set-ups at www.crutchfield.comIf you have a central woofer, a subwoofer, 2 surround speaker and 2 main speaker then at first you have to identify those and check that if there are proper cables in it, I mean check the availability of the cables. Check the power cords. And there should a central control amplifier from which all the speakers and woofers will be actually connected. Give the connection to the main speakers first and turn it on.After these check one by one to make the hometheater readily available and enjoy..... If you know the model name of the home theature then you can go to there web site and subscribe for a manual to the vendor. That might can help you.. Thank you.Go to the link below. It should answer all your questions about installation.contact the manufacturer then for professional assistance
the international code for the uk is  44, then you remove the zero at the start of the local number and dial straight through. There are many directory companies. dial 118 118, or 118 500On line goto BT Directory Enquiries, 10 free ones per day.
You want a two wire cable with RCA phono connectors on both ends about 6 feet long. One RCA connector is red and the other is white. Buy longer if you need it at Walmart.Look for an 'audio in' on the back, side, or front of your TV.  As mentioned earlier it will be red and white.  These will connect to your stereos 'audio out' connections and then when you want sound you need to put the stereo on the right input; usually the VHS/VCR mode.Hook up the cables together
011-53-7-then the number you want to call.  FYI..I could'nt find the city code for La Havana City, but I did find it for Havana (Ciudad La Habana), and isn't that the same place?  Good luck.check the Internetyes it is.... .  011-53-7......
The macrovision is detecting another device instead of a tv. Run it directly to the tv to avoid this problem. You could also conect the dvd to the TV and then have the TV out go to the VCR (if your TV has the TV out option).You can connect the dvd player straight into the tv if the tv isn't that old and has the proper RCA inputs. If it is an old tv without the proper inputs then you could buy a microvision defeater so you can connect it to the vcr. Check out the links below on defeating macrovision.
You can text message them from your computer, if you know their carrier. Just go to their carrier's website, look for text messaging or send a message and you can put that you are Pinelope Pineapple if you want. They'll never know what hit em. HAHASign up for a Yahoo account under an assumed name.I think you cannot do thatcheck this linkgo onto the website for their service carrier (t-mobile, cingular, etc.). You can send a text message through the website & not fill in the "from" line.If you do as others have suggested and go to their cell carrier's website and send a text through that, your IP is logged. That means if you are sending harassing txts then you can be charged with harassment because you are being tracked by your computers own ID number. That is not anonymous, and there is no way to do this anonymously. . . FYI:I would suggest not trying to do anything on the sly, and if you are thinking of harassment, please don't.
Have you got a dog, cat? If you are getting wypers or "s" looking squiggly lines in your pic, you may have "chew" marks in your cable some place. Just got a Yorkie puppy and he crapped my cable, bit threw the foil and so getting UHF interference from local TV. "Wrapped" bad spot with Reynolds wrap and taped it with electrical tape and now back to good pics again. All else fails - call cable co.If you have bad reception with cable check your connections & if they are O.K. call your cable company. You should have good reception with cable.
there is a site that has tons of free ring tones for mobiles. I found it the other day, all I did was type 'free ring tones and a large list came up.how do i get free ringtones for the boost moble i415
Reset.. . Its a button to reset the thermal overload.My best guess would be either resistance or resistor.
Honestly, it is done to discourage people from downloading illegally.  The more bad files you get the less likley you are to try to download a movie.  Movie companies are mainly the ones flooding P2P sites with the junk.I would try a different site. Sounds like a scam. I would also try to report the site. First make a complaint. You might get your money back.idkWelcome to the world of "People like to f*ck with you."  They rename files and share them, having a jolly good time, poking each other in the ribs, "They thought they were getting Harry Potter, but instead, they're getting Monsters, Inc.  I'm such a riot!"  . jerks.
Blu Ray isn't even finished yet.  That's why the PS3 is being delayed so long.  Blue ray is a new technology which is still being made/tested.First, Sony and Microsoft are fierce competitors.  Second, why invest in a blue ray disc that only has a capacity of around 29gigs when there is a development underway that will blow the blue ray out of the water.  I was reading a few months ago about a new disc that utilizes holographics in order to stack inforation in layers, and the amount that this disc could hold was basically that of a hard drive.  We're talking 90gigs and up here.  Bill Gates would be crazy to invest into something that right now is unheard of, but something that will be DWARVED in the near future.coz he's the boss thillySony and MS don't get along. They compete with each-other.because the God likes thati believe bill has some of his companys work involved  in that product. why would he pick sony if he worked part of the other company!!first, because the ps3 will use blu ray. also he realizes that hddvd will cost less to make, which will make it more popular. he likes to win
don't you mean the Nokia 7360? The price will depend on where you purchase it from & if you're wanting a new phone or a used one.most of them r free. but less than 100
Razor cookie is right, its another word for voltage. Sometimes physicists refer to EMF rather than voltage becuase they are trying to be smart :) but it just a fancy word for voltage.. (nothing to do with motors as the first guys suggests)EMF.  It is another word for voltage.a force that is both electrical and motor.
is it that hard to do it?. if it is, then better goto any nearest agent and they should tell you. any mall has some agent..281-330-8004 hit mike jones on the low cause mike jones is about to blow
Here in KSA we have alot of diffrent Batteries..... and for good quality, you can go as cheap as 1$ per a 4 pack.. . . But i agree... Rechargable batteries lasts longer, Saves Money and Work Better.. i would reccomend Panasonic rechargeable Batts.Just get a battery charger. It makes it a LOT cheaper, bcuz then you don't have to buy new batteries 24/7!LOL.  I agree.  Batteries are expensive.  But the 8-packs are great for me because I have a 22 month old son and all or most of his toys require batteries.Batteries are expensive cuz' they keep  running out of charge and you keep getting new ones. I prefer rechargeable ones.
have to buy an spilter and or an connecteryou need a broad band modem (Cable or DSL which ever service you subscribe)  then yes you will need a router if you want to run two thing, like a pc and ur playstation.  Pick up a linksys, netagrear or dlink router/switch.  It will be the best solution for you.You have to buy something to connect to the back of your PS2. (Check Yahoo). You then connect that up to the internet. The manual should tell you how.u need to make sure that u connected everything properly, u need to enter correct icp info..check out the link below, hope that will solve ur problem.!!
Actually they have a wall-mounting kit at Best Buy. It works really well, but make sure you get one of the appropriate size for your TV.use a proper mount and protect your investmentyou can buy wall brackets to fix it to the wall. i suggest you go back to the store where you bought it and they should supply certain types to fit different models.try this web sites t get a flat screen tv mount, and how to mount it. http://www.buy.com/retail/product.asp?sku=90145572&adid=17662. http://wiki.ehow.com/Mount-a-Plasma-TV-on-a-Wall. . good luck.
You can save your playlist as an m3u in WinAMP.  Make your playlist there, then save it.Use Windows Meda player to create a list.
A discount. Rather than say $20 off a price, a retailer will say $20 instant rebate. Either way, it means they're taking $20 off the price you pay at the register.INSTANT. Function: adjective.  produced or occurring with or as if with extreme rapidity and ease..  REBATE. Function: noun.  a return of a part of a payment
Well, if you mean changing the name of the playlists in your ipod just click on the name until you see a cursor and then retype the name. Another way to change the name of your ipod would be to first make it available to be used as a device to save data on, something like a flash drive. Go to My Computer, and look for your ipod. It won't say ipod, but you know that it is a device there. Right click on that and then go down to rename. Then rename your ipod that way.You can name your iPod????on itunes? You just right click on the name of it and hold it down for 5 seconds and let go and it should allow you to type what you want! YAY!Simply Say. "Yo Ipod, I re-name thou, ______!". Thats how.
When you press the "record" button, the needle that is recording the info onto the magnetic tape is already on the tape when the rest of the mechanism completes its movement into recording position.  So, this last movement makes a click sound, which of course is recorded.. . If I can recommend something,  you can buy a cheap digital recorder from radio shack or circuit city which doesn't need tapes, and works much better without the click.  Good luck!Internal noise in the tapedeck.
cheap version: take a 9volt device, hook up the wires instead of the batter at the device, hook up the 9volt batter to the other end of the wires(make sure positive is still positive all the way via wire color and is on the right connector).  If the device works, both wires are good.NickName's answer is great! How cool is that?Use a multimeter.  Set the meter on Ohms(200 setting).  Looks like an upside down horse shoe.  Put a probe on both ends of your wire.  If the meter goes to around zero you have continuity.  . . If you don't have a meter and are wondering if you have a bad speaker wire.  Switch the wire over to a speaker that you know works.  If it still works your wire is fine.I have to tell u a yet simpler way.. Disconnect the wire from both ends, (speaker and the amplifier). Get a cell and lamp from your torch, connect . Short the ends of the wire that connect to the speaker.. Out of the 2 leads on the amplifier end, connect one to -ve (or +ve) terminal of battery. connect the other end to one of the terminals of lamp. place the remaining terminal of lamp on +ve (or -ve) tip of the cell.. Light should glow.Another way to test a speaker wire (really useful if the wires are buried in the wall and not labeled) is to use a C or D cell battery, match negative and positive on wire and battery and the speaker that it's connected to will produce a small, audible "pop" (not enough to damage the speaker, though).
Unknown caller means the telephone company doesn't know.  Blocked calls are because the person calling you punched in a code so that their number would not show up on your caller id.on my phone blocked numbers come out as unknown callers but unknown can be that the id is not recognized becuz it may be out of state or somethinga blocked call is purposely blocked by a person on that one specific call a unknown number is a number that your telphone company cant identify
http://www.dlp.comit stands for Digital Light Projection, so the image is alot cleaner and smoother! It doesn't use pixels jst light which makes the picture up to 5 times better than a normal TV! Bye.Everything you need to know here. There are too many questions for me to copy and paste here.like the post above it is digital light projection. The image is produced through a microchip and projected onto the screen. DLP tvs personally are my favorite over LCD, and if they happen to break the chip is usually less than $400 to replace.
i have an ipod nano and all i can say is WOW. . look if you dont have one you wont feel the connection between yourself and the ipod, sure maybe there are other with more features but ipod just looks and feels sexyI have a PDA that allows me to listen to music.  And see videos.  And take pictures.  And import pictures.  And play games.  And schedule my calendar.  And organize an address book.  And keep lists.  And sketch notes.  And balance my checkbook.  And take voice notes.  And beam programs to people and beam them back.  And more.. I just read yesterday that you cannot download the songs once they are on your iPod.  If your computer crashes...i have a rio forge 256 with a 1 gig SD card installed.  Its packaged smaller for things like the gym, and it has an arm strap too.  Itunes stuff is particular to the ipods, or you have to convert every song to or from it to use it there or on a regular player(CD, car).  Skip the IPOD, many others are out there now and all of them cheaper, with as much space on them.  If it's going into a backpack, purse or hand held, then ok unless things are gonna bump the controls.I would take the ipod nano over any other mp3 any day.  its very easy to use and is well worth the cost.  and dont belive all that stuff about it breaking and stuff its not that breakable.  also it is very low hassle all you have to do is put in the cd and sign up for itunes and ur set to go, i did it in less than an hour.
your question isnt specific enough.  are you asking how to boot someone on an irc channel?  or boot someones net connection?Kick him in the boomba. If you know what I mean.
You return it to the store you bought it at and demand that they tell you what is wrong with it and how to fix it or give you your money back. If they won't contact the company that made the Ipod Nano and have them correct the problem. If neither of these things work take it back to the store and in front of the manager sit the Nano on the floor and slam your foot on it and say, "I will never shop here again and I will tell your my friends to not shop here either."I have a video Ipod but this happened to me before. . The thing i did that works is plug it into the charger. That should work :-)Try resetting it. Turn the hold switch on and off and then hold the Menu and the center select button until the Apple logo is on the screen.
Well if you have a USB cable that fits your phone then you can plug one end into your phone and the other into the USB port of your PC. These are the flat ports that are about 1cm long and 3mm wide. Often you have to install the software before connecting the hardware so i would suggest inserting the disk and runnign that. Normally they wil give you a series of instructions ont eh PC screen telling you what to do when.its easy conect using a data cable its available in the market it costs about 700/-
disassemble the top of VHS tape player to remove the VHS.  My experience, although I don't intentionally insert a tape backwards, it works.  just make sure you know how to reassemble itNomakeup is right.Works every time
cause vhs was an open licence, and beta was owned by sony who wanted money for people to use their format. even though beta had better quality.. . As mensioned above, its happening again with the whole dvd thing.wasn't it just sony making betamax? vhs was used wider. just like the whole HDDVD or BlueRay.VHS was cheaper and had better marketing.Hi danielinthefront,. . The VHS format's defeat of the Betamax format became a classic marketing case study, now identified with the verbal phrase "to Betamax", wherein a proprietary technology format is overwhelmed in the market by a format allowing multiple, competing, licensed manufacturers, as in: "Apple Betamaxed themselves out of the PC market." . . Sony's confidence in its ability to dictate the industry standard backfired when JVC made the tactical decision to engage in open sharing of its VHS technology. JVC sacrificed substantial potential earnings by going the open sharing route, but that decision ultimately won the standards war. By 1984, forty companies utilized the VHS format in comparison with Betamax's twelve. Sony finally conceded defeat in 1988 when it too began producing VHS recorders.. . Hope this helps
Welcome to the world of video cards!.... In order to have video 'captured' by your computer, first you will have to see if it has a video card.. You will recognize it by the RCA plugs typically associated with video components (yellow, red, and black).. Next find the program on your computer.your handycam should have a/v coards...u should be able to plug it in your tower somewhere unless your computer is a little older er somethin.
Email is the transmission of messages over communications networks. The messages can be notes entered from the keyboard or electronic files stored on disk. Most mainframes, minicomputers, and computer networks have an e-mail system. Some electronic-mail systems are confined to a single computer system or network, but others have gateways to other computer systems, enabling users to send electronic mail anywhere in the worldWhateverElectronic mail in general; but I can try to find sth new for 10 points :)electronic maile-mail is electronic mailIts electronic mail,above dat its a fastest way to contact ur dear ones.Man in which world u r? U dont know e-mail. If no how come u r in this site. I think u r fooling. Dont do so becoz for someone it can be educative so if you donat want knowlegde then dont use it.
dry it with the blow dryer. seprate the battery from the phone.Throw it in the clothes dryer.sorry your SOL!!!!!!!!!!!!Break it...its useless anyways....secondly do not try to get it repaired there are lot of scamsters out there.remove the battery and any other pieces that come off easy and let it air dry or u can speed up the process with a blow dryer juct be careful not to get it to hot just warm. it will be fine i have done this several times. my phones seem to be attracted to water holestake it apart let it air dryuse a blow drieruhm... based on my experience, i just hang the phone with the battrey released, and vibrate it for a couple minutes. the water wil drop from the holes bottom. if the guarantee already void, you could just simply open the phone. don't use hairdryer because it will made something melt!i used the hair dryer. put it on low. do it for a minute let it cool then do it again
Megapixels are calculated as follows:. . # pixels wide x # pixels high = total pixels.. . megapixels = total pixels / 1,048,576Usually by multiplying the height and width and then dividing by a number with a large quantity of 0s after it (I think it's 10000, but am not currently motivated to confirm this).  Check out www.dpreview.com and compare the image height and width statistics with the advertised megapixels to get your answer.Not sure, but I know that the more pixels, the smaller the image.
These are just levels...if the numbers are 1 to 10 then they could be considered as percentages of the stereos capacity where 1 = 10%,2 =20% etc. They dont have anything to do with the decibles(sound measurement units).just to help you keep track of how loud it is.
Plug the player into your USB port and open the folder in "My Computer".  It will look like an external disc drive.  Next, either drag and drop the files/folders wherever you want in your PC or simply double-click the song files and play them with Media Player.Once you have the player connected to you computer via the USB cable, it should show up under "MY COMPUTER" as an additional device.  You just open the music folder and drag and drop the files into Media Player.
T - violence, and changing content. . However, no gore or anything, and fully filterable chatI think it's T, or P...being an online game, the contents change.  That's how the MMO's I've played are rated.T: Violence
Possibly the light switch is creating an arc when it makes and breaks and if it is on the same circuit as your subwoofer that could be the problem. Does this happen when you turn on a light in any other room?ummmmm, actually, the first guy is right.  The spark is coming from a cheap switch which arcs when voltage is applied.  You can replace the switch, and/or try a new branch circuit in your home, read, try a different outlet, or, get yourself a good surge protector and plug the subwoofer into this.  This should filter out the spike voltage.. . Or, unplug the offending subwoofer fast and throw it out the window before the demons come out of it and eat your family!  LOL!  I watch way to much TV.Because turning the switch on or off causes a disruption in the magnetic field. The driver (big magnet) in your subwoofer reacts to it.The light switch is causing AC line noise that carries through to your audio system, as they are likely on the same circuit.  A surge protector that features line conditioning would likely solve your noise issue.  Ultralink and Monster Cable make these products.
If you have the paper with it ,it will tell you how. If you don't have the paper, I have a RCA universal remote that I just bought. the set up was rather simple. If you don't get an answer here, email me and I'll get you the codes and directions.you have to have the code sheet 1st of all. then follow the directionsyou need to find the code sheet
It costs more to leave it on standby than to turn it off because on STANDBY, it is still operating albeit at a lower level.  Standby may be less than 30% but that is still 30% more than ZERO.Why does it cost more than what?If you think about it standby power is always on therefore you are always using power whether it be directly or indirectly. Standby is just a convience for equipment that needs to warm up or power up.
well, I won't be rude like some people! Do you mean dusting it? YOu could get one of the swiffer dusters, those are pretty good! Good luck!piss on it
Radio and electromagnetic interference can easily affect the analog head of your cassette tape.  It is also possible that the heads of your cassette tape are dirtyThe switch is getting worn out and is causing these noises.sorry sounds like you blew the speaker.
Watch out for two small rectagle holes behind you Casing, some casings also have in front usb panel same as behind the casing. just connect the cable jack into it.. In windows XP this will be prompted for new hardware found message and install the drivers and softwares.I REALLY DON'T NO I FORGOTJust connect to a USB jack.
Dumb old iPod technology. Send it in to apple.  You will prob get a new iPod replacement.Read the way Apple wants you to use your batteryPersonally I think ipod nanos are cheap but the best thing to do is carefully slide the back part off and replace the battery or send it in for a serviceIf you've had it long enough, the batteries just give out. When I asked Apple about batteries, they said that there is really no way to track battery life. Eventually, if it stops charging, you will have to send your Nano to them, pay $$$ and I believe they send you a refurbished Nano that has new batteries. Go to their website, that is where I found out some of the information.Ipods are notorious for short battery life - that's the sacrifice you make for such a mainstream product, I guess.I have no clue, mine kinda is the same.  my dad told me that its supposed to last 14 hours when its fully charged!!! Mine only lasts around 5 hours like yours.  Maybe its because when you think its fully charged, its really really close, but not quite there.
Very easy, first look at your righ side then look at your left side and if no one is coming then hit the machine by leg.. . You may get, if not sorry.Hey, thief. Like I said before, put the money in the slot, the stuff comes out. You first have to get a job to have the money.CHEATERS NEVER PROSPER!
It's a flat screen tv made by Sony.  It's called WEGA (pronounced Vay-Guh) because Vega is the brightest star in the constellation Lyra.wega tv is a product of SONY.it has great picture clarity and brightness
Generally all the data (Aperature, shutter speed, film speed, focal lenght used etc) of the picture you have taken is stored with the picture and can be viewed through imaging software  such as Adobe Photoshop Elements 4.0 or  sometimes through the software that was provided to you with your camera.. . Alternatively you can write them down in a little notebook, but that can be rather slow and not appropriate in some situations such as sporting events. Or you could use a small MP3 voice recorder and record teh frame and exposure details into there.. . But that is not necessary with most digital cameras.well i dont use a digital but i use filters and bfore i take them it tells me the nomber it is and i write it down and what i was using and the zoom and then i take the picture. trust me it works im a proffesional.
It like T-Mobiles version of the mobile Internet. You can download games, surf the web or search for news, games, photos, etc...Hi.  T-zones are wi-fi hotspots administered by T-Mobile.  They are now called T-Mobile hotspots.  Check the link.  Hope this helps.^^ IT'S SPAM ^^If you have T-mobile cell phone service you can get sports scores, weather, news, and your account balance from the mini limited web browser called T-zones on your phone.. . If you have prepaid cell phone service there is no charge unless you have a Sidekick and then it is a dollar a day!ur t-zone is that oily region on ur forehead and down the center of ur face (almost like an imaginary T). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . hehe.....i know this wasn't the answer u were looking for, i just thought you'd be interested in this tidbit of info.  :p
Huh? . . I suppose they are fine?!I think that they are doing fine. I don't know them personally though.....
batteryGood question -- isn't that annoying. (???What are you talking about)the battery dies
you connet to the internet and then click on the limewire icon on your desktop, type in a song,artist etc and then click on that song, hope it helpsIf you were to use it realize that downloading copyrighted songs with the service is illegal in most places and could be punished by law. Also spyware and viruses are often loaded onto these "free" files.i woulnt recommend using it at all, its illegal.Okay, Limewire is not illegal unless you purchase the Limewire Pro. I have it and I love it. You get unlimited music for $18.88 for six months! Now thats great because you get no spyware, adware, or any sort of viruses.
ram, u're funny.  because children are the future of our society they need to spend their time being educated instead of working to their bones and growing up uneducated and stuff because that will lead to crime and you don't want a bunch of criminals running the world when you're old and on social security do you.Children should concentrate in playing and studying...they should ENJOY their childhood in "natural" way...which they wouldn't get if they're working...parents are the one responsible for working =)I don't care what the labor laws say, I don't see any reasons kids shouldn't be doing homework.  Why, back in my day, we did hours on hours of homework, and loved it.  Didn't have any pansy labor laws to protect us from homework. (LOL)In the west, during the Industrial Revolution, use of child labor was commonplace, often in factories, but on the decline. In England and Scotland in 1788, about two-thirds of persons working in the new water-powered textile factories were children. Subsequently a series of Factory Acts were passed to gradually restrict the hours that children were allowed to work, and to improve safety. It is widely argued that the industrial revolution increased hardship for children. Historian E. P. Thompson notes in The Making of the English Working Class that child labor was not new, and had been "an intrinsic part of the agricultural and industrial economy economy before 1780", however he argues that. . "there was a drastic increase in the intensity of exploitation of child labour between 1780 and 1840, and every historian acquainted with the sources knows this is so. This was true in the mines, both in inefficient small-scale pits where the roadways were sometimes so narrow that children could not easily pass through them; where - as the coal face drew furher away from the shaft - children were in demand as 'hurreyers' and to operate the ventilation ports. In the mills, the child and juvenile labour force grew yearly; and in several of the out-worker or 'dishonorable' trades the hours of labor became longer and work more intense.". . Anyone who thinks that industry would not go right back to where it was before legislation to stop the exploitation of children needs only to look to American companies like Wal-Mart operating in unregulated countries like China to see how even the so-called "family" businesses are driven by greed and the explointation of children is just another step toward their goal of meeting the bottom line.Here's one: so that parents can't force their children to support them.Look to the Industrial Revolution for your answer. Parents were shipping their kids off to do manual labor all day and as a result they were dying left and right.I personally see no reason why they should ultimately continue, but if you need a good reason for them to exist I suppose that I would say it saves hundreds of Children from cruel people who want children to work in the hard labor departments.for the same reason the laws to stop sexual preditor should be inforced: kids want to experiment with life and are easily taken advantage of(sometimes with their blessings). all it takes is one rotten employer to ruin a child's expectations.
Need more info, are you hooking the Xbox to the laptop to access the internet through the laptops wireless?? If so, you will need a special crossover cable & to setup XP on your laptop to enable ICS (internet connection sharing)it cant read the ip address through ur isp(internet service provider).contact them n tell ur problem,they might solve ur question.It cant find the Internet Protocal Addressi had the same problem, do you have a router in between connections, i believe thats the problem
If you save the files to your desktop or where ever you want, them just right click on the picture and go to rename then after the .jpeg, rename it to .bmp and you should beable to view it.. . NOTE: THIS DOES NOT ALWAYS WORK! SO MAKE SURE YOU DO IT 1 PICTURE AT A TIME.try to find a program on the site of your phones mannufacturer. . or just try a lot of programscan you open other files with the same exact extension? . . lots of programs should open a jpeg or jpg
whatever company you go with check there coverage area every major cell phone company has coverage in the urban areas of canada but only the urban areas which are the major cities near the great lakestracfone will let you!!!!!!!!!!You can just buy a prepaid phone from your area, and just pay the long distance.  It will eat up your minutes faster, of course.  Or, you can get one from Canada in the area you want to call.  Then it would be proably the cheapest way to call.
I know that on my H500, if you press both volume buttons at the same time, the blue light will go off.  Have you checked your users manual?Who is your carrier? verizon?  is this a bluetooth phone?The blue light is the status light for the headset.  It cannot be turned off by any conventional means.
I don't think you can. Other than the ones that come on it.visit a site for all cell ring tones on the net.Attach your cell phone with bell or drum ot piano.
Very carefully. . BTW your avatar is the exact same as mine--creepy huh?Put the watch on a flat, even surface with the face side up and be sure to put a cloth under it. Next grab something heavy, like a brick, and start swinging at the watch like you're going insane. It helps to pretend the watch is Hillary Clinton.. . It'll open right up.
It's magic. You can ask and they may even tell you ... but then they'd have to kill you. Just accept the fact that it does work and move on.. . By the way ... it's iPod not Ipod.You push a button and it plays music.
If it mounts as a physical drive (I have a MuVo, so I can only assume), try a drag-and-drop on the "Removable Drive" it mounts as. If this fails, it might need a formatting.take it to the place u purchased it and they should fix it OR take it to a mp3 place
Global System for Mobile communication. A European digital standard for mobile or cellular telephonyglobal system for mobile communicationsGlobal System for Mobile Communications.. Used in across all over Europe/India/China/Koreas/Japan. and lately even here in the US
Well, they are small memory chips or cards, produced by Sony, that you could use in several devices, such as digital cameras, PDAs, etc. There are several memory chips standards in the market and you could say that Memory Sticks are one of the most importants. To use the MS in your device, you must be sure that it is compatible with MS cards.Memory sticks (or most all ram [random access memory] for that matter ) are like a bunch of very small bar magnets in a scrambled pile. When you "write" to them, they line up in rows with the poles pointing in one of two directions. Say, for a logic high or a (1) they point to the right and for a low or a (0) they point to the left. This then would "look" like a row of (using N for pointing right and S for left) magnet poles in a pattern, such as: NNSNSNN which would decode to 1101011 as a logic word, command, or what ever the stored data was.You use them on your subordinates heads until they remember who is boss!
if you use a webmail, make sure you choose the option to 'enter your login & password everytime you sign in', and if you can disable cookies yet still running the email, do it.... . if you use a email prog like outlook, i'm not sure you can block others reading it... perhaps you just try locking your screen with screen savers, then request password everytime you login windows, as well as setting password since the BIOS system...Always sign out of your email account when you leave the computer.
Try buying a cleaning disc first. There is a good chance that the laser has become mis-aligned though in which case, it would be cheaper to buy a new player. If you have a service plan, you can get it swapped out.is it only on one disk? or does it do it to all?If it is a single disk it may be dirty or damaged. If it is all discs you have a bad machine.Probably a bad disk...Take it back from where u bought it from and get another one for the same price
Plasma TV usually shows a bit sharper of an image than plasma when motion is involved. You can also usually get larger sizes that LCD. The problem with them is they get worse over time. Although its hardly noticable the first few years, buying a 50" plasma TV for $3000 every 10 years gets expensive.Other than LCD being Liquid Crystal Display and plasma being a gas.  It's the resolution.  If you are looking for something that's not necessarily the best, but cheaper, then LCD is your best bet.  However, if price isn't an issue for you, then by all means get plasma.  Plasma TVs are usually maxed out at 1080 horizontal lines of resolution and it's also progressive scan.  You are going to get a much better picture quality with plasma.  You also won't have the narrower viewing angle that LCDs have.  Oh yeah, the lifespan has been a problem in the past, however; plasma screens have gone through a few generations now.  Manufacturers are working out the bugs with the shorter lifespan.Hd is just high definition, you can get a plasma or an lcd that is highly defined you know what i mean?. . plasma(gas) and lcd(liqid crystal display) are the types of screens and they dictate how the picture is produced, hd just describes how the screen is definedplasmatv operates on gases, and in about a timespan of 5 years or so all the gases leak out and the tv will no longer work!!!
to add to joker's answer.  you can delete songs from iTunes but still have them on your computer, so you can add them back again.Plug your nano into the computer.  When iTunes brings up and updates the nano goto the playlist that says "tasha's ipod" or whatever name you gave it.. . Then click on the songs you want to delete (hold control then click).  When you have them all selected right click on one of them and click "clear."Delete them using iTunes.
what he said, but also if you are wanting to get started now, try the software darkBasic. . also buy the game unreal tounament, you can use it to make real 3d games quickly and without much time.stay in school, study math, computer programming, computer arts, go online to do research/buy books on such subject, study them, and program. Good luck.
i think you might need linux...Not something microsoft supports with out Media Center systems. Some hack must exist I don't know about it though.
1) get version 2.6. 2) there will be a new icon on the psp, go to it. 3) Select it and it'll ask you if you want to get on.. 4) to get on you have to have a wireless internet router or a wireless card in your computer.you need to update the software,the new one is 2.60you have to have a computer with wireless internet and fast internet at that then when you have no games in the psp go to the far right and click internet browser
What's rgb??Do you mean display the message rbg? As in Red, Blue and Green, the three basic colours? If so, probly cuz there is not enough light to take a picture. Just a wild guess.
Because he is on the $100.00 bill that's what i will always rememberwell his works helped you and me.cause he discovered electricity and if u ask me electricity is a pretty good thing to have. He also has many other inventions which helped till today.he discovered electricity
Check on your pc. Go to my computer then see if your phone is there, it should say E: drive. If it,s there go into it and look for your picture folder.Take your pictures and copy them to your pc.From ther you can go into your e-mail and attach it to any message you wanna send.If you wanna keep it in your mailbox just send a message to yourself and attach the pictures to it.In order to answer the question properly you'd need to supply more details:. . A general set of tips though:. . From the main menu navigate as below:. . Multimedia > Pictures > [Select Picture]. . From here you can copy or move the image to a computer (via bluetooth and perhaps the cable). You can also choose to send in message - which you can then use MMS or email to send (this will depend on your mobile phone operator though and how you've set it up).. . I use bluetooth as it's easier than carrying around the cable.use gprs and wap..send direct to ur email address..The only way you can get it is unless you still have the CD once you buy your phone. Other than that a friend or someone you know who has the CD.. If you want whats your email i can send you over the file.
In addition to the above, if using coax have all VCR's/TV on channel 3 (or 4, you choose).I you are using a coax cable, you need to plug in the first VCR from the RF Out to the ANT In on the second one and the TV from RF Out on the 2nd VCR to the TV. To use AV Cables, you need to hook up the Audio(Red and White) and Video(yellow) from Out on the 1st VCR to In on the 2nd VCR. thats about it.
Hey, I was looking for the answer to this myself.  You would probably have to get a USB cable w/ included software to do this. I was looking for one earlier today.you need a bluetooth ...
Well you first mistake was looking inside it and looking for wires, that is a very bad thing. I suggest you take it to a store such as gamestop or call SONY.yea you killed the waranty on it so bring to some gameselling store like eb gamesCall customer service, but don't expect them to repair it, seeing as you took it apart yourself already, you just killed the warranty on it!
Hear a link to help you out.. . Also Brasso  get hardware store $4 and cotton padlobotomy
Buy a 10$ soldering iron, $2.99 rca connectors at radio shack and put it together yourself.  really easy to do.  If you hear a reduction in bass when you plug it in, it means the wires need to be swapped.  Bam, you're done!Whoa! You are treading on dangerous ground there friend. It is not a good idea to use non-compliant cabling for your system. Just go to Radio Shack and get an RCA cable.Just make VERY sure you are comfortable soldering. The solder joint must be clean, good connection, no fray wires cross touching, etc. If in doubt, go buy one pre-made, there's plenty to choose from.I wouldn't advise using speaker wire for an RCA device. RCA cables are cheap. Just got to Radio Shack or Fry's Electronics and buy some RCA cables!
1) DO NOT take it to best buy to get the battery changed. They have not been trained to do so and it isn't authorized by Apple. . 2) Take it to your nearest Apple Store and have a genius look at it. . 3) if the cost to replace the battery seems too high for you, let Apple recycle the iPod for you. good news is that you can get 10% off a new iPodWell, to prevent from breaking it or anything, just take it in to Best Buy and they'll do it for you. But of course, you have to pay.don't try, buy a nano, or the supposed vPod that is to come soon, and enjoy your music.
there is many losses that take place during transmission of Mw signal but the general formula is. Pr=Ps-Losses. Losses =feeder losses+Free space losses+....If you are a novice in RF this can be a complicated setup but high level answer would be the "Microwave Input" strength is the power level between the receiver and the radio and the "Received Level" is the power being level at the receiver from the far end radio. There is alot to setting this up.. What exactly are you looking for?
You might want to try it at home first.  I know many men swimsuits come with water proof pockets.  Maybe go for that.That might work, make sure you put it in two ziplock bags for double the protection, a layer of cling film may also come in handy - as long as your headphones dont get wet you will be ok.why don't u just buy a case at a specialized store,that would probably work best.
You might be sacrificing 'some' quality but you probably won't notice the difference with your naked eye.  Save your money.DVI short for Digital Visual Interface is a true digital signal to a TV, Digital Projector Display.. . Using a component connection, also know as RGB short for RED GREEN BLUE  is an analog connection, so your HD source has to down convert to analog and back to digital, sacrificing some quality in the process.
start with a plan.  Think foundation first.put down a foundation and then a slab and then some boards standing up and then a roof and maybe some electric wire and piping then put in paint and all that - voila!start with a foundation a hammer and some nails, wood.i say buy one...Okay, You Go To A Toy Store, Get Some Of Those Rectangle Things, And Stack Them On Top Of Each Other, Making The Rim Of A Square, And Hop In! yAy!
hit it... Just kidding. You may need to get it fixed. Unless you have it hooked up to a receiver and didn't plug in an audio cable.On YOUR RCA television?  I am powerless to do anything with the sound.Make sure the speakers are not turned off. Some TV's will allow you to completely turn off the internal speakers so they won't interfere with a surround sound system.
The phone must have bluetooth. You don't install it.Your best bet would probably be to go to a Verizon dealer to get the most accurate information(and so you can do it right the first time...haha).  Or You can always look up the manual.
Actually, flat screens are still rear projection.A rear projection TV is your average CRT (i.e NOT flat-screen plasma OR lcd) and the image is projected onto the screen from the rear.  A front-projection TV would be like the movie theatre or a slide projector, where the projector has a lens and is "shooting", if you will, the image at a blank screen, wall, etc.
Condense them down.  Sell the other ones and get one that has all the capabilities of the other three.  If you are willing to part with some she may be more receptive to getting another one.unless you are a professional photographer, you really don't NEED one.  You WANT one.  If you do not have a DSLR and the next purchase would be a DSLR then I could see it, because the point-and-shoots are very limiting in what you can and cannot do with them.. . If you have a decent income then I would say -- if you want it, buy it and wait for her to ask.Honey, I need another camera. : )JUST GO AND BUY ONE."I need another camera."  The other 3 don't do what I need."honey i need another camera"Say ,wife I need another camera.3 sounds like enough...sell the ones  you have and I'm sure she'll let you use the money you make to buy a new one..."Hey woman.....I'm getting another camera."sell the other 3Just say honey....I need another camara and I am going to go look at one this weekend. Would you like to join me?bluntlyHey!!! don't worry... You haven't to say nothing to her.If you have 3 already it sounds more like you Want a new camera not Need.  But all things being equal do the trade off game.  Make sure that you have enough disposable cash and let her buy something that she has been wanting of equal value.And why do you need another camera??...Are you a professional photographer??"Honey...I really need a new camera...I can't catch your beauty with just 4 Mpixel..."
Optical zoom is the lenses ability to enlarge.  Digital zoom is enhanced digitally by the camera electronics.  I find digital zoom to be almost useless.  You want to look for a camera with "more" than the usual 3x or 4x zoom.  The more megapixels, the better the images resolution will be and the better your prints will look.. Also a preview screen is a big help.  You can delete the picture before it is saved to the camera.  A lot of digital cameras let you use the window to set up your shot (as opposed to the eye piece). I don;t know anything about the model of camera you are considering, but you can look at reviews online.  Try Amazon.com and you can read the product reviews from people who have actually used the camera.megapixels and that's not a bad camera for $200This seems to be good value for money. the 6MP is fine for up to A3 size pictures - but your main concern should be for the OPTICAL ZOOM rating. . Cameras such as the Olympus sp500 will give 10x opitcal zoom which is all most users would want.. Optical zoom will give a clear picture - while the use of the digital zoom reduces the picture quality.. You can get the same effect as a digital zoom by using your photo editing software -so it's not really necessary unless you are printing straight from the camera (not using a PC).Mega Pixals and company, Zoom feature, software included or not. Compare others with as well.Optical zoom is all you need. In fact, most professionals suggest turning it off, so be sure the camera has that option.  We have always been Canon people, but have also recently acquired a digital Minolta and HP and am happy with both, although I prefer the HPs smaller size. I find that I prefer carrying the smaller camera and tend to have it handy at school or on the road. (I am a teacher, so it gets a lot of use.) Good luck!
There is a film of iron particles on the plastic tape. The recorder uses an elctro-magnetic head to magnetize the particles either North-South or South-North, which can then be read by a magnetic head that converts the signal back into electrical impulses, which the player can amplify.Hi Clueless. The tape is pulled past a head that when activated places the information on the tape. when the tape is played back the head senses the magnetic field on the tape and translates that into music you can hear. Hope this helps. VCRs use the same principle,Tapes are known as magnetive tapes for a reason. Like a magnet, it attracts .So they stick on.It is actually done through magnetism. On a crude level it is like iron and magnetsits magic;)
The number one, most important thing is to have a charged battery and a battery charger. Camcorders use a lot, a whole lot, of battery power. If you have or are thinking about purchasing a used camera and there is no battery or the battery is dead and there is no charger, you may be paying more to replace them that you did for the camera.. . Camcorders have 2 modes, the Camera mode for recording and the VCR mode for playback or for viewing what you have recorded. This information is based on recording to a digital 8 tape. Simply, to record to the cam, turn the selector to the camera mode and press the red, record button. To watch what you have recorded, turn the selector to VHS and look for a row of buttons that resemble those on a VHS tape player, Forward, Rewind, Play, Pause, Eject, etc... Rewind the tape and press play. You will see your movie in the LCD display which most likely needs to be pulled out from the camera body to view.Read the manualThis is a very difficult question, you need to be more specific. ie:  the type of digital camcorder you are wanting the info on, because the are hundreds or them.Go online and check the manufacturers website for the manual.
SLR Camera: Single-lens-reflex. This is a camera where the photographer sees exactly the same image that is exposed to the film and can adjust everything by turning dials and clicking buttons. Since it doesn't need any electricity to take a picture, a manual SLR camera provides an excellent illustration of the fundamental processes of photography.Good answers above, but why SLRand not, say "ILC" (Interchangeble lens camera) or something? That stems from the earlier versions of cameras that had two lenses...one to look through and one to take pics from.  These were TLR or Twin Lens REflex cameras.  When companies figured out how to use a mirror and a prism to use one lens to both look through and shoot pictures with, the SINGLE lens reflex camera was born...SLR stands for Single Lens Reflex. It refers to the way a camera is built and operates internally. SLR cameras also allow the user to change lens types for different applications. The single-lens part is pretty self-explanatory, one lens. This is contrasted to the dual-lens cameras that are used in professional photography and cost more than a car. The reflex part concerns the mirror that is part of the view-finding assembly. The mirror is moved out of the image path just prior to the exposure. This allows the image to pass through the lens and be focused onto the film. Another part of this assembly is the shutter. It consists of two "curtains" that open and close to allow light onto the film. The timing of the opening is controlled by the shutter speed. Some newer Digital camera say that they are SLR types, but these do not operate the same way as a film camera internally but allow for the flexibility of a true SLR camera. For now, film is still has a much better resolution than most all digital cameras.This acronym stands for Single Lens Reflex. It stems from the days when film cameras started offering a better way to capture an image with the movement of the internal lens mechanism. Now even digitals offer this. Some of course are far advanced & charge hefty prices. But it is also synonymous with the ability to interchange different lens's for a varied image capture. Say you are shooting really close up, you might want a Macro lens, or farther off, you might want a wide angle, or way out, you'll need a telephoto zoom lens. Hope this helped. Below you'll find an excellent site for boning up:
i go with using nero vcd or nero super vcd burning options, or you get DVD players now that play AVI files. I got one for 50 pounds. In the shops, look the logo on the dvd players, If it display the "Div-X" logo, it will play AVI files, so just burn your avi to a dvd as a Data file in any program you have and play it, u can get several movies on one DVD this way also....i use sonic mydvd it makes either a true dvd or a vcd. not all players will run a vcd.if your gonna play cd-audio, vcd or svcd on a DVD PLAYER (Trust me) dvd player are able to read both cd-r or dvd and if you have a hi-end dvd player it can read cd-r, cd-rw, dvd-r and dvd-rw it will surely works use Nero burning rom software it is user friendly the interface is easy to understandIt depends upon what your DVD player can play. If it's capable of playing mpeg's, then turn it into one using a program, such as FX MPEG writer (http://fxmpegwriter.com/ ) and then burn it.. . Hope this helps. :)
You use USB or Firewire to hook it to your Mac/PC. Then you can upload ripped tunes from your CDs using iTunes. Or you can simply purchase music from various places online such as the iTunes store.when you bought your ipod it has a special itunes CD in it, just install it and plug your ipod into it and BANG your hooked up (read the instructions) or go to real player web sight they have programs that support ipods ........ =)plug the big end of the white wire into the end of the iPod, and the smaller end into the USB port on your computer, it will download automatically.You have to rip it onto your computer then upload it to your ipod, Itunes shows you how.Download the mp3's onto your PC.  Startup iTunes and import the folder containing the MP3's into your iTunes library (option under the 'File' menu option in iTunes).  IF you have a playlist setup for this music then the next time you plugin your iPod it will download the MP3's in this playlist.
just put your chip in it. you will have to take it somewhere to get the internet set up for your provider tho (if its not already cingular) any cingular store should do that for free.Cingular does not offer what verizon calls a Worry Free Garrantee. You can switch your plan, change the kind of phone on your plan. Will cingular you cannot do this. They charge upto $75 to change the kind of phone.
Impossible. You can only put music and photos in an iPod nano. Only the video iPod can put videos.i do not think that you are able to. i am pretty sure that only the 30 and 60 gig. iPod video players can hold clips.there could'nt be a bigger idiot than danakarab. ipod nanos are not configured to play videos.IDK, but I would like to know!!!You can't. You don't have right interface, or processing speed or graphics memory. You need a Creative Zen Vision M to play many kinds of videos.it is impossible. some people say you can with some linux junk, but i don't trust them. if you want video you need the video ipod. i also have one and trust me, you can't do it.u download limewire on ur computer than u search for the video clip u want and than drag it to ur ipod nano thing on the computer it is just like puting music on but differentI agree with bacon_05_08. . . I think Macintosh either figured the nano was too small for video clips or that feature wasn't available yet.i Dont N-o
Just remember this: there is no such thing as cold; only warmth, or lack of it.  Freezers just remove the heat from the air that's inside of them, using a gas that's called freon.  Air conditioners work on exactly the same principle.Do u need it on technology front or as general prespective?. whatever best site to check out is below...
I'm good at this stuff.  What state do you live in.You might try to connect the the Tivo with RCA wires.  If that doesn't work, you might check with a local electronics store (Radio shack,Best Buy, Etc.  Or the store you bought it all from)  Diagram how you have the wires hooked up then ask them to tell you if it's right or not.  You might also consider an A/V Switch.  The switch allows all the inputs their own space, but only one output, some also have a second output for recording devices  Clear as mud aint it :)  Good luckAny cable guy trained at Viasource or Cablevision will know how to do this.
The name Bluetooth was born from the 10th century king of Denmark, King Harold Bluetooth (whose surname is sometimes written as Bluetooh), who engaged in diplomacy which led warring parties to negotiate with each other. The inventors of the Bluetooth technology thought this a fitting name for their technology which allowed different devices to talk to each other.Yes there is a connection wireless technology, blue represents the sky and tooth the technology.
you just need a five dollar cable from bestbuy, radioshack...etc...  with a stero headphone (mini) jack on both ends, you can plug on into the "headphone out" jack on whatever player you're using and the other into your "line in" on the computer.  if the cassette player you're using has two RCA outputs, again, a five buck cable with the mini jack on one side and stereo RCA on the other. it'll plug right in, then just use a sound recording program (cheap if you don't already have one) to capture the sound.You get special equipment kit to do so. Contact a good hardware store and they will provide the same. I am doing it for my company.
chea mayne u durr mayne?. . lol black people make me laugh with their crazy ebonics trying  to be different. here come the 16 year old girls who will cry racism now.gangster? Thing? whats a mayne? MIKE
I HAVE PERSONALLY MICROWAVED MY HAND(BY ACCIDENT) AND WHILE IT DID NOT HURT IT DID MAKE MY HAND GO NUMB FOR 3 DAYS.. THESE WEC'S WOULD NOT BE A GOOD IDEA AROUND PETS OR CHILDREN AND MAY SUCK UP MORE POWER TO RUN THE SAME DEVICES.. I WOULDN'T USE THEM ON THE GROUND OR WALLS BUT THEY COULD BE A FAST WAY TO REWIRE A HOUSE IF THEY WERE ATTACHED TO THE CEILING.Has to do with ohm's law. Check with your city's safety officers, and probably you can get your answer resolved. Good luck.like it says on the bottom: "Warning: Even though these microwaves are about as harmful as the leakage from an ordinary microwave oven (not much), do not put computers, televisions, other sensitive electrical equipment, food, liquids, paper, glass, flammable substances, magnets, or living things in between the base and satellite units. Just in case.". . It's wise to not leave anything alive or edible between the two satellites just to be safe. But if it's just a wall or two between, all is good. As a precaution, don't stand between the two sattelites for too long. I'd buy this and use it only for when an extension cord is not too much in the way.
The wep code is a code that comes with a wireless router for security.  To be able to find out this code you should ask the person who installed the wireless router what it is, or go into the wireless settings for the router if it is directly connected to a computer (check the manufacturer's website on how to do this)it is a password.  you need to be a hacker to find out.  good luck!
i would rather buy another one since YOU would be the one to repair it, might as well buy one so it wont break again because of glue. and the ps2 wouldn't read the cds because there are glue spills on itIs it like broke in half?. . Use some Crazy glue or gorilla glueWell it is not the most honest way but I did this once .  . Buy a new one at the store and take all the parts off it you need for yours then take it back works every time but you have to chance the parst you cant just put your old one in the box all the numbers have to match when you return it
There is this little thing you can buy.  You put it at they end of your 3 prong.  Then the other side is 4 so you can plug it in.you need to buy a little piece of thing that will go into your three prong and come out as a four prong. i dont think they're very expensive...
buy a receiver look at link! it is so pimp, sounds awesomeI actually connected all of them together used an rf transmitter.could be as simple as your hd video rca's aren't hooked up correctly. there will be a red or blue tint if they are not. If there is a red or blue tint , make sure all the colors for the connections match up on the back of your dvd player. the green and blue can look simular sometimesIt would be handy to know how you have it connected in the first place, i.e Scart, phono, component.  Perhaps you haven't set your dvd player up correctly, usually you have  some kind of menu option on your dvd player that allows you to set your video settings...use the best cables you can, HDMI or DVI if your TV is digital. http://www.crutchfieldadvisor.com/ISEO-rgbtcspd/reviews/20031014/connect_tv.html
right click and choose edit. itll go to paint. click stretch/skew and reduce the % of the picture, both height and width, if its still too big use ctrl + z to undo and try a smaller %Depends from what degree of quality you want get from your final image, Paint misses a lot of quality redimension pixels, I strong recommend the use of a professional software like Photoshop or Paint form Corel, in they, you can easy resize any kind of image, always consider te option of "constrain proportions" to achieve a good redimension without get a distortion from your original image.. . After doing the resize, and if you want a good resampling always choose a high to maximum value and select Jpg in a Baseline standard, only certain applications need jpeg in a Baseline optimized or progressive, some digital cameras use progresive but not always that format will be open in all applications, you can choice .gif format but you will be limited to only a 256 color palette.With an "image eding program"...google it.. plenty of "shareware" and even "freeware" programs available.... enter the quoted words in to mr. google. open program save as jpeg , usually it will give you save options.... on the scale of say 1 to 10 , 1 would be the lowest resolution...HTHFormat the picture for e-mail.  This reduces the size of the file and the resolution of the picture itself.  Most picture editing software has this function.
Hey u hav not specified what model of mobile ur using.. If u r using nokia Symbian mobiles(i.e,The fone which have extra memory card) - you and copy the file to the memory card with the help of card reader.. If u r using Symbian40(i.e,The fone which hav Ir,DataCable,BT[Bluetooth]u can even send the tones to ur symbian60 fones also by following tools) use extra software or use mobile media browser.. and for non-symbian fones use datacable.. . Once again i want to remember u 2 specify what type of fone and what model which company.The easiest way is with http://www.crostel.com. It works with WAP phones and SMS only phones.use USB cable or bluetooth deviceBy using a cable,infrared or bluetooth.
It wouldn't work.. . It needs an AC adaptor because it feeds a split rectifier bridge to give it + and - rails.To the modem...nothing unless you are using a higher-voltage adaptor. AC is rectified (converted to DC) before it get to the electronics inside a device. There are certain devices though that use AC, such as: a blender, and thing like that because they have AC motors inside.you would get shocked.If it was about the same voltage, the unit would probably work fine. Most modems like that convert AC to DC anyway inside, also it has a voltage regulator. ALways best to use the proper power supply. MIKEI don't fully understand your question, but if you mean what would happen if I plugged my dc modem into an ac socket without a power supply unit (or transformer that converts 240 or 110V into low voltages and DC power) then you would blow your modem up! Don't try this at home as they say!
I think it means something important."Thats that new fledgling communications company invested by Google and run strictly by old strippers who are too old to work as strippers and can't do anything else. (and you thought the office you work in is nutty).I GOT THE CODE FOR 100,000 MINS FOR THE BOOST MOBILE.GIVE ME YOUR UNUSDE REBOOST NUMBER + YOUR CELL NUMBER AND YOUR SIM NUMBER. SEND TO feb14balla01@yahoo.com. please dont waste my time. im only trying to help the people who helped me.
That's beacuse cameraphones can't create and store EXIF data in the photos unlike  digital cameras. Also, naming photos automatically by the date using phone software/hardware isn't too practical, and most people aren't going to use them anyway.. However, most of the current "imaging" phones,  (like the Sony Ericsson K750i, W800, W810, W900, Nokia 6630, 6680, N70, N90, Motorola V3x etc support the storage and embedding of EXIF data into the pictures.sometimes the date is also the filename of the pictures you took. or you may click on the picture's properties.
A wav file is an uncompressed container for sound. An mp3 file is a compressed format (that is not lossless), so given the same audio, an mp3 file will be generally be smaller than a wav file.wave because mp3 is compressed for portabilitywav is bigger because it is uncompressed. Even a lossless MP3 is smaller than a wave.
The memory types on mp3 players vary (256mb, 512mb, 1gb, etc.). . I would say the average good quality song is about 5mb.. . So just do the math on the number of songs u would like to be on the mp3 player and then u can decide how much memory is needed.MP3 players come in many different forms.  The style the memory is kept in is the same, but different amounts of memory and manufacturer make them different.  MP3 amounts of memory come in 512 MB (holds about 120 songs), 1 GB, 2 GB, 4 GB, 20 GB, 30 GB, 40 GB, 60GB.  Manufacturers each chose their own program to put music into the MP3 player (example: Apple with itunes).  It doesn't make a difference which you get, much.I don't know the answer but if you look in the Argos catalogue it tells you all the info you need near the mp3 players! Hope this helps!In addition to the information of the other posts, there are physical differences in mp3 memory.  With the current (as of 4/06) technology and market offerings, any mp3 player with double digit memory capacity (e.g., 20GB, 30GB, etc.) is hard drive based and any mp3 with memory in MBs or single digit memory (e.g., 128MB, 512MB, 1GB, 2GB, etc.) is flash based.  What's the difference here?  Hard drives have moving parts and don't deal well with lots of sudden physical movements.  Flash memory is in the form of chips with no moving parts.  So, if you want a mp3 player for the gym or jogging use a flash based one; hard drive mp3 players are not advised.  It is a trade-off between resilience (flash memory) and capacity (hard drives).The more memory the more songs you can down load into your mp3 player. 128MB 512MB and the 1g. the bigger the better and more songs you can have in it.
It has to be 'built in' to the phone.  In the USA at least, all new cell phones are required to be GPS enabled in order to track emergency 911 calls.u'd have to buy a pretty expensive phone to have a full gps service.  however sum mobile phone companies wen u enter their wap sites have a map mode and will show you where u are approximately which depends on the triangulation of your fone btwn transmitters.  And from this you can get driving directions.. . In the UK, any Vodafone Wap fone can do this-not sure about others but u do have to pay about 25p/40cents for the serviceYou have to buy a phone that works with satelliteAll up-to-date model phones have GPS in them, depending on your state. certain states do not require it. California does. Oh but if you mean a phone that you can track things or GPS Location device in a phone. There is only 1 carrier that provides them fairly cheap. They still are expensive but cheap. They are also Global phones so you can use the GPS phone in many other countries than you can with a basic one. Verizon has 2. 1 is a motorolla, the other is a Samsung. They can track things when you have cordinates and they can go to any country that has GSM/CDMA. CDMA generally can't go in to Europe but the global phone can. GSM usually can't go into south america. The global phone can. They cost around $300-$400!get a new onehook up to internet
You'll have to pay somebody to do it for you. There are ways, but it's rarely free, unless you know somebody who knows how.Call your service provider, probably they will giev you the unlock code if you have used they service for some while. it depends though. Just call them to find about.try pressing your menu button then starCall your service provider, they should give you unlock code.www.unlocktotalk.com/Code.html . nokiafree.org/forums/t63154/h/s.html . www.gsmserver.com/gsm_archive/10.php . . online codes are free...it takes 5 chances to get it unlocked (usually)... after that, if you don't get it unlocked.. it will be locked permanently. always put in the 7th code and if that doesn't work go with the 1st and if not that then with the 5th code.. . it's risky so good luck!!!. . **when you type in the code... be sure to take OUT your SIM CARD!
Neopets is a website where you can create your own pet, play games for points(money), and use it to take care of your pet. You can also talk to people on there through message boards. My screen name on neopets is Psycostorm, I dont go on there much, but if you would like to add me as a neofriend, you could and I can answer any questions you have.creepy things that geeky second graders play with.Neopets is a site which u choose a pet and play games 2 get money 4 ur pet (neopet).Neopets is the greatest Virtual Pet Site on the Internet. They have built a community of over 70 million virtual pet owners across the world! Neopets has many things to offer including over 160 games, trading, auctions, greetings, messaging, and much much more. . . Neopets a kind of virtual life game. You start by "creating" your pet by choosing from 54 different species with four different colors each. Then you feed it, read to it, play with it. You buy food and supplies by using a Neopets currency called "Neopoints", which you can obtain by playing Neopets games. The more points to score in games, the more Neopoints you get. There are also other things you can do on Neopets. You can train your pet for battle. You can play Single palyer(against the computer) or mulitplayer (with another pet owner aroud the world). You can also participate in contest such as beauty contest, caption contest, and much more.
Try connecting your dryer to another outlet, the one you are using might be wired on the same branch.  If this doesn't solve your problem go to Radio Shack and check in to a line filter.Switch off teh TV dry ypur hair and then come back to watch your show.....how can u listen to the TV in the midst of the hair dryer noise anyway?
Avoid legal problems, if you can not afford to pay for cable do without. If necessary sell you TV and get books to read at the library.If you're talking about stealing cable signal from a trunk line, forgetaboutit. If you mean something else, say so.
For god's sake, that's a mobile phone handset and not a media-player. Better get a Pocket PC to play AVi files.. . For the time being, you've got to be content with 3GP and MP4 videos only, sigh!use the phone software to encode it to a language the phone recognizes
Can u call your own phone? I am not sure what SIM is. If someone can answer it they might just do that and return it to you.Actually you made a BIG mistake in blocking the SIM card... if its in some one els's hand then u cud have traced it using this machine (i dunno its name but the FBIs use it)if u know ur mobile serial no. ( when u type *#06# on ur mobile it appears ) then u can give it to the police & they give it to the networks in ur country & they search for it using this serial no. . Hope u can find it soon..!
You hold the CLR button until your phones screen display speaker on and makes a fairly loud noise. Don't press the up key. That will launch you mobile web browser.press the batonyou press the up key
1) Does your computer live up to the requirements?. 2) Do you have enough space on your computer.. 3) Look in the manual under troubleshooting or installation.. . If none of those work contact Samsung.Dont use the legit program you get with your Mp3 player they usually spam your computer your better off with installing a driver into th ecomputer so that the computer recognises the device. Then you can just drag and drop from pretty much anywhere.
Before you can do anything you need to acquire the service manual.. . You will then need access to suitable test equipment - and know how to use it.In addition to the first answer eg service manual , test equipment you can add a few years studying and practising TV repairs . When you have a few years experience then you can usually dispense with the manual and the test equipment and fix the fault in 10 mins because you will have fixed a few of the same model recently with the same fault, Good luck !
as mentioned, the quality of the files make a huge difference. CD quality will get you somewhere around 200. but radio quality, which is much less and thus less space-consuming, would aim around 400. . also a factor is the compression, which varies from different devices and settings...i'm not familiar with the N-Gages but in all likelyhood, as with most media market devices, you'll be better off going with the 4GB....it might cost more in the beginning, but within a few days (which is how fast things change anymore) you'll be happy with iti do have about 100 mp3's on my 256 GB mp3 player... so i'll say, abt 400 :). . that's with the bad ones (about just 2MBs per song) but for the high-quality MP3s that could get to up to 5-7MBs, it could only reach to maybe 50 songs on my mp3 player. so on a 1 G player, it'd be around 200-400 songs, depending on the quality of the MP3's you'll be loadingabout 250, if they average around 4MB per song... rough estimation. It all depends on filesize and the quality of the mp3s, but that should give you an idea.
Maybe the songs are in a format that the ipod doesnt playSome songs that you download will only play on one machine and that machine only.. . If you downloaded them on another computer then the music will play only on that p.cipods suck return it and get any other mp3 player.  I got a creative zen sleek photo and i love it...never any problems and so easy to use..i'm telly ya lose the ipod.Try reloading them, it could have just been a glitch, the number of songs you download at once probably makes a difference too.maybe you disconnected the ipod when it told you not to. hmm...if not i don't know.
In simple terms, 1080P handles motion better (less chop/blur).  You will find 1080p with video games, but it's too much information to send via TV cable for example.  If you want to just watch TV, the best is 1080i (because they won't sent the single for 1080p).  If you want to play with a XBOX or PS3, you are better off with 1080p.1080 'I' stands for interlaced and 1080'P' stands for progressive.  The Progressive will give you a better picture.1080p has double the amount of information, and therfore better picture qualityIn each of the 60 frame rates for interlaced'i' there only half of the rows of pixels are refreshed (even ones, then odd). interlaced has an effective frame of 30. On progressive, 'p' all pixels are refreshed with each frame--giving a true 60 frames per second
A measure of resolution that reflects the ability of a digital camera to record detail. The more megapixels a camera has, the more detail its images can contain and the more they can be enlarged without losing clarity. More megapixels aren't always necessary, however. For more information see DCHQ's First Time Buyer's Guide.. . In digital imaging devices megapixels define the resolution range when the number of pixels is equal to, or greater than 1,000,000 pixels.Found by multiplying the active horizontal by active vertical pixels. eg SXGA is 1280 x 1024, or 1,310,720 pixels. This could be called a 1.3-megapixel device. MPEG Moving Pictures Expert Group. Designers of the MPEG formats standards.. . A measure of resolution that reflects the ability of a digital camera to record detail. The more megapixels a camera has, the more detail its images can contain and the more they can be enlarged without losing clarity. More megapixels aren't always necessary, however. For more information see DCHQ's First Time Buyer's Guide.The grand master in pixy landAbility of the camera to record details in fine particles.  This will be more helpful only when the picture is enlarged. If we enlarge a small area the details can be seen more clearly and with depth, the details will not be lost.A unit equal to one million pixels. The higher the resolution, the more pixels in an image and therefore the greater the image quality. An image file that is 1 megapixel (MP) can make a photo realistic print of 5 x 7 inches; a 2 MP file can make an 8 x 10-inch print; a 3 MP file can make an 11 x 14-inch print.
HP has great tech support.   You can call their toll free number and get the reason why right away.  I have 3 HP cameras and am very happy with the cameras and the tech support. It is a lot easier than reading the book, which I have been know to do if I am not near a phone.  Good luck.Read the instruction bookIt's probably showing you your pix in an index format.  Try highlighting one of the pix, and then hitting your zoom button.  Good luck!
you can't. microsoft would go out of buisness because everyone would rent/borrowe the game instead of buying itIf you have a modded box Use DVD2Xbox.  If you don't, you can't.  Also keep in mind, the default hard disk that comes with the Xbox only hods a few games, (you'd be lucky to fit more than two)  so you may need a larger hard drive.gcrlz999, i already got one xbox and i have burned hundreds of games to it (it can hold quite a lot of space). im not sure how though
You can't. Seriously, you're trying to hook a game console up to a laptop? That's utter madness right there dude. Just because both products are made by Sony doesn't make them compatible.hahaha   dont joke i know ur not havinng a ps2 and also a laptop....u would be having an wipro celeron right....embarracedddd hahahaaaa
they are history in another words gone for good!you don'tcheck the recycle binIm not sure you can hun! EEEKKK, maybe you can GLGLYou can't. The images are gone forever. You should not try to use data recovery service because as I said they are gone forever.You can't. You might be able to do it for a lot of money through a data recovery service but I really doubt it.sorry but you cantIf you erased them on a digital card....some companies like Lexar have a 1-800 # you can call to try to recover deleted images.  I have never tried it, but I happened to notice that on the package of my SD card when I bought it yesterdayyou cant unless you dropped it into the recycle bin or trash. then you can just recover itIf your smart you would save all your valuable photos to your computer so to avoid this problem just save it to your computer
well if the bluetooth is working on the laptop then go into your settings for bluetooth on your phone it should be under connections then select bluetooth then under setup select find me then on your laptop there should be an option for look for devices then it should find it as long as your phone is in discovery mode. hope this helpsCheck what kind of bluetooth connectivity you have on your phone. Unfortunately not all bluetooth phones are capable of conecting to your laptop. You do have to check. In case it doesnt try a usb cable. . Good Luck
The video from the DVD goes to the TV on 'Aux Input 1' for instance,. and the Cable box usually uses Channel 3 of the TV,. if you have sound OUT on your TV, then connect that to the auxiliary input of you home cinema, and MUTE the TV sound,. you want to use your Home Cinema speakers, then when you watch a DVD, select that as the sound channel on the Home Cinema, else select TV for normal viewing. all you are using your TV for is to watch the video portion of a pr gramme be it TV or DVD. ALL sound goes via the Home Cinemaconnect the cable box to tv. then connect the output audio wires in input of home theater system. n connect output video wire from home theater system to tv.does your tv have RCA inputsYou are in need of a piece of audio equipment called a receiver. It has several channels and all of the audio lines from your various equipment are sent to it. A receiver will have an amplifier in it and places to plug in satellite speakers. Also a nice receiver will have a sub-woofer connect. Your Home theater system may have places to connect RCA cables but not enough. The more expensive typically the more features, inputs and outputs are provided.your home theater system should be able to plug into the back of your Digital Box, & your TV should have a coax adapter in it, for the Cable Box, unless it's a monitor...
Global System for Mobile Communications. . The Global System for Mobile Communications (GSM) is the most popular standard for mobile phones in the world. GSM service is used by over 1.5 billion people across more than 210 countries and territoriesT-mobile and cingular use GSM for there phones Sprint and Verizon phones use the TDma network .The most widely-used system for mobile phones, which allows roaming almost all over the world.It is "Global Service for Mobile"It is "Global Service for Mobile". . That is . G for Global. S for Service. M for MobileGSM..I think its a very brief ORGASM.  ...Or maybe its a food additive which makes people go dyslexic??Honestly, when I heard that phrase some time ago it was used as a slang terminology for sperm.  But it depends on how it was used when you heard it, I guess. Obviously if it was used in a professional enviroment thats not what was meant.  But hey, if not, you just learned some hood-ology
press # then * then the sign that looks like a book the the right arrow then turn err channel no the go down to clear flags this is for free chirp. can anyone get me and boost for free?I dont think you can
With out something more specific all I can say is look through this http://www.apple.com/support/ipod101/If you are copying the files onto the shuffle as mp3's without using the iTunes application, ie using windows explorer, then the shuffle won't play the music.  You need to use iTunes.  The shuffle can be used as a flash drive, but it doesn't play any music that wasn't transferred by iTunes.  Try reading the manual.You're lucky i have one first you install the itunes cd then you put the shuffle in the computer then you save mp3 songs only in the itunes music box and click file on itunes go to import then get the song sometimes it doesn't work i had the same problem.
First you have to have a working VCR player and a working DVD recorder.  Next you will need the propper cables to connect the audio and video out of the VCR to the audio and video in on the DVD recorder.  After all this is connected, put the VCR tape in the VCR player and push the play button.  Once the VCR tape is playing and you have it at the point you want to record, start the DVD record (after inserting a blank DVD of course).Easiest way is with a DVD Recorder (but a bit more $). Just play the tape when its recording. If you get one with a hard drive you can edit out the commercials before dubbing to DVD. Just copy to hard drive, use the chapter tool to seperate, then delete the commercials. Then record to DVD.. . You can also do this on a computer with a DVD recorder but you have to have decent software like Pinnacles. Some of the commercial stuff produces low quality video. Pinnnacle has great devices for patching in too, like the MovieBox. . . HOWEVER - note that if you have commercial videotapes, they have a copy protection signal on them that will either block dubbing on a DVDR or break up the picture. To get past that you need commercial equipment that filters off the signal. The Brits have that easier and cheaper. But they use different TV technology. . . Check out: http://www.videohelp.com/guides. Search google for Macrovision remover
the number of pixels indicate the quality of your resulting picture.. . The more, generally, the better.. . Go for a reputable camera like nikon, canon, olympus or sony.. . 6-8 megapixels is perfect for most uses.if you mean resolution and pixel it means the clarity of your photos the more of each the better. have you ever looked at a tv screen real close the small dots you see are pixels the more of them you have the sharper the picture
No you cannot. Manufacturers spend a long time fitting the OS to the mobile phone hardware - it is a very different environment to a PC. You cannot uninstall the current software as it is embedded (flashed in) without the proper equipment, which generally only the manufacturers have.no its not possible because it doesnt support windows mobile addtion
mine does that too.. weird.. lollast time you had voice mail, you may have hung up before the voice mail system sent a reset signal.  go into messages, and into settings somewhere should be a "reset count" option.
If its a diode laser, it maintains a constant durrent.. If its a gas or crystal laser, it maintains a high voltage and may contain a pulse-forming network (PFN).If you are referring to a software driver for a particular laser printer or CD/DVD unit, it just preforms the necessary hand shaking with the rest of the computer and the devise in question.Well.. not sure what you are after.. I think that the laser driver circuit is designed for extremely close controls causing little or no fluctuation to the laser diode.. . I am not a specialist on this subject bukt I believe a laser driver circuit is to generate a bias current based, at least in part, upon a reference average power signal and a measured average power signal, and to generate a modulation current based, at least in part, upon a reference swing power and a measured swing power signal.drives the laser, duh
Plug its cord into an electric outletIf I remember your camera model correctly it should use AA batteries,,,,,,you can just put in new ones or buy rechargeable ones.   Charge them up for first time use and you are ready to go.  If this doesnt work.   Your camera may be broken.
If you try calling Sony, and tell them the problems, then they will send you a box, which you will send back to them with your camera in it. Then, they will fix it for you. However, it might be pretty expensive..try sony.com. and look for contact us information
the universal serial bus cord or firewire cordthe usb cord that was included with the mp3 player DUH!!First of all, you need a special program (iTunes e.g) and then, you need a USB. Normally there´s no problem.
I bought a software package called Magix Clean and an adapter that hooks the tape deck up to the computer. It is good because after you play the tape into the computer, you can clean up the recording before burning the disk.Connect the output of the tape player to the "line" input on you PC and record the tracks you want.  . . You can then transfer them to c.d.
The answer is mostly because the audio between stations and programs is never recorded at the same level.. . Also, audio for television programs is recorded to reflect a good dynamic range- that is, quiet scenes are really quiet so that there is more impact when any action occurs.  Commercials don't have the luxury of time to accomodate for differences in audio dynamics, so they hit you up front with "in your face" audio.Because TV stations also control how loud of soft something is. TV stations generally turn it up during the ads, and down during the television program.. . Its anoying i know. The same applies for radios.
it's called piracy. u can use torrents but watch out not to be caughtnowhere..use yahoo search n type in "Free pc games".. i got a few though not the fancy types though.Did you try. http://www.arcadetown.com/video_games.asp?Good Games can't be received for free legally.Basically, you pirate them. its not recommended, but most times its only businesses that get audited for pirated software.
Because you have the coolest remote in the world.  Now go sell that baby on ebay.My remote that I bought- you have to press 1 to get 0, 2 to get 1 etc.,  It only does that on the TV mode and on the sattelite mode it works finecus its broken
Normally, phones will only switch to analog mode when there is no digital signal strong enough to use the phone.  It's possible that the closest digital tower is off-line for maintenance.  You'll just have to wait for it to switch back when the signal is strong enough.If all else fails... button scramble.
people think that if they push it harder somehow the controller will gain some of the power that the person pushed into it and work better even though the actual power of the battery hasnt changed. its complicated.I thought I was the only one that did this.It is a relief to know that I am not alone,I go even further than pushing the button harder,I have been known to hit the remote on my leg or in the palm of my hand,like I can beat it into working again.They think it might help, but it doesn't.It actually works to push the remote harder. People push it harder so the chip in the remote can actually sense it.IMPATIENCE.because they think it might sqeeze out the last bit of power... or maybe they think they aren't pushing the botton hard enough...haha, i thought i was the only one that did that. It so funny when u hear other people talk about the stupid things u do that u think no one else would do.lolpepole say that it uses more battry to get itProbably just making sure they hit the button right.
Buy a gameboy.. . A calculator should be used as a calculator.There is either a cord that you connect to your USB on your computer. U can dload on the internet. Or you can connect to someone else's TI83 and get it like that. There is a send data option.You need to buy a TI Connectivity Kit. (first link). It should be available at any large electronics store, like Best Buy.. . The second link is the largest collection of TI software on the internet.  It has games and other programs for all TI graphing calculators.. . If you want to get stuff on a friend's calculator, you need to use the short link cable included with all TI calculators.
If the house is wired with "standard" 4 conductor cable, the first line should be on red & green.  . . You can use yellow & black for the second line... just like the phone company would do it.Are we talking about wiring just one jack?. . How old is the current wiring in your home?. . Telephone wiring usually has 4-8 wires.  Your current phone line is only using 2 of them, and the others are spare.  You should be able to run to the store and get a dual jack (has two plugs) and replace the existing jack.  Connect up the second set of wires, and then connect the corresponding wires in the network interface, located where the telephone cable comes into your home.. . The problem with this is hoping the current line isn't messed up too bad, or that the installer didn't hook it up wrong.Wiring phone lines is very simple.  A phone line is just 2 wires, or 4 for 2 lines.  Get a phone jack and some wire at a local hardware store or a Radio Shack.. . Drill a small hole in the floor where you want your new jack to be, then run the wire from there to the outside phone box.  On both ends, simply strip a small amount of shielding off the wire and form it into a little hook, then put it under the screw terminals of the phone jack box.  Should just be a flathead screw terminal that you just loosen, put the wire under, then screw back down tight.. . When you look at the terminal box outside, you should see at least one wire coming out and hooking up to 2 screws for your existing line.  When they activate the second line, you may need to use trial and error to find out which of the other sets of screw terminals they activated.  Just make your new wire look similar to the one you see for the existing line.. . If you have any more questions on this just post a comment or modify your question.. . P.S.  The voltage in normal phone lines is very small.  Be carefull, but don't be afraid.  It would be more like the buzz of a 9 volt if anything.You can't pre-wire a house if it's already built. If you don't know how to run telphone wire, I wouldn't attempt it. There's voltage in those lines.RadioShack will have the wire and accessories you would need.  I don't think they sell books any more but the people who work there might help you with the information - it's fairly straightforward.. . If the people at one branch don't know, it's worth visiting more branches, you're sure to find someone who does.  . . Look for information in your public library too.take fredcdobbs answer.  That is best answer.  It would be a very rare occasion that someone would run line with only 2 conductors in it.  Now if the cable is Cat5, the colors will not be red, green, yellow, black.  They will be blue/white and orange/white.  But same principle applies.  You would connect the orange/white pair to the module in Network interface for the second line as well as the jacks where you want that line to appear.put the wire from point a to point b
Because PS2 should be used for console game my dear :). DVD has many variations. If it's a hijacked or burn DVD, there could be a chance that your PS2 can't read at all.its not really a DVD player. meaning it doesnt come pre loaded with all the codexis it from the adult lock?i'm not sure.  i have had the same problem, although we watched tons of movies on it for the first couple months.  how often does she watch movies on it?
Speaker cones are made from various materials like poly or paper. In the past speaker cones were made by hand, but today a speaker designers makes the design on AutoCAD, and a machine builds the speaker. Ocone? what cones?. ice cream ones? . nope i dont know
with the iPod plugged into the PC - open iTunes and click on the iPod on the left hand side - then you can delete the music from the list on the right.delete ittake all the music off of Itunes! and then update the ipodYou can only take them off using iTunes. You can either uncheck the song, or you can right click on the song and click on clear, and it will remove the song entirely from iTunes.
Use iTunes. . I think you can convert this in no time.you need some software thatv can convert mp3 to wavOpen up a program Called CREATIVE RECORDER, then play the MP3, while recording it.  On the recorder set it to 'Stereo Mix'  No microphone needed.with winampThere are plenty of good programs that will convert the music for you. All you have to do is search a bit...you can download an mp3 to wave converter from almost anywhere. Try cnet.com sharaza or kazaa. be careful and scan .EXE for virus before runing.
mode=most...the number that occurs the most frequently in a set of dataThe mode is the number that is repeted the most times in a set.The mode is the most common number in a given set of numbers.  For example, in the set {1,2,2,3,5,5,5,6,7} the mode is 5 as it appears more than the others.mode is the thing in the list that appears the most. so in: 1 1 1 4 2 8 2 5 1. 1 is the mode because it appears 4 times
Well,we can use a triband phone on almost all part of the world.A triband phone is useful if you travel overseas (outside US).  If you live in Europe or Asia, a triband will allow broader roaming.. It does absolutely nothing for you if you stay in your national coverage area inside the US.
u have to find a certain black truck that opens this kind of missions at nighttime. it will give u a target house, then u must drive to it and steal w/e items the mission requires.you have to give me 10 more pointsif i know i wont tell youwait till nite then go on inYou first have to wait until it is 20:00. When it is that time you have to find a specific truck. The truck is in the appartments in front of the Gym in Los Santos. I think theyr'e blue. You get in and press the "Mission Button" on Xbox it is the Right Joystick. It is the same truck in which you robbed the guns with Ryder!
you will need a power adapter or you'll blow the moter, the fuses and start a fire in you houseBasic shunt motor would be positive to positive brush, and negative to negative brush, making sure that the positive side of plug when plugged in has the right polarity.. Check out this source for more help.. Hope this helpsYou Can use a transformer (from [120V or 230V] depends on your electricity to 3V) but don't forget to connect a bridge rectifier on the secondary(output) to get DC voltage.. Good Luck.Dc motor requires a AC-DC voltage adaptor. You can get multi voltage adaptors, make sure you meet or exceed the current rating (the current it will draw)
Ask in your photo-shop for an inflating brush and/or for special lens cleaning paper. I advise you to use both: with the brush you remove first any solid object, so you won't scratch the lens, when you afterwards use the paper to remove fingerprints.Use a soft cloth and clean the lens. They also sell cleaning materials for cameras.
A purple diamond means that the format is not supported.. The W800i supports only MP3, WAV and AAC formats for playback.. What format did u put in? It wont play formats like WMA/OGG/SND etc.. . For best results use only MP3/AAC.No
sellin' rocks on tha corna, shawty....go git that papa, son!!hold out a hat and beg for moneyYou could offer to do yard work for your neighbors for a fee.  You could help spring clean houses, maybe wash windows things like that.  Many people will pay for a little help here and there.You could get a cheaper MP3 player that does the same thing just as well for a lot less.Buy guitars or other popular things from a 2nd hand store, clean it up and sell on ebay...get you butt of the coch and sell some stuff you don't whant if that doe's not work hen start a car wash if that dont work I've got nothing else.Chimney sweeping, not many sweepers bout nowadaysWell, you could walk the neighbors' dogs or do yard work.Spring has sprung how about mowing some yards. Collect cans on the side of the road. If you want it bad enough you'll find a way.Summer job....find something you might like doing and can earn some cash for it.babysit, wash cars, mow lawns, sell unwanted toys etc, or sell your soul on ebay!!Go wash some cars and get some cash$$...Depending on how old you are you could get a summer job.  I work a week at my county fair.  You could also try asking your parents for an allowance if you set the table, mow the lawn, and do other chores for them.my bro bought on on his paper route money. . altho i think the selling your soul on e-bay may work...Get you're self a lemonade stand..!!i will sell candy in school i sell candy in school and make a lot of money i bot a ipod 30 gb and a lot of clothes. i am telling u the truth
It has 60 Watts per channel, so 120 watts total.  Any CD player will work with it as long as it has RCA outputs.wattage of the cd player only effects the speakers that are hooked up to it. the amp uses an rca output from the cd player and creates its own wattage and amperage
I use windows movie maker. I believe its standard with Windows XP. Its easy to use and a lot of fun. Check in your accessoriesIt is best to convert them first into .avi files and then you can use editing software like premiere or windows movie maker.
Attach your iPod. Open the Updater software. Select Restore. Everything will be erased including your personal settings.Well I know that if you load it onto some one else's cpu and download like one song or more, than it automatically erases itself
If you downloaded this movie or what ever it is from the internet you sometime get what are called video clips. You can burn them to DVD but the sound will not record because they are usualy protected that way. I hope this is the answer you were looking for.Mimes?!? Try cleaning your player.My guess would be that the audio tack on those two dvd's are in a different standard format and your receiver is not understanding it or not automatically changing to accept it.. . I had a simmilar problem with a JVC receiver that was supposed to understand DTS encoding but never could so I had to make sure that the setup screen in the DVD (if the option exists) is set to Dolby instead. I have since replaced it with a Denon and am sooo much happier.Mimes. Mimes cause DVDs to not have any sound.make sure your audio cord is plugged in the right sloton certain dvd players they retain memory and the dvd can have the audio turned to something you don't want like 5.1 when you only have tv speakers or turned off i am willing to bet it is a selection in the audio choices
You can read from this link, and do it.. www.cdc.gov/nasd/docs/ d001401-d001500/d001473/d001473.pdfAll the tall buildings are protected against lightning in the same way.. A metal rod is planted on the top of the roof, and the same is connected to earth.. as soon as a charged cloud comes over it, opposed charge is developed on this rod which attracts the lightning or the charge,. which then goes to earth safely without causing any damage
It refers to screw mounting lenses used by the camera.There are "CS-Mounts" and "C-Mounts" in the CCTV industry. CS-Mount is the standard screw mounting for 2/3" and 1" camera lenses. The distance from the flange surface to the focal point is 17.526mm. A C-mount lens can be used on a camera with a CS-mount by adding an adapter ring to reduce this distance to 12.5mm.
You can call Cingular, tell them you bought the phone used from a friend and would like to get it unlocked.  They should be able to help you.ask your friend, or try to think of the passwordYour only option is to find a third party who will unlock the phone for you.  I suggest you Google "Unlocking Motorola V3 RAZR" and you should get tons on potential sellers who will unlock this for a fee.
Wanadoo, Yahoo and Hotmail (Microsoft) are web based email and they combine your account (where you get storage) with the ability to read it (via the web). . Outlook and Outlook Express are software programs on your computer you use to read email, you still need to set up an account with someone like Yahoo to receive any mail.. . Yahoo's new mail interface is really cool and brings lots of features that were previously only available in software like Outlook plus you get 1Gig of storage which is hugeyeah you know, come to think of it you're right, there is no difference, thanx for making me think for like the first time in years!One useful difference between Yahoo and Outlook Express is that by using the latter as the interface you can include graphics in the body of sent mail, whereas sending it directly through Yahoo any graphics have to be sent as an attachment.
There are analog to digital cards out there.. . A cheap way would be go into a quiet room and set your computer mic close to the tape player speaker.a good stereo cassette deck, computer with sound card with audio input and a cable that has 1/8th stereo plug on one end and 2 rcas on the other. Windows media, make sure your puter has the sound card selected for aux input. Record on hard drive, then copy files to cd (oh, puter must have a cd burner)
Most of the new generation mobile phone charges have an auto cut-off. However, its good take it out to make sure its not exposed for any short circute etc.,first of all.. it consumes electricity... and 2ndly it will explode at one point so make sure u always unplug it :D
Radio shack sells an RF modulator for about $20-30 U.S. that will do the trick.  However, if you have a VCR, you can hook the DVD up to the VCR, tune the VCR to the Aux input and use the coax hookup from the VCR to the TV.  It dose the same thing the RF modulator does. (and that is how mine is rigged, right now watching Chronicles of Narnia.)You have to get an adaptor that is basically called a Coaxial to RCA connector.  You can search for them on ebay, I actually looked for them the other day and typed in coaxial RCA and got the results I was looking for.Joe the answer man is right, but one word of warning...if you go to Radio Shack first they will tell you that you will not be able to run your DVD through a VCR, that DVD players are made not to work that way, that either it doesn't play or the volume is messed up so that you can't copy DVD's. However, I tried it and it worked just fine. Give it a shot if you can before spending the money.
Instead of using Itunes you might be better off using another manger because Itunes usually doesn't care for non-Ipods. You could try loading the files into the player from somewhere like C:&#92;Documents and Settings&#92;(user)&#92;My Documents&#92;My Music&#92;ItunesDude... Its simple... Just throw your MP3 and buy a I-pod 60 gigabytes!!!
I think you mean pound.  #  It is used primarily in voice menus, banking, things like that.its called pound and sometimes you hit it when using a phone card or putting in some codeHave you ever seen on comedy shows or cartoons when a big boxing glove comes out of the phone and punches the person on the phone? That's what it does. Press it when talking to some one and they will get a great left hook. . hahaha........not really....would be nice though for those prankers and telemarketers.. . Its generally used to select and option in a menu
I was able to do that by plugging it into the computer and using the software on the computer to change it.  Other than that, not sure.  Good luck.you need to change the name in your computer for this file, and then record it again to your i podright click on it, click edit info and change the name
You might be able to, if there is a navagation panal, your gonna need to use that navagate to the picture you want and click print on the printer. But there are tons of different printers so I don't know if that will work or not, but just a really easy way to do it, is to just put the pictures on your computer and print it that wayu connect ur fone to ur pc with tha u.s.b cord and upload the pics
go to their website or send it back to the company. my camera broke too but i sent it to the company and they fixed it.. . ?send it back to the shop you bought it...There is an excellent website on the full range of these Russian cameras on Google !!Repair tips and drawings are there for most models !!
USGS Geographic Data Download. Data Sets Information:. These data files are for use in geographical information systems(GIS) for analysis and integration with other geospatial data. They are not directly viewable using WWW browser or image viewing tools. The USGS offers free software for viewing some digital cartographic products, including DLG-O, DEM, DLG/SDTS and DRG data. They are tools for data preview, and are not substitutes for commercial geographic information system software. . Status Maps are available for a limited number of data sets. . Geographic Data Download Metrics . Public Domain Software for use with DEM, DLG, DRG, LULC, and SDTS files. . Spatial Data Transfer Standard (SDTS) information. Note: Please be aware that not all Native files have been converted to SDTS format. For a complete listing of data available in Native and SDTS, please go to EarthExplorerIn "geekdom", this also stands for "the Guide for Occupational Exploration" published by JIST. Check the GOE section of CareerOINK.
to complete the connection circlebatteries that are connected together in a line have the positive of one battery up against the negative of the next one.. . If they're inserted into a device where the batteries are side by side it's easier to connect the positive on one battery to the negative on the battery next to it if the two ends to be connected are side by side.. . If the batteries were all placed next to each other with all the positives at one end and all the negatives at the other end you'd have to have wires running between each positive and the negative of the adjoining battery.. . So the reason is purely for convenience.Because u gotta go with the the flow!
noise and sound waves (if loud enough) could (in theory) shake the camera which could produce a blurry picture.. . Noise in photography refers to 'grainyness', which looks like you would think that 'static' (from like a radio) would look like, thus the term 'noise'.I wonder if you mean photographic noise, or the grainy look that a picture gets on high ISO settings.  Canon is famos for making the best DSLR cameras in that regard.  Their noise is minimal.Due to loud noise, some dust particles or some foreign matter might fly in the jurisdiction of the object, and this may affect the clarity of the photo.it doesn't, unless it is causing the camera or subject to vibratesome cameras can pickup vibration from VERY loud noises and it will show in a wave on the photo (these are usually old SLR's) also of course it can make it shaky looking but both are very very rare and has to be very loud noise.It is assumed that you are talking about a digital camera noise specification. This reference to NOISE is not sound, it's electronic noise. This refers to a measurable signal that comes from individual image receptor pixels with NO light hitting them.  In other words, if you had the camera in an absolutely, totally dark room and took a picture, (no flash), there would still be something to look at on the computer screen. These would be individual pixels scattered all over the image that are a bit lighter than other pixels. Some would be totally black, others not quite as black. This is the NOISE that we are talking about. It often shows up in pictures where some of the image is very bright and some is very dark, all in the same picture. The dark areas will be mostly black with random pixels of a lighter black, that's the noise. Whatever the particular noise rating measure is, obviously you would want the lowest noise level possible, but don't pay a lot for a little bit of difference.Each pixel in a camera sensor contains one or more light sensitive photodiodes which convert the incoming light (photons) into an electrical signal which is processed into the color value of the pixel in the final image. If the same pixel would be exposed several times by the same amount of light, the resulting color values would not be identical but have small statistical variations, called "noise".
noI don't think you can, but even if you could you'd have to spend a fotune on data charges anyway.  Better set aside an extra 45 clams a month.
You need to ascertain what type of DVD, is it one that has been made on a PC? there are many kinds of DVD standards, and not all DVD players can read all of them.. DVD +R/W. DVD -R. DVD +R. for instanceDVD's are harder to read as they contain more data.  If your laser is out of alignment or going bad I would say this is not out of the question.  But as it was pointed out earlier are you talking about DVD's purchased in the store or burned DVD's???  Burned DVD's can not be read by all DVD players and even at that are harder to read then pressed DVD's.
go to the AIM website and sign up where it says mobile.  Or you can call your cell phone provider to find out if your phone is capable of doing that.look at the manufacturers web site ..It will have the relavent infoYou don't need to go the aol website. To access it on your phone your provider needs to allow it, only certain providers in north america currently support the aol messenger on the phone.. . Your best bet is to contact your cell phone company and ask them.go to the website and download itgo to www.aim.com , set up a screen name and then go to your phones aim messenger and type in your new screen name and your ready to go!go to aim.com and sign up. but you might have to pay.
There are lots of high quality no-cost programs for doing this.. . Windows Media Player http://www.windowsmediaplayer.com/. Yahoo Music Engine http://music.yahoo.com/musicengine/You need to download a program that does that. There are some floating around for free. Something by Roxio.download mp3 maker from download.com and after that you will be able to convert songs from a CD to a mp3 file. . . i did it. it works.ehh just use windows media player  it will do it...You can do this by using Windows Media Player!!See the site below for instructions.ues nero or media player rip the regular audio cd as mp3 files
huuuney... what you mean set?  why, didn't you get two of them when you opened the box?  gurl i think someone did pull a fast one on you.  it was probly that delievery man...   =)cuz it "sets" on a tv tray!Because it sets in one place.Cause it contains a video receiver (picture) and radio receiver (sound).  For analogy example, a stereo device that amplifies sound thru speakers is called an amplifier. Add a am/fm radio to the same box and they call it a tuner. A set, two receivers, Video and Audio. (Picture/video only would be a monitor)it was made with gas filled glass tubes in the beginning and it sets on a table.The expression dates back to the early days of wireless (radio).  . A wireless receiving set was so called because it used a set of components.
I think you can e-mail them to yourself, but I am not sure how. Sorry. My friend e-mails the pictures from her phone to her e-mail address. Try looking it up online or something.To email a picture to your computer, just create a normal picture message like you would send to a phone, and then when your going to send it type in the email address instead of a phone number.
bump up the iso settings.. . . change to apperature mode and try to prolong exposure"mtoung" is correct ... change the aperature setting. But you'd better have a lens with a large aperature to do this (at least a f/2.8).To be more specific, try this.  Set the ISO to 800, set the camera to aperture-priority mode and open it wide.  The camera will meter the light and give you the fastest shutter speed for that situation.  It may be slow, so the pics may be blurry.  For that reason, use a tripod or place camera on a table or something to eliminate hand shake.  If your lens has image stabilization, turn it on.  If you can, bring the ISO even higher, though the image may get noisy from that.  But that is the best you can do.  How well your pics come out depends on your lens and the amount of light in the space you are shooting. Have fun.. . ps. Of course you can also use the flash...I am assuming you don't want to do that.
Best advice I've been given is to get experience, either by doing work at smaller mags, or for internet sites - get a good list going and work up.. . Keep reading mags, have a go at all kinds of writing to keep your english up to scratch, and write reviews for games, either to submit later, or just for fun.. . Enjoy yourself, and GOOD LUCKBy establishing your name in the reviewing business, showing your competent, and getting a job within an industry that does reviews (such as a magazine like Game Informer).
buy the program to unlock it off ebay!Go to a big phone dealer. The big phone dealers have software and tools to unlock the phone. Will cost you about $10 or more (depending on the phone model)
You can spot them buy the size of the stick and if it doesn't have a special sticker on the proof of purchase box. And I think the highest Memory Stick Duo that Sony distributed was the 2 GB and Sandisk has the 4 GB. But if it has a foreign language you'll definetly know it's fake.The glasses don't break.it says xbox on it
I use a small Motorcycle Battery mounted in one of those Hip Pouches. The reason is, it lasts for weeks before I have to Recharge and it has a life of about 5 years if kept clean, before I buy a new one. They sell for about $15 at Wal-Wort.PDA: Public Displays of Affection or Personal Digital Assistant?duracell battery is high quality rechargable . http://duracell.com/products/rechargeable.asp?id=42&No particular battery or type of cell is "better" for your PDA. . . The choice boils down to economics.. . It is generally acknowledged that re-chargeable cells and batteries are more economical than disposable ones.
If you want to send a cell phone by email, you can't send a physical device over an electronic medium.. . If you want to address an email to someone's email account that they access by cell phone, then you simply enter the address in the format username@domainname just like any other email account.Here's what you're going to want to do.  Send an email to 10digitwirelessnumber@teleflip.com, and replace the 10digitwirelessnumber part with the actual number.  Teleflip is a service that will automatically route emails to the correct cell provider of the recipient.  It's easier because you might not always know who the provider of the person you're trying to contact is.Depends on wireless carrier your emailing.. Only you can email verizon phone I don't know why.. . The way to email verizon is like this in the TO spot enter the number @vtext.com (example [555-1212-2323@vtext.com] )type in the phone number.
If ITunes is open and it says okay to disconnect and you are getting a solid orange light that means charging. Solid green means charged. However if disk is in use the light will flash orange meaning nothing more than not safe to remove i could be charging or not.i am not exactly sure about a shuffle but a regular ipod charges in five hours. to know if it is fully charge there is a battery with a plug it is fully charged...it in in the getting started (comes with ipod)
most scanners have one button that says scan, and another that says manual. if it's saying all channels locked out you most likely need to manually go one at a time and press a button that says l/o or maybe a pic of a lock, then the display should deactivate the locked out message.  you will need to check all programmed channels to unlock all of them.I am having the same problem with a similar scanner.  If you find an easy answer, would you please let me know.  My problem is that someone gave me the scanner, without the users manual, and I don't want to print 88 pages.  My children were messing with the scanner, now it won't do anything, and the screen also reads "all channels locked out".  I don't know how to work anything except the scan button.....LOL
get a minus screw driver.. see where the aluminum case and plastic meet?. split it open using the screw driver.. gently "bump" it out, and pull it out.. you'll see the battery there connected to the hard drive.. however, you shouldn't attempt it as the battery has been "sealed" to the rest of the mechanism's i think.I would take it to an Apple store to make sure it's done correctly.Yea, I'd send it to Apple. If you try to do it yourself, you could permanently damage the iPod.read the instructions for it
do chores and everything they usually ask u to do WILLINGLY!! it works!!!Get good grades in the last bit before school gets out. Do your chores and earn the money. Be kind. Butter them up even.Get good grades, do chores willingly, act nice and earn your own money so that it would show that they wouldn't have to spend their own money. Also, try showing them that you won't be playing the videogame all the time and if it is something like a virtual pet game, then you can say how it would show you responsibility or something like that, lol.. . Hope that helped!tell them you've be working so hard in school and it will relax you from the stress caused by school workearn the money yourself. Or atleast some of it.You should explain the reason they won't let you. Do you spend all your time playing video? Do you already have a closet full of them? Are you a disobedient child? etc. etc.Tell them it's a matter of life or death. . . Tell them a bully at school stole your money and the next day gave you that game. lol.tell them that you really want it and if they say no tell them that there not making the right choise for there son trust me this advice only works if you don't have a little sister or brother.do more chores, good grades, and show them that you're responsiblebe a total suck upIf they refuse, threaten to hold your breath until you turn blue.Be a good boy for the rest of the week,make sure you clean your room, clean the house and do your homework. It works with me all the timeget a job, if they see youre working for somthing then they will buy it for you, they just dont want you to be a gaming junkieOn top of getting good grades and doing chores, my best technique was giving my parents a guilt trip about what they were spending on themselves. Of course this has to be done wisely to make sure that they can't spin it on you. By making them feel guilty about what they bought themselves then u add in all the good stuff you did and you should have a new game in no time. Note: This works best after a week of good work and right after your parents buy something cool for themselves.
http://www.jr.com/JRProductPage.process?Product=4021211. mp3 player there and here is the card. http://www.jr.com/JRProductPage.process?Product=3560857. 256MB SD memory cardcd players have gotten cheaper and can play mp3s from a cd so it can hold alot of music on a cd. 1 song is usually 3mb so it can hold roughly  200 songs plus most have radios. but it may be abit more bulkier than mp3 players.MP3 devices are more handy due to their convenient sizesRCA makes a MP3 player that is about $50 I think. It only holds 64 megabits, but it works fairly well and it's so small you can put it in any pocket. It's also really easy to load music onto it. . . I use a RCA LYRA (the same series) with 4 gigabytes of memory. It holds every song I own, and it has a rechargeable internal battery. It was about $150 at Wal-Mart. It is also very small. Maybe 1.5" x 3" x 1/2".mp3's are more portable and cost about the same. plus you can change the music whenever and when downloading, it costs nohting
They haven't changed the date that much.  Last known date, is November 2006.The PS3 will come out November 2006.. . The reason it was delayed was the apparent copyright of blue ray discs.. . It will cost around $600one thing I know is that the technology they use for their disc is so new and advanced (blue ray technology) that the PS3 would cost tons of money right now. They have to wait for the technology to get develop for it to get cheaper and find cheaper ways to build the PS3.Why not...may to increase the facilities available in itthink they are afraid of the competetion and are trying to improve n improve but waiting n watching the competetion....but i guess they are playin a dumb waiting game......lol
the phone line has its own 12 volt power  - if you cross the wires you will see the spark - . . thats how light up phone lightthe smell of your breath generates the power needed to light up the buttons on your phone. so the more your breath stinks, the brighter the buttons light up. i swear.the power gets generated through your phone line by the phone company at the other end, at the switch
They all mean the same thing, getting aboard.They are the same thing.Accessing a computer or a network is logging ON.  After you have logged on, identifying yourself at a website as someone registered there is logging IN.. . It's sort of like signing on and signing in - e.g., you can sign on as a member of a project or workforce, and then when you go to work, you sign in each day.. . Look at your start menu: it says log off.  But go to websites and they have a spot to click labled log in.....Just the speeling. They all do the same thing if they work properly.I thought you had to LOG IN to LOG ON and i have no idea what LOGON is ? I did not even know that word existed!!!!. Jeez you got me confoooooosed aswell now. lol.There is actually no difference at all lol. its just different ways of spelling it
hey man u r in wrong Category.by going to londonI know, you can go to stores and ask if they have a job for you!  try it, it works  ;)Hi! I know that ,man can become a job easily with Software engineering In England. sy , Ali
the "afterglow" on a television screen is the residual glow of the phosphorescence on the front of the screen dying away. the screen when working is being hit with electrons from an electron gun at the back of the Cathode ray tube and this exited the front inside coating to make the pictures. This assumes that your TV is a Cathode ray tube type & not a liquid crystal or plasma type tvIt's the TV watching you....i cant be positive, but i imagine it to be the nature of a television screen and the display technologies. test you're discovery with other tv's and see what you can learn!. . //edit//. watchdog: i believe she was referring not to the afterglow that lingers a few seconds, but to the mysterious glowing hours into the night, where i must believe the nature of the television screen reflects small amounts of light that most other materials absorb, thus making itself more visible when all else is shrouded in darkness
it should be the last 4 digits of your cell phone number!usually its the upper right key pad then the star button for key pad unlock. to unlock anything else its usually 1234 or the last 4 digits of ya cell#I think you mean unlocking your C975 to be used with different networks. There are a 2 different ways of doing this:. . - Take your phone to a local unlocking shop. They should be able to unlock your phone for about 20 GBP / $40.. . - Get your phone unlocked online. You can use the "Try Before You Buy" feature at http://www.cell-unlock.com/motorola-c975-unlock.htm and purchase the unlock for $25.
The name LG comes from an abbreviation of "Lucky Goldstar" (hangul:????), the company's name until 1995. Before changing their name, many electronic products were sold under the brand name Goldstar, while some other household products (not available outside Korea) were sold under the brand name of "Lucky." The Lucky brand was famous for producing household cleaning products and laundry detergents in South Korea. Before massive industrialization of South Korean society, the name Lucky was synonymous with toothpaste (similar to Kleenex referring to a facial tissue paper).Life's Good. http://www.lge.com/index.jhtml
u talking about dvd and mp3 player? well dvd is for movies and mp3 is for music.. as simple as that..DVD is a video format while mp3 is an audio format. I think you wanted to ask MP4 format which is also a video compression format. Both offer nice video rendering in that case.in the way the file is compressed, besides they're different usage, IE mp3 is used for audio files and DVD for video files. you may mean the difference between the mp4 and DVD, which are both video files compressors. DVD quality is considered better of the both.
create a new file and call it xbox games or something and save them into that file when you downloadyahoo games.comWithout putting in the disK?  You can use alcohol 120 or other various programs to make a image of the CD, then make a virtual CD Rom drive on your computer with the image loaded.  That way the game will run without the disk.
nextel you get a bill. boost is prepaid . . i have nextel and it rocks!!!!!!!!!!!I have Boost Mobile and the only difference is that Boost is kinda like a prepaid/pay-as-you-go version of Nextel. They are the same company just two versions.They are on the same network - Nextel.  Boost is owned by Nextel.  Boost Mobile is a prepaid service that is geared towards the younger generation - extreme sports.  They always sponsor surifng events and stuff like that.  Nextel is a traditional service where you get a bill that is not prepaid.some letters?neaver hered ofit
Nothing. Handycam is a brand of Sony Camcorders.Size and features. Depends on what brand and model you getone is bigger than the other and has more thing then tghe othe"Handycam" is a Sony brand name. It is a camcorder or videocamera.Handycam is from Sony.  They both are video recorders.Both are camcorders but "Handycam" is one made by Sony. Camcorder is a camera that records on videotape, DVD or a built in hard drive.they both the same...handycam is a brand from sonyAbout $200
cuz it likes oral s*x   ???The charger has probably died -- shorted out internally.  If the cig lighter works OK, it's the charger.  Chargers draw far less current than lighters do.
Is a question of style. Simply looks good.It dates back years. Apparently it is meant to make the watch look like it is smiling! Strange but trueat 10:10 the clock arms resembles a smiley face..this is one preception.... and some says the inventor of the clock is died at the time...I have heard that in watches time is kept at 10:10 because it is the time at which the person who had invented the clock had died some years ago. So to honour him it is kept like that.ok
most probably the current ringtone is quiet itself... first try another ringing tone.... if that does not work try this... if ur ringtone is a famous song or something that can be downloaded after u download it to ur compt. record it to ur phone but make sure that ur PC volume is high too... so set the recorded music as the ring tone.. this should work... hope this helps... good luck... :o)Try a different ring tone. I used to have this cool frog noise but I couldn't hear it when the phone was in my purse, that's how quiet it was.  Different tones might be louder.To turn up your cell you press the volume button up.
For an easy way do a web search for WinTV by Hauppauge.. . I bought sone of their USB TV tuners for my laptop and it worked a dream.. . Alternatively you can get TV tuner cards for desktop machines.. . Edit: There is no monthly payment required.you need to buy a tv cardIf your in the UK you have to make sure you have a valid television licience though
Which model are you talking about, and what is the problem with the Din plug? Some DIN plugs are soldered in while others are just crimped on, others are connected directly to a circuit board. If there are wires coming out of the DIN plug it would be easy to splice a new one in. IF there is any soldering involved you better be good!You have what is called a slave unit.  The best way to repair is to replace the bent piece.  Check with Raido Shack for parts.  Takes some time soldering, but it's up to you to place the price on time.
look at the manufacturers web site ..It will have the relavent infoThe SLVR L6 does NOT have iTunes. It's just a phone.. . The SLVR L7 has iTunes.
im pretty sure the main difference here is size.. . compact flash cards are pretty big and bulky and were used mainly in older camera's.. . SD cards are much smaller and compact.. . So, if your camera says its sd, then you will only be able to use sd in it.No it will not work.  Compact Flash (CF) is larger and not compatible with Secure Digital (SD).The two chips have the same memory, but different shape and aren't compatible.The difference is Compact Flash and Secure Digital.  Two different formats/sizes.first is for mobile, next is for pc
Actually, pressing the button harder increases the surface area available to conduct electricity through the circuit, when there is a very low level of electricity available, pushing the button harder will often cause the device to function properly. Other than that, I blame it on human nature.I think it is out of frustration, or maybe that slim to none chance that it might give us one last bit of life. Probably alot out of laziness too, cuz we don't want to get up to change the channel or the batteries. LOLSomehow we think that baterries will magically appear that wayFor the same reason we frantically click with a mouse and repeatedly hit "Enter" when the internet is not working :)
The normal way is using itunes. But if you are using Linux tehre is an application called "GUI for iPod using GTK2 (gtkpod)" that will help you to add songs to your new ipod.Under itunes. You have to go through itunes for all your dowloading for your ipod.itunes....it should have come with an i-tunes cd.......to install it with.. . then use limewire and drag the downlaoded songs onto ur itunes folder.You should make sure you have a computer first. Then open itunes and put all your songs there. When you plug in your ipod via the usb cable it will automatically update the songs from your media library.. If not choose the option.Through iTunes u can put songs on your iPod.upload the song thru itunes and plug the ipod to the computer. walladepends on your ipod? go into itunes on your comp. plug in you ipod click and drag the song or songs to the ipod on the left margine(where your lists are.)onto your ipod.Put a cd on top of the iPod.. Smash the cd with a hammer until the songs are firmly embedded.
I think you will get answer following this link below-The ABC layout is the same used on standard phones. In the "old days" when they used to actually "dial" a number instead of "press" a number they called the first few numbers by letter codes that corresponded to the numbers on the keys, and the whole system was simply put into place on mobile phones to be used as a whole keyboard.
hey dear u can upload images to the handset using a data cable called DKU 5 cable thats easily available in the market. all u need is to connect the cable to the computer and install nokia pc suite. this pc site helps u load images as well as ringtones to ur phone with a ease and then u can send the images as u like by mms or sms as u feel.through wap
maybe becouse the person you took the driving test with doesnt like you. heheeither u are underage or have poor eye sightmaybe your not old enough...or you cant drive...you stink at it...their are so many possible answersMaybe cuz ur asian and ur parents don't want you to kill anyonemental problemdo u have a license?probably because you are not old enough.First you have to be at least 16 and have gone through schooling and behind the wheel training...then you have to pass the DMV test, but I am sure you already know that.because you cantprobably b/c you can't distuingish between cars or car-related activities and televisions.
You can't. You have to redownload them on your new phone.bluetoothif you have a usb connector for both phones you can use your computer and a program called bitpim. check to see if your phone is supported by the program. . or go to this site mbuzzy.com upload your songs and games pics then send them to the other phone. . . if not use bluetooth or re-download them to the new phone.... good luckit depends on the phones and ur service provider usually u do it thorgh bluetooth or infared
For mobility, I suppose. Those phone cables were always getting in the way and we had to come up with a reliable means of quick communication other than CB radio.Because telephone cords were'nt long enough.
They add a full body sound. If you don't add some form of bass to a stereo system, all you will hear are the highs like glass breaking, but you won't hear the lows like a car door slamming.my family has a subwoofer for our home theater and it's a good addition for a couple of reasons. . . you really feel the deep sounds in movies(planes going overhead, horses running etc. ). . In a stereo system, I love it because you can hear all of the bass guitar through the subwoofer. Often, the bass cannot be heard amoung the rest of the music from a band. When you have a subwoofer, you WILL hear the bass. I know my family has really enjoyed listening to the Dave Matthews Band because the bass can get lost in some songs. But it sounds AMAZING through the sub. . . . Hope this helps!
on some message boards, the last response to a question gets the question bumped up to the top to keep the question alive.. . Happens a lot on gaming forums.It just "bumps" the message back to the top of the list of messages.It means someone posted again just to bring the topic to the top of the list.
You need to locate the folder in which all your ipod photos are in. Find the folder and then delete which ever ones you want to get rid of. Then open up Itunes and update your ipod. They should be gone.You can connect the Ipod to the computer, open the Ipod file where it shows all what you have on it , and then delete it on the computer , right click a file and delete.
Sounds like you have a motorola unlocked phone maybe...  but yeah the unlocked vs locked is no difference.  they are the same. motorolas have a bad history for bad signal.take it to your local phone shop for unlocking ,it doesnt cost much ,and they do it while you waitYou can unlock your phone easily using online services like http://www.cell-unlock.com for about $25. However, from what you are describing, it sounds like your phone is unlocked but needs to be flashed in order to work correctly. To flash your phone, go to http://www.planetmotox.net and use the instructions there to flash with an unbranded firmware. Once your phone is flashed, you shouldn't get these messages any more.. . The reason I say that your phone is probably already unlocked is that you aren't receiving the "Enter Subsidy Password" message that is displayed if you have a locked phone used with a different SIM card.There is no difference in the usage of locked and unlocked phones an unlocked phone can just be used on any network with any sim card while a locked phone can only be used on a certain network. If you are getting a bad signal you may have just bought a damaged phone
So that people who use these items without looking at them, either because they're blind or they just do it without looking, can find the center.  On a computer number pad or adding machine for instance, I use those without looking so before I begin I make sure I have my middle finger on the 5, that way I always know where I am and which direction to move for the number I want.It's to assist the visually impaired (BLIND).It is a typing aid.  You can tell where your hands are on the keys without looking.. . Look at the F and J keys on your keyboard.  Same thing.It's a finger massagerIf you mean the little bump, it's an easy center finder, like the home keys (f and j) on the keyboard.  helps you find what you're looking jfor if you aren't able to really look.It's a central reference for blind people.
you can use windows media player 10 it supposed to be plug and play for basically all mp3 players other than ipod.you need a card to store the information on first. smart oneNot all Mp3 players have cards to store it on, genius.. You'd have to get the cd to install bcuz it organizes the files transfering in and out your mp3 playerwhatever type of manufacturer it is go to the web site you can download the stuff u need from there...if this didn't help email me i think i can help u further with more information...actually no you don't need a cd to organize or whatever.. All you need to do is open my computer if you have windows and when you plug the usb cord with the mp3 player connected, it will show something along the lines of external hard drive, or external drive(*insert some letter*) or something to that effect.  All you have to do from there is drag the music you wish to put into your mp3 player into its folder and that is all
An HDTV set is a set capable of receiving High Definition broadcast signals, it however, is not able to decode them by itself, it needs a decoder box such as the ones your local cable or satellite operator provides. An HDTV-Ready tv is the same type of tv as the previous one but it already contains an HDTV decoder built into its circuitry. This type of tv is kind of like a plug-and-play device, if you live in an area where HD signals are brodcasted by your local tv station, you can just plug an HD ready antenna to receive off air signal without having to pay for a set-top box.. . Hope that helpsHDTV's are equiped with the box to receive the HD signal. HDTV ready are not equiped with this box and it must be purchase seperatly. They retail for about $500.HDTV means it has a built-in OTA (Off The Air) HDTV Tuner.  This means the set can, typically with antennae, tune in any HDTV programming you have floating around on your local air waves (if any).  If you live in the boonies, these are essentially worthless unless you have a BIG antennae. :-)  However, in a city you could be able to pick up potentially quite a few HD channels.. . HDTV Ready means the tuner is not in your unit.  HD formats can be rendered (1080i, 720p, 480p), but there is no tuner to receive them OTA.  If you want to watch OTA HD programming you will need to buy an external tuner.  This tuner will then plug into your HD Component Inputs in older HD sets, and in newer sets may plug into the HDMI / DVI port.  Some tuners have multiple output types.. . If you plan on receiving your HD content from the cable company, DirectTV, Dish, Voom, etc. then this is a non-issue.  Using one of those providers means you need their box.  It used to be in the old days this meant you would then only consider the HD sets w/o tuners so you could save a few bucks.  These days the price of the tuner doesn't greatly affect the overall price of the unit.. . The recent development and exception to this is if you are using a Cable Company HD and it is a standard service (non-premium), then newer HD's with QAM tuners built-in can actually watch cable HD channels without a box!. . So what does all this mean?. . - if you live in an area with decent OTA HD programming, get a set with a tuner built in if you can.. - if you plan on using cable, first check with cable company to see if QAM will work. If so, try to get a set with QAM tuner support.  This will save you the box rental fee per month.  However, if you want premium channels for that set you'll probably still need the box.. - if you plan on using DirectTV, Dish, Voom, etc. then HDTV vs. HDTV-Ready has no real impact on you.. . The bottom line is the tuner is a relatively unimportant and cheap part compared to a good HDTV.  Don't let the tuner or lack of make the decision for you.  Other considerations like raw tech LCD vs. DLP vs. Plasma and what works best for you are far more important.  Go with what looks great and fits within your budget before anything else.
Well cool would half to mean Ipod so probably a 1 GB nano.a 1gb SONY walkman mp3. They are cool and not so expensive. I love their software, is really easy to manage.
no where.a lot of places help you do that, you just have to sign up for service.. . You can get some phones for free directly from the carrier's website.. . Although, some stores have better deals.some stores like t-mobile have them, if you get the service for like a year, just look around
pause it in then hold the pause button until it goes to a black screen. once on a black screen lock it so it don't get turned on until u want it toThrow it against the wall and stomp on it a few times. That'll stop it...permananently.puase it then hold it down for a few seconds until it turns off.pause it, then press the pause button for like 5 seconds.just turn your ipod off
Some cameras have it, but if yours doesn't, it would be pretty hard to add. You need to practice composing your pictures by imagining the lines are there. Like when you drive. You know where the pedals are, without seeing them. And you don't stare at the lines on the road. You know after a while where they are.Depends on what camera you are using.  Some DSLRs allow you to change the focusing screen.  You should also check your manual to see if you can get the lines shown in LCD/viewfinder.. . If your camera does not have the above option, you could always draw the lines yourself on a sheet of LCD protector and apply that to the LCD instead of drawing on the LCD itself.
goto sony website and look for 'support and dwonloads' sectionAs stated try Sony on line. . . Also I think there is a site called manuals.com.....Go to the SONY website and type in the model number in their Search area. They should have a PDF of the manual.
mag particles on plastic strip,elec signal line particles up,pickup head magnifies signal-sound & voice. check out tvradiomuseum (in ny)The tape contains magnetic particles (iron oxide) which, in an unrecorded tape, are distributed in a random manner across the tape.. . To record on the tape it passes at a constant speed past a recording head.. . The recording head is an electro-magnet.  The audio signal to be recorded is fed to this electro-magnet which produces an electromagnetic field which varies with the audio signal - it converts the electrical signal into a magnetic signal.. . The magnetic field makes the magnetic particles in the tape change their positions and they get bunched together more or separated more depending on the signal at any moment.   They form a magnetic copy of the electromagnet's signal. . . To play back the recording the tape is passed by another head, the playback head., which is very much like the recording head but it works in reverse.. . When the magneic copy on the tape passes it, the changing magnetic field in the head is converted to an electrical signal again.  It is (should be ! ) a copy of the original signal which was sent to the recording head. The signal is amplified and sent to earphones or a loudspeaker.they stopped working in 1995They use magnatized strips on which the music or other audio is stored and read from.The tape has iron oxide particles on a plastic coating when it passes the record head of the machine magnetic impulses arrange the particlae in a pattern that can be read when played over the same headwell I think that particles of light or sound are excepted on to the film and are read and produced in a hearable or seeable way
I saw it at the local Hastings a few years ago. They may still be selling .hack stuff.Because Wal-Mart or Target wouldn't have any idea what they were selling.  Even places like Gamestop or EB Games wouldn't carry hacked game units.  Partly because it would hurt their sales and partly because it aids in things like piracy.  So, to avoid those touchy issues, chain stores avoid these items.maybe because its old, it came out years ago.They do sell it in stores.  I got part one from a retaill location.  However, the series was overpriced, and contained too many parts.  Many places stopped carring it after the second one.  In the United States it simply wasnt popular and stores were relecutant to order it because the earlier parts did not sell.  Therefore, only places on the internet have bothered to do so.  You can still find copies in stores that sell used games.
1. Check the format of your music files.. 2. Check your phone's firmware.try via pc suit
Because the inventors did WAY too many drugsBluetooth is the name given to the standard for the way devices communicate with each other. So any device that can communicate using that standard is considered a bluetooth device.
In the simplest terms, when using an S(ingle) L(ens) R(eflex) camera, what you see, is what you shoot.  You see exactly what the lens sees.. . This is on top of the obvious answers of assorted lens, variable shooting modes (and manual ones so you are not simply stuck with "presets").Because you're looking straight through the camera, therefore what you see is what you get.FULL CUSTOM CAPABILITY. YOU CAN CONTROL NEARLY EVERYTHING.An SLR camera is fitted with a mirror system that enables you to have a clear and accurate view of what you are shooting, but they do not show you exactly the image you will get:. . - most camera viewfinders only show 90 to 95% of the field covered by the film/sensor. Only pro cameras viewfinders show 100%. Manufacturing perfectly aligned mirrors is quite costly.. - depth of field is not rendered accurately except for some cameras that have a preview button. . That said, SLRs have lots of other advantages : . - A (aperture), S (speed) priority shooting or full manual modes (plus 'programs' for the entry level ones). - more frames per second in burst mode. - personalized functions and custom controls. - interchangeable lenses for more versatility. - accurate and fast autofocus. Possibility for manual focus that is often lacked by compact cameras. Better AF working range, several AF sensors.. - better flash exposure modes, possibility to use external flashes.. - possibility to reach higher ISOs (film or digital). - high end cameras are weather proof and very sturdyYou don't have to contend with the annoying problem of parallax error when you are close to your subject, as was the case with range finder cameras.
When I first set mine up, they told me it was a real generic number....I think it was 0000 or 0001.  I had to use it so my Razor would talk to my Bluetooth headset--hope that helps!eat it
Get a "Privacy Block" on your phone so that the phone will not ring unless the person states who they are.  The phone will then ring -- you can pick up and hear who is calling-- then decide to answer.  If you do not answer, they simply get the message, "This number did not pick up the phone, call again later," or something to this extent.. . They do not know that you picked up the phone, heard who, and then hung up.block the caller adding him to your block list or something.
Go to this site:. http://www.xs4all.nl/~reneslkh/canoncam2pc/. . and download CanonCam2PC.  It works with most Canon cams and is a great FREE program (it doesn't transfer video files, just pictures).I'm guessing your laptop is new enough to have one or more USB ports, and you got a digital (not film) Canon.  The easiest way to download photos, IMHO, is to buy a card reader for the type of memory card the camera uses. Just turn off the camera, take the memory card out of the camera and put it into the reader, and plug the card reader into a USB port. The card reader acts like a "thumb drive" when plugged in, so there's no need to  hassle with special camera drivers or software.Use USB (from camera to PC) and then upoad the pictures to a specified folder.. . Assuming you have the correct driver and are using WinXP.  Good luck!
Depends on the game.i have one and i dont think u can or u might need a memory cardsome times games automaticaly save and some games u press start and there should be a spot that says save then press that. then push the power button on top.It depends on the game.  Sometimes it saves when you change levels, sometimes you can only save at certian points in the game, sometimes you can save it at anytime from the start menu.  To shut off your DS, hold the power button down for about 1 second.I suggest finding the largest rock you can find and inserting it into the cheap plastic facia at high velocity.  I find this always helps.
If your camera phone has Bluetooth, what you could do is get a Bluetooth USB Adapter to send the computer files from the phone.  Providing your phone model would be more helpful though.You could just upload it through your provider's Internet.  If your phone had bluetooth and camera, you should be able to access the web.  Once it's on the provider's website, you can download it to your computer.  Just make sure the plan you have doesn't charge you casual usage to access the web and load pictures.
who do you think owns Microsoft, and has the ownership of Windows??he created alot of the computer software that is used by everyone today. Like microsoft!i found this site hope it helps you out!!! :]He is the co-founder of Microsoft, (maker of Windows, X Box, etc.)He made something that no one else had made and eventually everyone wanted to useHe figured out how to make dummies (like myself) do difficult operations buy simply clicking on a little colorful icon. I hated PC lessons at high school, I never understood all the codes (I'm talking about DOS) and I swore that once I'd gotten out of there I'd never ever touch a PC and here I am doing my grocery on-line, editing my holiday pics, writing letters and making phone calls. And I still don't have a clue what things mean in an HTML code. That's how he got rich :)
iPOD is the best gagdet ever. U can listen to thousands of songs, record hours of lectures (additional hardware), store thousands of digital pictures (photo ipod) and download video too (video ipod). U can even hook it up to the home theatre and enjoy its faboulous equilizer.. . Its all fun :)An IPOD is an overpriced digital music player that sucks you in to buying expensive accessories.It is the best portable music system in the world the lowest amount of space is 512MB and that holds 120 song it rocks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The Ipod is the coolest MP3 player on the planet.  It has great sound and all other MP3 players wish they were an Ipod.The iPod is a brand of portable digital media player designed and marketed by Apple Computer. Devices in the iPod family provide a simple user interface designed around a central scroll wheel (with the exception of the iPod shuffle). The standard iPod model stores media on a built-in hard drive, while the smaller iPod shuffle and iPod nano use flash memory. Like most digital audio players, an iPod can serve as an external data storage device when connected to a computer.best mp3 player period!An ipod is an electronic that plays music. How could you not know that!!!!!!!!Some piece of over-priced junk stupid people are buying.A small container for cupping the iris of your eyeball...
I found mining making something and than hand selling it works decently. Maybe cooking... Or look up one of the many sites with google or something.hackMine Iron and sell it 100ea
you should try yahoo photo. it gives u 3 options for sending pictures and if u e mail them, your friend can select the speed of the slide show or just view all the pics at one time.try using yahoo photos.  download your photos in yahoo photos and share it with your friends.  another ways is using MS Powerpoint.  Save it as slideshowPut them on a picture site like yahoo pictures and then email the link.  Here is a link to a slide show I did of some art of mine. . . http://pg.photos.yahoo.com/ph/eamcgovern/slideshow2?.dir=/da6f&.beg=0&.src=phyou can try sending them as a powerpoint file.goe imageshack.com and sign up iit is free than just follow the directions to make adlide show and then when you are finish addin the picture the have thing foryou to put it into you email.
:( I'm too sorry to hear that, here's what I do when I shut my PSP Disk tray. U know the OPEN button on the top, I hold that. Insert my UMD, but I don't shut it, Sony says that's not the proper way of shutting it. Push the tray into place then release the OPEN button.take it back in and get a new oneIt's broken - go get it fixedYou must cast the "lightning bolt" spell at it
An ohmmeter does have a DC supply (commonly a 1.5V cell or a 9V battery) and does send a small current through the circuit under test. The resulting current or voltage drop is then measured and displayed as a calibrated resistance reading in ohms.. . WKIT has nothing to do wit voltage.resistance of a given value is use to control the current in a circuit,that requires a safe load to a component.Usually in mil.amps,the analogue or digital ohm meeter measures the colour bands that signifies the resistance code,that lets you know watt the resistance is required for a circuit to work properly.SAY  the resistance is 220 ohms,and you get a reading of 90 ohms then it is defective,if the reading is 4000 ohms then there is to much resistance to cur-ent,the curcuit is at default.Replacing the resistor is reguired. ect...
I have never heard of an MP4 player, but an mp3 is a type of sound file. So is an mp4. Usually, mp3 players, such as iPods, can play mp4's.i never heard of a mp4 player.
To find out if your family and friends are "IN".. Follow the link below..https://www.vtext.com/customer_site/jsp/messaging_lo.jsp. . then just hit the tab with "Are you in"It is verizon.com
Screwless panel. Look at bottom of screen! little hole. Gently pull pannel.Take it to the nearest Alltel (or whatever service provider you have)representative and let them do it for you.  That way if it gets damaged its on them and they will have to replace it.
I've got the same MP3 player and didn't have any problems with organising files using the software provided.  Have you tried the Creative web site as there are plenty of downloads available? It could be that there's something up with your software.I dont have the software for photo micro, but I am sure the software u have is fine,.Did u go 2 HELP?
go on itunes and right click and then press delete.  after that update it.  you have to have the ipod plugged in the computer in order to do thisPlug it into itunes, right click and clear.Well, I'd need your IPOD first before I could delete anything off of it.. . But, if YOU wanted to delete something off of your IPOD, get ITUNES from Apple and plug the IPOD into your computer and ITUNES will find it, allow you to delete and repopulate it and charge it and be all happy with it and blah blah blah.Connect your Ipod to your computer with the USB cable. Open Itunes and uncheck the songs you don't want anymore. They will still stay in Itunes (in case you want them in your Ipod again) but Itunes will update your Ipod so that they are no longer in your music files stored there.Take a sledge hammer and wam!! there ya go totaly formated.Throw your iPod away. Simple as that.Well, I can't delete songs from your iPod but you can...When iTunes recognizes it, you can browse through your songs, and delete the ones you want removed. If they are from your library on iTunes, then they won't be erased from your computer, but if you have it on your iPod, and not iTunes, when you delete it...it's gone.
If you are in the US you can buy a 12v DC convertor at Big Lots stores or at most electronics stores. You can also buy them on eBay.Hey there,. I'd just use a transformer and a diode, but it's probably more complex than thatYou would have to wire an interposing relay 120Vac onto the motion detector then supply your 12Vdc camera through one of the relay contacts.. The motion detector must give you a switched 120Vac output i'm assuming... Connet this 120Vac to the relay coil then the other side of the coil to neutral. Every time the motion detector activates, the relay will energise.. Supply one of the contacts (Common) with 12Vdc from your battery and take the supply for your camera from the Normally Open contact of the relay then back from your camera to -Ve. . Sorted.you'd probably be best off look a opto-isolator circuits, these will keep the high power circuit away from the low power. one, but it will still be able to control it using a LDR on the low power circuit that will turn it on when the bulb on the high power circuit is turned on.You can get a converter at your local electronics store. it will look like a cell phone charger . Trick is finding the proper connector for the camera. They sell adaptors for those to.
*67 and then the phone number you are dialing. It is a free service. You will show up on peoples caller id's as "Restricted"*67 then the area code then the number or *67 then 1 and the area code and number.*67really?  i thought it was *76.. . maybe that's just for cingular?
lcd small. plasma large. price and pic quality @ distanceplasma are really good and expensive too in comparision with lcd. if u have the large room then u can have plasma. if u have a small room or u watch it from near it'll be good to have lcd tv. I prefer LCD.
download DVIXMedia in DVD format should open in Windows Media Player, if that is what you mean.. . Kaaza and Limeware are programs by which you can download files in DVD format.. . To watch movies in DVD, you need a DVD player installed into your computer, like the CD player is.just buy a DVD playerkazaa or limewire
Ah yes, the 'Sounds of Thunder' track - I downloaded that one too. It is quite loud isnt it? It is a good track apart from the middle eight - which is a bit dull.. Delete it if you dont like it.Stop smoking all that marijuana.
The ac unit wont circulate air as affective as a fan will.  Circulating the air will while the ac is on at the start will allow the mass of the air to be more consistently cooled.. . When you first fire up a fan the air that is currently in the room is not "mixed up" good, when the fan mixes it up it feels as if the ac unit is not working properly.. . You can actually save energy by using a fan due to a more constant air temp keeping your thermostat at an average temp instead of varying temps because of stale air.warm air rises to the top and cold air sinks.  so it's colder at ground level. if the room fan is on, it stirs up the air thus mixing the warm and the cold air. the general effect will be that of a slightly warmer environment. of cause there is also the heat generated from the fan motor.. but the thermostat will eventually brings the temperature back to its original level albeit you'll feel colder now cos of the cold wind.You are cooling a larger volume of air.More hot air mixing with cool! Good Luck!
It's not a puke code, it's a PUK code. (pin unlocking key)  It is a number specifically assigned to your sim card.  You have to call customer service to get it.  Cingular's customer service number is 800-331-0500.a code for overiding your sim card pin.get it from network provider
itunes is a good software for this.  Many people don't know, but itunes is a free mp3 converter, if you know how.  You have to go into the settings and click on the advanced tab, click on the sub-tab importing, and change the AAC encoder to mp3 encoder)  open any file in itunes, convert it by right clicking, and it will make a mp3 file of that in the itunes folder.by encoding them. try cnet search audio for mp3 encoder, also real player windows media player, itunes will do it as well.did the MP3 player come with any software. because there might be a converting program on there. or you can try to search the Internet for a converter.just type in MP3 converter in yahoo or what ever search site you use.
Check the manual for your headset. That is where mine was.it's probably 0000. if not and its a Motorola device, call 1-877-moto-blu
Rather than trying to get the scratches you made on your IPOD earlier, next time why don't you try to remember to be more careful with your ipod. Right now, there is no way to get the scratches off. The scratched look IS pretty cool sometimes tho. =) for a guy.You buy a new one :)
Twenty Questions, it's a game.  And I honestly can't stump it.20q's? i had no idea u were the one that asked that question!. o well, bumble bee and other stuff i forgot
don't know, i have one too, and i use Infrared to take mp3 from other phones! Good question, hope smb will know a better answer than me cause i need to know this too!You have to convert the mp3 file to an aac file.By downloading from wapsites or sending mp3 ringtones to your phone via infrared or cable.by:. bluetooth. infra red. datacable. memory card. if u have gprs connection transfer by that.             thats are the only options available
If its an iPod then just upload via iTunes.. . If it is UMS compatible then you can just drag and drop files into it when it is connected.. . If it is MTP compatible then you have to upload via Windows Media Player 10.which mp3 player do you have?Upload it using a universal serial bus. The computer recognises it as a removable disk.It depends...what kind do you have? It should have a little thing that you can connect to the computer. Also, download iTunes or some program that will hold music for you. It makes it loads easier. Connect your mp3 player to your computer with the adaptor and your computer should detect it. From there, it depends on what kind of mp3 player you have. I hope this helps some.
"Line out" is a clean output, at a fixed volume used to connect your mp3 player to a stereo (usually) that has its own amplifier.  If you connect the stereo to the headphone jack, you run the risk of having the volume too high or too low, causing unwanted noise.  Normally, you would not use this for headphones, although they will work, but you cannot change the volume.  I never use mine, except to connect the MP3 player to my surround sound system."Line out" is a stereo output that is used for connection to an external system. So, for example if you want to connect it to an amplifier with speakers you'd use the "line out". It's not really for headphones...there should be a separate headphone jack for your headphones...but check your manual to be sure. . . If you do want to do any of this you'll probably need a stereo mini-jack to stereo RCA-type cable. Your local Radio Shack can help you find the right cable to do the job.It's probably a line level output.  You can think of it as an attenuated headphone jack with a fixed output rather than a variable output (meaning it will be at its loudest regardless of the volume setting on your player).  With the right cable/adapter, you could use this output to hook your player up to a stereo using the stereo's CD or TAPE input, but understand you would adjust the volume with your stereo's volume control or remote, not with the player.  You can bring the player with you to a Radio Shack and they'll fix you up with the proper cable/adapter (they're not very expensive).It's either for your headphones/another pair of headphones, or can go to a stereo, maybe, but highly unlikely to be the port to your computer.
First of all you have to be English. J.K. Rowling will only let English born actors in her movie adaptations. If you're Enlgish then you'd have to audition. I'm sure they do casting calls in Great Britain.sleep w/ emma watson LOLtry to go to the casting studio.
If you are talking yahoo not sure. But you can always disable by right clicking on your tool bar and unchecking enable.You have to go into "control panel" and then go to "add/remove software."  Find the pop-up blocker software taht you have and select it, then click "remove."
It totally depends on the company you are using.  You need to contact your cell phone company and ask them since you have to add some specific URL's of the company and in some cases like mine you also need some passwords. Some companies have in their web pages a step-by-step illustrated instructions for every model they sell.There are specific models in every brand that support MMS. So firstly you need MMS capable models. Only the MMS capable models can receive and send MMS.. . For these models that are MMS enabled you dont need any specific acts to do. Some cell phone service providers require MMS use registration.. . Once all the above are met MMS sending is by just snap, click, select, send......... . Happy MMSingdpends on what network are u using, and the location. youre from the philippines right?Ur service provider is in the best position to answer this question. Talk to them the can give ur phone automatic configuration.IF you have messed with any of the media settings on the phone you could just need to take it in to a local store or call 611  to have them give you the correct settings. Or if it is not your setting you might not have the correct features or pay per uses provisioned on your account. Your best bet is to take it to your local store so they can narrow down the problem.You have to call your service provider.
It is not possible for the general public to have access to this facility.. The closest thing to it is a tracker, for use on motor vehicles, they use the system to pinpoint the whereabouts of a vehicle within 1 metregoogleMaybe locatecell.com has a service for that, you can see call logs with it at least >_>You can't unless there is a GPS unit in the phone and you've subscribed to have that GPS active.
Depends on what software you are using to add the music.  In I-tunes you just select the device click on the music you want to delete and press the delete key.Remove the song from the library, that should do the trick.open up itunes and uncheck the songs you dont want. then plug in your ipod and it will automatically update.Go to the itunes in your computer....connect the ipod to the computer....and you can delete it off there once the ipod is read by the computer
readable. read/writable. ...beyond that is just a guess from meDVD-r you can only record onto the disk once. DVD+r never heard of it probably the same as above. DVD-RW you can rerecord onto the disk multiple times. DVD+RW never heard of it probably same as DVD-RWdvd-r and dvd+r you can record on once only, dvd-rw and dvd+rw you can record on limitless times. the difference between -r/rw and +r/rw is simply the format, like betamax and vhs. they do the same thing but the format is different.the difference between - and + are two different brands who produced similar DVD technology.  the "R" means "read", as in your drive can only read DVD.  RW is Read/Write, as in your drive will read or write (make) data to a blank DVD.. . There is also a symbol which I can't type, but it is a + above a -   which means the DVD drive will do either + or - technology.RW means re writer usually, well the other is just a writer.  Not sure about the dashes and pluses though. Ask someone at a computer shop.they are just dirrent formats. rw stands for rewritable, so they can be written to, and erased many times. r can only be recorded to once. the + and - is just a formatting, some burners only work with +r and +rw, but most work with both.DVD-r is a DVD that you can burn, and DVD-rw is rewriteable, so you can burn something on it more than once.DVD stands for Digital Versatile/Video Disc, DVDR stands for DVD Recordable and DVDRW for DVD ReWriteable. If you're familiar with regular audio/music CDs or regular DVD-Video discs, then you will know what a recordable DVD looks like. A recordable DVD stores up to 2 hours of very good quality DVD-Video, including several audio tracks in formats like stereo, Dolby Digital or DTS and also advanced menu systems, subtitles and still pictures that can be played by many standalone DVD Players and most computer DVD-ROMs. If you choose to lower the video quality it is possible to store several hours video on a recordable DVD using low bitrates and low resolution with video quality more like VHS, SVHS, SVCD, CVD or VCD. It is also possible to have up to 4.37* GB ordinary data or mix DVD-Video and data on a recordable DVD that can be played by most computer DVD-ROMs.. . There are three competing DVD Recording standards, DVD-R/DVD-RW and DVD+R/DVD+RW have pretty similiar features and are compatible with many standalone DVD Players and most DVD-ROMs while DVD-RAM has less DVD Player and DVD-ROM compatibility but better recording features.. . DVD-R and DVD-RW. DVD-R was the first DVD recording format released that was compatible with standalone DVD Players.. DVD-R is a non-rewriteable format and it is compatible with about 93% of all DVD Players and most DVD-ROMs. . DVD-RW is a rewriteable format and it is compatible with about 80% of all DVD Players and most DVD-ROMs. . DVD-R and DVD-RW supports single side 4.37 computer GB* DVDs(called DVD-5) and double sided 8.75 computer GB* DVDs(called DVD-10).. These formats are supported by DVDForum.. . DVD+R and DVD+RW. DVD+R is a non-rewritable format and it is compatible with about 89% of all DVD Players and most DVD-ROMs. . DVD+RW is a rewritable format and is compatible with about 79% of all DVD Players and most DVD-ROMs.. DVD+R and DVD+RW supports single side 4.37 computer GB* DVDs(called DVD-5) and double side 8.75 computer GB* DVDs(called DVD-10).. These formats are supported by the DVD+RW Alliance.
The batteries are part of the film pack. When you put in new film you automatically get new batteries.WITH A HAMMERYou don't. It is in the film.
Because calls are handled by local radio transceivers, which can communicate with each other and with switching stations by land lines or directed microwave transceivers.  So, the overall structure of the network is lots of small areas coordinated together by the overall structure, like cells in a living organism, thus the terms "cellular network" and a "cellular phone".   This was shortened to "cell phone".each antenna has it's own cell or reception area.The mobile phone system works on the concept of dividing areas into small cells. Each base station covers a particular group of cells. For simplicity a large area is divided into a group of 7 hexagonal cells and this is repeated throughout the coverage area.cell being short for cellular. . also cause americans are crazycause the net that provides the coverage of the phone is devided to cells, which are powered by stations.It's short for cellular,in Ireland they are called mobile phonesShort for 'cellular telephone', its because they they split up the city into cells - looks kinda like a honeycomb, each cell is about ten square miles. Each cell has a base station, and thats where you'll get your signal from.our mobile phone is called a "cell" phone coz, the system used for mobile communication-- GSM works on an architecture called cellular architecture.so "cell" word came from a part of this system called a cell.....
The 1st Ipod became so popular because at the time it was the first MP3 player ever to offer that much storage (at that time micro hardrives of even a few GB had never really been used like this) with such a great interface had never been done before. At that time their was nothing else like it. And to keep up with all the copycats apple has made it sleeker and continued to make the interface and whole experience an icon. At this point it doesn't matter what the competition has an Ipod is just the thing to have untill someone else can truly top the look and ease of use of the Ipod parried to Itunes.They look cooler, sleeker, and has features and accessories. I have a iPod Video myself.ipod has some nifty gadgets.. you can hook it into a system that plays your mp3s on your car stereo (or any rental car), which also converts to a home boombox. great sound.actually, creative had before had larger capacity mp3 players,  way way before iPod was released in 2001 (i have the original one with the wheel that actually moved)  i suppose fad is one reason.  you hear everyone talking about nano's and "oh, i want a iPod" and not "oh, i want a creative"i love my nano....and im not sure about thatI don't know, i'm using a Q-BE. But I did have a 2GB Nano which was so cool. And thin! The 1st iPods were HUGE, don't know why they became so popular. I know you can fit a lot of songs on them but the battery life and size put me off.it's popular only because of the look of it and how much they advertise they're product on t.v. and they do alot of promotions on the internet as well. they do so much upgrade with it and they constantly change the look.
for dry cleaning, use an anti-static duster to dust lightly.  for wet cleaning, use anti-static lint-free cloth and wipe lightly with warm water.is a liquid or something specialPut a little water on tissue and wipe
A Retriever is usually Golden in colour and is a working dog whereas an amplifier is something used by Eddie Van halen .a (not an) receiver is an (not a) amplifier with a radio receiver built into it. an (not a ) amplifier is just that , an (not a )amplifier ......without the radio receiver in it.One receives the signal and the other amplifies the signal.receivers usually comes with a radio tuner and have your basic hook ups to speakers or vcr or dvd....amplifier do not come with radio. it does help boost the sounds of the speakers. a classic combo of a stereo system usually comes with bothe receiver and amplifier....from there if u want to get serious ..there's power amplifiers and pre amp ...equalizers and so on.....A reciever is what takes in the signal and converts to a sound wave frequency that we can hear (5kHz-20kHz). The signal recieved is in a digtal form sent from either a satelite, or an antenna that needs to be converted to analog wave. The Amplifiier end is there the increase the intensity of the sound.
It could mean a couple of things.  If you entered into the agreement in NYC, and you have a regional plan that only covers the local NYC area, then it means you are out of your calling area and you will be charged more.  Or if you have a national plan with a local smaller cell phone carrier, not Cingular or Verizon or T-Mobile, it means you are on another carrier's network.it means you will probably pay a buttload of money if you use the phone while roaming.It basically means.. well let me give u an example... I have a nextel phone.. which means that if im on say a Verzion tower... im roaming.. thats all.. but you need to drop a line to ur provider.. and tell them that u aint in nyc any more.. taht you are in VT.. so tell them and they will help ya.. cuz you can rack up some major bills by roaming...roaming means that you are on another carriers cell tower.  You arent picking up a signal from your own carrier check you settingsRoaming is defined as the ability for a cellular customer to automatically make & receive voice calls, send & receive data, or access other services when travelling outside the geographical coverage area of the home network, by means of using a visited network.
you'll need a video out socket from your computer and a video or s-video connection on your TV. you then need to go to your display properties, settings and advanced. There you can set the resolution and other preferences from your video adaptor.Hi,. It depends on your laptop hardware, if your laptop has been produce within approx. last two year, may be it have a S.Video output port and you can connect it using a S-Video cable to your TV directly. Of course you should configure TV output on your laptop through Display Properties&#92;Settings&#92;Output Device in Windows OS.. Good Luck
Yup may need a video and a sound cable. Check you Plasma TV book first.one cable, but it depends on your hardware which cable you need. check your plasma cable for a vga connector (3 rows of pin holes, female, one bolt on each side.) If so, you can just get a monitor cable (female to male) and plug it directly in.. . If the TV doesn't have this, but has at least RCA jacks, you can go either s-video to rca (if you have an s-video out) or vga to rca. if you go vga to rca, then yes you will need another cable for sound.u need only one cable, i've done it many timesit depends on what kind of laptop
The Motorola V220, or any cell phone for that matter is not a toy for the amateur to disassemble and put back together. You disassemble it, and its broken. If it's already broken, throw it away.Note that you will void you warranty or whatever, but taking the v220 apart isn't that difficult.  It's not like you need a 300 level college course to dissasemble a cell phone without breaking it. Check link below.
You can't. All you can do is too rip music onto the Xbox from a CD. If you have the Xbox 360 you can stream music from your PC to your 360, but you still can't burn a CD from your 360 or Xbox.. . EDIT: Sorry, you're out of luck.you do not, its that simple.you cant i thought that too when i got an xbox.
creative lads mp3 players work just as well if not better than ipods. they dont break much at all. i personally think theyre the better buy.ipods won't break if you use a case like the iceframe, or some other kind of hard case. my friend has a dell mp3 player and in a short amount of time, the lcd screen went out, and the dell headphones has a short in them.PorlyI would definately go with the iPod, I bought one and I could have never gone wrong with my decision.
You can play a Xbox on 2 TVs. There's just a thing wrong with it. You can have two displays(TVs) but you can only have one source(output cable). Therefore you can do it, but you will see two of the same pictures on both TVs.If you are using HDTV, you will need a component video splitter.. . . If your are using regular (composite, yellow plug) Tv, youll need a Composite video splitter
go to the settings, then to connection, choose "bluetooth link, go to setup, make sure the the power is on, if not go to power and turn it on, then go back to the "bluetooth link" menu, and select "handsfree" Turn on your bluetooth headset, and select "look for devices" after a little bit it should find your device and ask you to connect. voala, your connected.Put it in the microwave for 3 hours.  always works for me.turn it on in connectivity
Try Videora, it's free. Works great for ipod and psp. Just do a search.get the PSP video 9. I think i can email it to u. . . its a free program, if u have a p2p transfer program(Morpheus, Limewire, Kaaza,etc)u should be able to get it off there
just rub it with soft sadklfjdfdsfjdkl. OKAY SONNNNNA BITCHHHHHKitchen roll and a dab of toothpaste and gently rub across the disc not round it. This will take out quite deep scratches.
DVDs aren't high def. You'll need to burn a HD DVD or Blue Ray Disc if you have access to such a burner and media and a player to play the resulting disc. Otherwise, you'll be stuck with miniDV or HD movie files on your PC for a while until HDDVD and BlueRay gets more popular.BLUE RAY IS ALMOST OUT.  WAIT.  AS FOR THE PINK SCREEN.  REGULAR DVD PROBABLY WONT WORK.  THERE MIGHT BE A WAY TO RECORD IN NON-HIGH DEF.  IF U FIGURE THAT OUT U CAN PUT IT ON A REGULAR BLANK DVD.
Repeating dialing means dialing the most previous number being dialed on that same phone.Repeat dialing is to dial again.It's basically auto redial and allows a user to press a code such as *66  the central office switch will continue to dial the number until the line you tried to call becomes available. You should receive a distinctive ring that notify's you that the busy line is available to accept a call. This is normally available on a charge per use basis or at a monthly rate as a service feature on your phone lineits when the phone will continue to try the number and when its no longer busy you get special ring cus the phone is auto connecting for you
SD cards(secure digital  cards) and MMC info are all here. http://www.geocities.com/romidar/mmcvssd.htm. . I would say both are good.SDs are cheaper and slightly more secure. MMCs are thinner. If your device can take both i suggest SDsMMC appears to have been introduced first.  SD uses same physical form factor but adds a small (tiny) slide switch on the side edge of the package allowing you to 'secure' your data (prevents recording/writing to the memory chip), by sliding it to the 'secure' position (away from the contact pins in my experience).
You must first download (transfer) the picture/s to you computer.. . ebay has instructions how to include a photograph in your advert.YOU CAN TRANSFER PICTURE TO YOUR COMPUTER FOLDER AND WHEN LISTING THE ITEM AT THE PLACE WHERE IT SAYS ADD PICTURE YOU CLICK BROWSE AND OPEN THE FOLDER WITH PICTURE AND CLICK ON YOUR PICTURE FILE YOUR PICTURE WILL BE LOADED DO THE SAME IF YOU WANT TO ADD MORE PHOTOS BUT YOU WILL PAY FOR ADDITIONAL PHOTOS FIRST PHOTO IS FREE
When you first extract the movie from the cam corder is it an uncompressed avi file.. which you need to convert to an MPEG 1 file.. . . Check out the following tutorials..connect the camcorder to your computer using the usb cable. once the camcorder is connected to your comp. a window will. appear with many options. open the folder 2 see what the camcorder contains . then save the movie u want to your comp. by either dragging it from the window 2 the desktop or by right clicking and selecting the save option. after its been saved insert a vcd/dvd in your comp. a window will appear again open the folder then drag your movie from the desktop to the vcd/dvd folder when it says. that its been saved u can take out the dvd/vcd and put it back in ur comp. to see if it works or u can try it on a dvd/vcd playerYOU MUST HAVE A CAPTURING DEVICE
The screws are under the rubber feet on the bottom. Also rub your finger over the sticker in the middle. They have hidden one there too.Try a Y keythere are 6 i think.....but don't do this, I did this with my first xbox (im on my second) but if you can't fix what's wrong X-BOX won't fix it cuz you opened it and tampered with ityou will need a torx screw driveryou take it and beat it on the ground until it opens.  VIOLAPick it up, and throw it down with all your might!!
you most likely can not but if you call Bob Carver he will talk with you..  He made his 350 watt when he was 17 now he is a genies but hes cool and does take calls if you have any audio ideasIt will cost you a lot more to build a mediocre amplifier than it would to buy a really good one.. . http://www.musiciansfriend.com/product/Live/Sound/Power/Amps?sku=481216If you're thinking of designing and building an analog audio amplifier, you better really know your sh*t. I don't think you do. Go on eBay. Millions of them for dirt cheap.
Bad sound board, bad headphones.  Man you got to give a little bit more info.you have speakers if not that is your problem or chck settings for sound?
The D/A drives the servo input of the actuator.. The 3-8 drives the raster sweep of the 7-segs.your question is not clear see it depends on the product that you are using but i would say it is simple dont worry think with little logic u would find solution by urself or post your question clearly
try their website or search online maybe google or somethingTry their web site. Oft-times you can download the manuals in pdf format. Good luck.Try the Panasonic website. Most manuals can be downloaded however you'll probably need Adobe software loaded on your computer. Also, check eBay.
because the number it hidden. some phones shows you "call 1" or something. it depends on the phone. so u are trying to make an empty call which is not possible, you must have the number to call itbecause it came in as private and not as an actual #!
I assume you live in this planet.On September 7, 2005, Apple announced the successor to the iPod mini, the iPod nano. Based on flash memory instead of a hard drive, the iPod nano is 0.27 inches (6.9 mm) thick, weighs 1.5 ounces (42 g), and is 62% smaller by volume than its predecessor, available in 1 GB (introduced on February 7, 2006), 2 GB, and 4 GB models. It has a 65,536 color display that can display photographs, and connects to a computer via USB 2.0. The headphone jack is located on the bottom. It retains the standard 30-pin dock connector for compatibility with third-party peripherals. The nano is the first dock connector iPod that cannot sync to any PC (Windows or Mac) via FireWire cable, though it can still be charged via a FireWire connection.. . The iPod nano has several features that would later be included into the fifth generation iPod. These features were new to the iPod operating system, including the addition of world clocks, a stopwatch, and a screenlock option. The world clock allows users to set the time in cities around the world, and set alarms for each time zone. The clocks can be set to adjust for Daylight Saving Time. The stopwatch feature allows users to press Start to start the timer, and the Stop button to stop. While the timer is on, the Start button changes to a Lap button that allows the user to time individual laps. The nano saves the user's stopwatch stats for multiple timing sessions, which is useful for comparing times. The screenlock option lets users set a four-digit passcode for their iPod, and once the screenlock is activated the only buttons that can be pressed are the skip forwards and backwards and the play/pause buttons. The click wheel is used to input the digits to the passcode. In the event that the passcode is forgotten and the user is locked out, the iPod can be plugged into the user's computer and the iPod will be unlocked.. . The iPod nano is available in white and black, in 1 GB (US$149), 2 GB (US$199) and 4 GB (US$249) models. There have been a number of complaints about the nano's screen being too soft, resulting in it becoming easily scratched or even cracking if put under too much pressure. The iPod body itself was also very delicate and can scratch easily. The surface is a soft plastic and normal use can easily damage the surface (and this seems to be more prominent on the black model than the white model). For this reason, Apple started to package both the nano and the fifth-generation iPods with soft fabric cloth carrying case which should help prevent scratches to the screen and body. The case does not allow access to the screen. Controls can be accessed but only with great difficulty.that person is completely wrong (jeffs hammer), ipod nanos do have screens, theyre just like the regular ipod but VERY small and VERY thin, with colored screens. i have one myself and mine holds about 1000 songs.  he's mistaking it with the ipod shuffle that has no screen.a small thin, mp3 player to play music on the go, while you're walking or doing something away from a stereo, and more compact than a cd player!IPOD Nano is a portable music player made by Apple. The "Nano" version is a very small player without a screen. It holds up to 120 songs. I'm looking at one right now!. . EDIT: To the guy above me, don't forget to cite where you copy and paste from!this is the smaller version of the hugely popular IPOD from APPLE CORPORATION INC.. THIS IS SMALLER IN DIMENSIONS . FOR MORE INFO, CHECK OUT THE ADDRESS BELOW:. http://www.apple.com/ipodnano/
A photocoupler is a LED and photodiode in a single package. If the LED is excited then the photodiode picks up the light and registers a signal. It is a one way device and it is used to electrically isolate two circuits.A photocoupler may also be called an optoisolator and there are many different versions of this device. They commonly have an LED on the input side but may use different types of devices for the output, depending on the application. Common ones include photodiodes, transistors, thyristors, or logic gates.. .    Some of the first versions of this device which I recall seeing used in guitar amps was a tiny incandescent bulb and a photoresistor. Eventually the lamp would burn out and if you were very careful you could actually replace it!. .    The photocoupler serves the same purpose in modern equipment as the nearly extinct magnetic relay which was so popular in past decades. It allows a low powered circuit to control a higher powered one and isolates the currents in the two circuits.. . WK
When you record your DVD's there should be an option to "finialize". This makes it so it can be read by all DVD players.. . Hope this helps and good luck :)There is probably some type of copyright on it that will not allow it to be copied, OR the format is not the same and will only play on certain DVD players OR perhaps something wrong with your DVD player.  OR maybe your discs are bad.You probably need to go into the menu on it and find something that says something similar to "close disc" or "finalize disc" while it's in the recorder.
Do yourself a favour get rid of your vcr. I just got so tired of cleaning mine every month.open the machine get a thin paper (onion skin, 3" x 3"), swab the paper on a paint thinner then slowly & turn the video head w/ the wet (pressed the paper lightly on the video head) these video head chips are fragile so be careful. When the paper lost its wetness damp it again do this 2 to 3 times. The purchase a video head cleaner spray it to the mechanism of your cassette that way you get rid of any accumulated dust & fungus.you can clean a VHS video tape with the smooth dowel and little bit of water
i noticed that.  and was amazed for about three minutes.  still amazes me.  because i haven't seen any other headphones do that.. cuz of what the guy above said.All earbuds and speakers have magnets in them.  The iPod earbuds just happen to have stronger magnets than other earbuds.
Along with the camera U would have got a USB cable(ifd it's a new PC), install the drivers for the Camera interface from the CD with the camera after connecting the USB cable. . Once the installation is done, you may use the cord to transfer Snapsby usbYou would need a usb cable or a firewire cable which should have came with the digital camera and most of the time your comuputer will auto install it.If the camera has a memory card, you can buy a memory card reader for next to nothing, then you can easily get the photo's from ur camera & put them on your computer. You can also take the memory card to a photo shop to get them proceesed, as well as doing zooming, croping, and editing pictures.
Get a "molly bolt" plastic anchor kit at the hardware store if the wall is sheetrock. Then you punch a small hole in the sheetrock with a phillips head screwdriver and tap the plastic anchor into the hole tightly. Insert the screw so that it protrudes enough to hang the clock on it. If there's a wooden wall stud directly behind where you want to hang something, you can just screw directly through the sheetrock into the wood stud and you don't need the plastic anchor insert.You hang it up like a picture, genius.
who knows?Probably refers to the sensor sensitivity/ISO setting.  Basically the higher the sensitivity/ISO, the less light you need to take pictures.  The tradeoff is that the higher you go on ISO the more noise is introduced to the image.  DSLRs with larger sensors normally work better at high ISO then compacts.This refers to the amount of light that is required to make a picture that is usable in terms of not being too noisy / grainy. The more sensitive the camera is, the less light will be required for an acceptable photo. It is best to simply light the scene properly when posible. Unfortunately in the real world this is not always possible.. . WK
LCD screens are very fragile, but the picture is great (I have a Sharp Aquos and I love it), they also cost less than plasma tvs. LCD stands for liquid crystal. There is no pixellation with an LCD or a Plasma.LCD TVs generally ranges at the lower end of screen sizes, while Plasma on the higher end.. A part from that, Plasma is prone to an effect called Burn-In, where some statis picture, e.g. broadcaster's logo, is permanently burned into the screen.. LCD in the other hand have a problem with Dead pixels, and Stuck Pixels, where pixels on the screen might be permenantly off, or lightened up. Though with better manufacturing processes today, it is reducing.. Also, Plasma generally consumes more power than an LCD screen.Plasma displays function differently than any other TV technology in that they actually produce light independently at each pixel on the screen, as opposed to projecting a separate light source through or off of other elements to conjure a picture. A plasma "screen" is actually a dense network of individual cells, three for each pixel of the display (coated with red, green and blue phosphors, respectively). Each cell is impregnated with a rare-gas mixture and connected to an individual electrode. When the electrode for a given cell is charged with an electrical voltage, the gas is converted to a plasma state and emits a burst of ultraviolet light; this in turn causes the phosphors to react and produce bright visible light at the pixel level. By varying the voltage and intensity of the electrical charge, the proper combination of red, green and blue light is produced in each pixel to combine into a bright, colorful composite image. Plasma TVs are available in sizes from about 40" up to 70"+, but be prepared for sticker shock as your size desires increase.. . Strengths. Obviously, plasma TVs are desirable for their sleek form factor — about 4" deep and wall-mountable, they're undeniably sexy. Furthermore, plasma produces a very bright image that can be viewed in a well-lit room, with superb color accuracy and saturation. It's a matter of opinion, but many videophiles regard plasma's color vibrancy as beyond compare among current technologies. Because the light is produced at the screen rather than projected onto it, focus is consistent and reliable across the entire screen surface, and plasma screens can be viewed from angles as severe as 160 degrees off-axis without detrimental effect. And plasma's accurate pixel structure produces a picture that is geometrically perfect from edge to edge and corner to corner, with uniform light output and a crisp, lifelike image.. . Considerations. Early plasma TVs got a bad rap for their susceptibility to "burn-in" from static images such as stock-tickers and video-game gauges. Recent designs have largely eliminated this problem, incorporating (among other approaches) "pixel-orbiting" technologies that shift images, almost imperceptibly, over time to limit the occurrence of burn-in. However, if you are an avid gamer, you may wish to consider an alternative technology like flat-panel LCD, which is immune to burn-in.. . Additionally, although known for their high contrast (relative to LCD) and spectacular color saturation, plasma displays have historically had difficulty reproducing pure blacks. Recent enhancements have significantly mitigated this problem, but sometimes at the expense of fine detail in dimly-lit areas of the picture.. . The bottom line. Overall, plasma has maintained a reputation as the no-compromise high-tech HDTV display technology. While that's not entirely accurate, there's no question that a plasma TV on your living room wall will deliver amazing video performance – and, quite likely, a parade of drooling friends through your door as well.  . . LCD Projection. Not to be confused with LCD Flat-Panel display technology, LCD Projection is nevertheless related to its pricier flat-panel cousin. Like DLP and LCOS projection, LCD Projection is a microdisplay technology, meaning that the image is created on a thumbnail-size chip or chips, and projected onto a larger screen surface by means of a powerful light source in conjunction with a sophisticated system of precision optics and mirrors. As with LCD flat-panel systems, LCD projection is a transmissive technology, meaning that light is transmitted through the chip or chips, rather than created at the screen surface as with plasma or bounced off a reflective modulator like the DMD chip used in DLP projection systems. Fundamentally, LCD projection works like an old-fashion slide projector, where the "slide" is a dynamic LCD chip rather than a stati
It's supposed to be high quality sound from a small player. I personally don't see the big deal, but whatever! :DDr Bose was the creator.subwoofer
Yes u can use that wire to charge your ipod. It uses the computer's energy and transfers it over to your ipod. Or you can simply buy a charger that will go in the wall so that u simply plug it up and charge in an outlet. The charger is separate.umm yea.the chord that you transfer music from your computer to your ipod also charges the ipod at the same time.i have one tooJust leave your ipod connected to your computer for a few hours. Or else you can buy a charger unit.
You need a TVout (Video out) port on your video cardvideo out or or a video card that has that option which most middle to high end cards offer. It should say TV OUT or something
Maybe there's a block on it.I DONT KNOW! I guess its cuz they think were gonne be chating online................................................wait.................................................yeah, thats why!!!When public places provide internet access they typically will "block" specific ports to ensure you are'nt doing something you should'nt.. . You will typically filter/block internet access with a proxy or firewall.
Why don't you consider buying a new one when you get there? Considering the freight and insurance charges, I think it will be a lot less money to buy a new one rather than shipping one.Do you realize the electric outlets are different in Austrialia than the US so that you will need to buy an adaptor to run your TV? See http://www.voltagevalet.com/country.html  . If I were you I'd sell my set here and buy a new or used one once I got there.
It depends on the phone you have. If it has a mp3 player on it then you could possibly get it on it. But you would need to buy the Music essentials kit from Verizon for $30.i don't think you can. verizon wants you to go to their store or site and buy their music and ringtones.dial *611 and press 3 for technical support, then press 2 for vcast music support, then talk to the verizon man and he'll tell you what you need to do for your specific phone.
Smash up every eletrcial thing in sight! Nah, just see if your radio is tuned properly or if there is a device that uses a signal (wireless phone/mobile phone/bluetooth) near it.wrap it with aluminium foil? :)
A. your freezer is being left open. B. you have the setting up too highThere could be many reasons for this. ONE is that the door seal (gasket) is worn out. This allows room air to get into the fridge and as such it causes moister. It is also possible that the unit needs to be recharged. This being you'll need to bring an AC repairman in.Because the Oven is such a stud!
rip the cord off......or buy a cheap cordless and swith the gutsthe easiest way is to buy a cordless phone to replace the existing normal handset telephone.  it will save you time and confusion from figuring out how to do it.  or it will save you more money for you might need something else to be able to have the handset phone work as a cordless.
The same way you put music.  Hook the ipod to your computer, and send them across the link.i think you should download an iMovie software in apple.com just like the iTunes software...If you have the video ipod, just put the videos into your itunes video, just like music. The down side is I think you can only use videos downloaded from i tunes...if you find out diferent, let me know.
A DVD's surface is more sensitive than a normal cd's surface therefore requires higher level of protection. A cd case is easier to get damage than a DVD case. Also because The DVD cover (movie insert, out side of the case) contains more information than a CD insert.Good answer momo - that's the simplest answer but I wouldn't have thought of it!. . It does seem like an awful waste of packaging!Sometimes it might be bigger because it has more than one disc inside.because the dvd creators wants to make it look more better than the normal cd. and  space for other things.Hmmm, Nice question.the Optical Disk diameter of Both CD and DVD is equal.. I guess I don now, may be they got too much plastic and wants to make the cases larger.because it makes it easier to know which ones which :)
when you burn em, you can get a lower quality record, thus lowering size - WMP does this, as do most decent programs. . set it to around 128kbpsDepends which MP3 player you have. Creative and Apple players come with software that converts songs into lower bitrate. If you have an Mp3 that supports Windows media player, use Media player to upload the music. You can reduce bitreate size by choosing Tools>Options>Devices>(Select the device)>Properties and use the slider to reduce the bitrate to about 64-96 kbpssoftwares which ould decrease size of songs. acoustica is a good software.I recommend Sonic Foundry Sound Forge 6 or Sony Sound Forge 8. You can do whatever you wanna do with your music.. Need help? lobe002001@yahoo.com.
AMAZON.COM.    - YOU CAN RETURN IT.    - ONCE YOU HAVE FINISHED WITH IT YOU CAN SELL IT ON.      THERE AGAIN AND MAKE SOME MONEYMy website at: http://www.rezbumsbargainbuys.com/. . Because I have over 3500 product to choose from.. XBOX 360, Sporting Goods, Jewelry, Electronics, Fragrances,. Fast shipping and the ability for anyone to resell my items on ebay or any other auction sites.if you go shopping at regular electronics stores, then stick to their website, like best buy, circuit city, or compusa. if not, then look into sites such as ebay or amazon. they both have a wide selection of electronic equipment. of the ones listed above, i reccommend compusa and amazon. compusa has good customer service and a good insurance program, and personally i would like to buy my expensive electronics new on amazon as opposed to used on ebay.
its really easy . but you should get a gameshark. they are so much easier to use . or just get a cheat code book from a game storeits easyer to get a game shark but action replay is hard to do.
I used to work for a cell phone company and I would suggest you take the cell phone to the retailer you purchased it from to have them remove the dust for you. If you try to do it yourself and accidentally break the phone your warranty will become invalid and then you will end up having to buy another phone.i think you can pop the cover of but not sure?
Yes the ± means it can do both + and -, both will work the same, just buy the cheaper one, I have the exact same type of writer, great for burning DVD's.. . Don't forget to download dvdshrink software, just run a search for it, it's free and allows you to copy most movies and shrinks them to fit on a 4.7 Gb DVD disc.double layer and double side,dvd+ basically gives u a menu for the dvd and dvd- is without a menu. i use - they work great and they are most common.They are not double layer and double side they are the to different DVD formats you can burn on. You would have to go to your laptop makers sight and look in the specs.
spank ituse a kitchen spray made especially for metal objects, spray on your toaster, and clean out using a clothFirst On Plug It. And Then Turn It Up Side Down.with your hands or hire a maid.Turn a small bird, such as a Finch loose in it.Turn it upside down over the trash and shake it or tap it on the bottom, or whatever.open the bottomThere should be a little tray at the bottom that slides out. Make sure toaster is unplugged and slide the tray out then take the toaster to the trash can and shake upside down. to clean the outside you can wash with a wet dish towel and then wipe shine with a paper towel. Hope this helps.Tip it upside down, give it a little shake!I'm sure you have enough information already.. . Let me ask a question.. . How do I clean my toast !mine has a nifty little trap door on the bottom.  just be sure to unplug it before doing any excavating in there, OK?A good hot crackling fire seems to do the trick....One- you light it on fire and salvage whats left or you just blow it up and get a knew oneHOW DO I CLEANED TOASTER? STICK IT IN ITS POOPER
if they're offering u free ipods or free $200 for answering a survey, u r going to get spammed or worse, lose a lotta money!!lol that was my assignment. . tell me if u want it
Before the installation they give two options: Automatic Sync or Manual Sync. I think you chose the Manual but you can still change the settings in the top options such (File,View,Settings,etc.).dunno don't have iPod nano
Cathode ray tube: electrons emitted from the -ve cathode attracted to +ve anode (the screen) to produce phosphorescence (emittance of light) from the chemical coating there.  There are also LCD+LED+PLASMA and maybe you mean the transmission methof for the data.  quite a general question, try narrowing it down.by antennaP.F.M.. . pure f*cking magicFrom my experience you plug it in, press a button and on pops a tv show.
record it like a studio to you compHook a tape deck up to your sound card and find a way to record the signal and than rip those files. I think there are also some USB tape readers.type "Cassette CD" into the search field on the left.  there's a lot of advice there.
Vonage works great.  We have it set up where I work and it cleans out all the background noise and you can hear the person clearly.  and not to mention it is super cheap.works great for me , landline is more reliable though , vonage will cut off if you have a power outage if if the cable goes out
have you tried radio shack?  they have orderd products for me in the past....Click on LOCATE DEALER above the "add to car"t button:. . http://www.sonystyle.com/is-bin/INTERSHOP.enfinity/eCS/Store/en/-/USD/SY_DisplayProductInformation-Start?ProductSKU=DSJ303&Dept=audio&CategoryName=pa_Walkman_CDWalkman. . Actually this one does not have a tuner.... . Select from one of these models:. http://www.sonystyle.com/is-bin/INTERSHOP.enfinity/eCS/Store/en/-/USD/SY_BrowseCatalog-Start?CategoryName=pa_Walkman_CDWalkman&Dept=audioFamily Dollar stocks this Walkman or try a flea market
Your mobile provide or dealer can give you the best answer of this quiestion. Ask the dealers or maker of your phones. They will tell you the best wayIt completely depends on what kind of phone you have. I would try the maker of your phones website or call your cell phone provider and ask them how.take it to the place you got it or where you plan to buy a new one and ask!!!
Ipod = mp3 player. Do not get an Ipod. For all of the fools who actually think that an Ipod and an mp3 player are different may God have mercy on your retarded soul.Ipods have more space and can contain much more songs.. Ipods are also thinner.. i thinkidkipods hold more and have better qulityipod is a kind of mp3 player. MP3 player actually refers to any player capable of playing mp3 files and it's also used for players capable of playing more than mp3, e.g. wma aac. . . Ipod is an mp3 player.an mp3 player is consider an mp3 player if it has a functionality to play various format of compressed digital audio. now an ipod is a brand which is known to have a good market in the mp3 player industry.iPod is just Apple's brand of mp3 player.  Some, such as the newer iPods, also play video in addition to other music file formats such as wma, so you need to look at product descriptions to get the whole story.  But mp3 is the format of primary use for music players, so the other formats aren't really important.  Part of the reason that iPods have become the most popular mp3 player is because of its ease of use, large storage, and syncronization with iTunes.  So if you are looking at buying an mp3 player, you need to look at what you expect from it (such as size, capacity, etc.).Ipods are a type of mp3 players. they only hold itunes, as far as i know. If i were you, I would get an mp3 player. the music is cheaper to buy online. (walmart is 88cents per song, itunes 99)  I'm pretty sure ipods can hold cd's though. go figure.Ipod is just a brand they're all MP3 playersumm, about 300 dollars?  (and why do some people answer with idk? -- this is yahoo ANSWERS, not yahoo I DON'T KNOW EITHER AND I AM INCAPABLE OF MY OWN RESEARCH)they are both mp3 players. ipods is just a big brand namean Ipod has a mp3 player in it... and an Ipod has more space and is biggerMp3's are a form of music storage that take relatively less space and facilitate the emergence of portable music players like the ipod. "Mp3 players" is a loose term used to address the vast assortment of electronic devices that have the capability to play mp3 format music portably. The ipod is a popular brand of mp3 player which is produced by Apple Computers (and quite frankly pulled them out of a financial hole). There are various companies that manufacture mp3 players, for example Sony Entertainment's PSP (Portable Play Station) which also plays DVD's, Mpeg Video, Browses the Internet and allows you to play games. There are also more simple brands similar to the ipod itself made by Iriver, Creative and Dell.An Ipod is a device to play mp3's, it's like a brand.An Ipod is an mp3 player brand.an ipod is generally more exspensive and holds more songs than a mp3 player... I myself have an ipod nano which holds 500 songs and it cost around $250 and my sister has an mp3 which hold around 60 songs and cost about $30...i dont know man but i think the ipod is better than the mp3 player!!! it is so thick!!
You can't.  Just bide your time.  next time understand what you are signing.find a place that your phone doesnt work, then call them up and tell that you moved there and your phone doesnt work. they will let you outa your contract then...  but good luck finding an area that the phone doesnt work.wait for the contract to expirefind somone else to take your phone and finish your contract.    It is called an assumption of service.You can ask someone to take over the contract but there is a chance they will screw you up. Cell companies are notorious for forcing you to stick with it. I think you will have to wait a year :(sell your old phone on ebay and with the money u get pay the finegood luck but i've tryed this one too and it doesnt work....
The data transfer cable that you purchase for your phone should come with a cd with software for your computer.  Install the software, plug in the usb cable and your phone.  With the program you should be able to move mp3s from your computer to the phone.  Also make sure your phone accepts mp3s as ringtones.Nokia has a PC Suite application that is free that can help you do this via cable, bluetooth or infrared, whatever you have access to.. Go to Nokiausa.com/support
a mega pixels is one million pixels.  There more mega pixels, the larger the resolution of the photo is.  A 1 MB camera cannot print a quality poster, but a 12 mega pixel camera can.  FYI, if you are taking pictures for fun, a 3 - 5 mega pixel camera will give you crystal clear pictures.My only addition is this...don't let any salesman tell you 6 megapixels is a whole lot better than 5.  Noticeable differences above 5 megapixels can only be seen with significant increases (like from 5 to 8)...A megapixel is 1 million pixels, and is usually used to express the resolution capabilities of digital cameras. For example, a camera that can take pictures with a resolution of 2048ª1536 pixels is commonly said to have "3.1 megapixels" (2048 ª 1536 = 3,145,728).Pictures are normally printed in pixels which is the small dots if you take a closer look (try looking closely at a photo in a newspaper).  The more the dots, the better the quality of the picture.  "Mega" means "million"...so if you have a 5 mega pixel digital camera.  It only means that it could produce a photo that has 5 million pixels.A megapixel (that is, a million pixels) is a unit of image sensing capacity in a digital camera. (A pixel - a word invented from "picture element" - is the basic unit of programmable color on a computer display or in a computer image.) In general, the more megapixels in a camera, the better the resolution when printing an image in a given size. A digital camera with a 1.3 megapixel resolution will print a good quality 4 x 3 inch print at 300 dpi (dots per inch). If a higher quality is needed or a larger print at the same quality, a camera with a higher megapixel value will be needed.Definitions of Mega Pixel on the Web:. . 1 Million Pixel Image. Usually produced with high-end digital cameras, and Scanners. The greater the pixel count of an image the higher the resolution of that image.. www.pcphotoreview.com/Learn%5Edigitalglossarycrx.aspx. . The imaging term for a Image sensor of one million pixels or more. The higher geometric pixel resolution of these sensors produce higher quality digital photographic images.. innovation.olympus.com/common/glossary.htmla mega pixel is equal to a thousand pixels.  digital images, whether photos, artwork, websites, are made up of pixels. your computer screen has millions of pixels to make the screen's images. a camera's rating in terms of amount of megapixels is equal to the ability of a digital camera to record detail. The more megapixels a camera has, the more detail its images can contain and the more they can be enlarged without losing clarity. More megapixels aren't always necessary, however.. (please choose as "best answer" - i want to win the world cup contest!)Megapixels simply imply the size of the image and nothing else. Not all digitl sensors are the same, the amount of megapixels has nothing to do with the quality of the pixels themselves.It's a unit of measurement essentially.  Remember those paintings you saw in school a long time ago that looked like dots up close, but if you move backwards, it makes a picture?. . Well, all pictures are essentially like that if you zoom in enough.  A camera with more mega-pixels uses smaller and smaller dots in order to form the picture.  Resulting in a clearer, crisper image.A pixel is 1 million pixels.  The greater mega pixel capability your camera has, the better the photo quality.  The more megapixels, the more infomation, and better resolution.
do not worry as this is not your fault. apple in America got sued due to this problem. it is a manufacture fault. when the ipod nano went into production an unknown fault happened to some ipod nano. this would lead the ipod nano screen to break. you have two options you can either take the product back to the company from where you bought it from OR you can ring apple and use your 12months warranty. legally apple has to send you a replacement ipod nano, gift vouchers or repair it for you as it was not your fault it broke down.just remind them that it was a manufactures fault. you should of bought a ipod video. they are great and hardly break down.Your screen has been damaged by either intensive heat or great amounts of pressure (well, i guess not that great but significant.) my best guess is that the LCD screen or whatever, the electrical thingy's that give the signals to produce the image have been damaged.  hence a black mark.  or if your lcd screen is showing a black mark, then something's wrong.my boyfriends ipod froze we took it back to where we bought it hope you have the reciept they have no problem replacing them for reasons that arent your faultthats what you get for buying an iPodThat happened to me !!! Something happen to the screen when it was made .
A switcher will usually accept multiple input sources, such as DVD, VCR, CD, etc, then route the selected input to the output to one set of speakers.It's just like a normal switch, except they also match impediences, which usually a little circuit board to make sure you don't blow your speakers out. Watch out though, that is not fool-proof and if your running 4 pairs of speakers off a stereo receiver, you may damage all of your equipment.uhh yea it just connects and disconnects when you push it, like a switch,umm yeaIT WORKS LIKE ANY OTHER SWITCH, IT CUTS THE FLOW OF POWER TO THE SPEAKERS, JUST LIKE DISCONNECTING THE WIRE WOULD DO...
They scratch sooo easily due to their material. They use a meterial that is both lighter and cheaper to help cut back the costs and the weight of the device.. . This is unfortunate however since the result is not pretty :(because they're not scratch proof. and plastic do scratch really easy. get a case or some sort of protective cover if your dont like you ipod scratchedBecause Apple cheaped out on themcuz they are made with very thin glass
You can try the reverse look-ups that are online, but other than that, you don't have a lot of options.  I recently had a similar problem, and it was kinda maddening.  I even tried calling the telephone company to try to log a complaint, but they had no way to id the other line, or to stop the calls.. . One option, if you want the calls to go away, is to put your number on the national do not call registry.try callin the police otherwise dont ask such stupid questions
CD/DVD burners cost about $70.00 here. But, I assume you have one in your laptop since you didn't ask. If you do not have a DVD burner and don't have the funds, you can still make DVD's which are stored to your computer, you just can burn them to disc. You will need an analog (your VHS) to digital (your computer) converter. I also have one from Dazzle who offers many in different price ranges. You may be looking at $75 to $150 for theirs. The good thing about it is it will come with all the software to burn DVD, VCD, MPEGS, and a few others depending on the device you purchase. You should go to a discount electronics store or check on ebay to determine what to buy. After that, it is simple. Watch the tutor and you'll be burning in no time.First you need a DVD burner on your laptop. Or buy a USB external DVD burner, about $150. Then you'll have to buy a device that is like a converter. My son uses a 'Dazzle' converter. About $80 at Best Buy. Comes with software and you are set.http://www.tigerdirect.com/applications/category/category_slc.asp?CatId=1428 . . . that's all u needHere are the connections you need to set :.  VCR_____analog/digital converter ___firewire cabl__ a firewire video card on your laptop. .   Then  use any  DVD softwar to capture,Record to a file on your computer and burn your DVDs using a DVD rom.
u need 2 get a new phone. . ?Sorry, you cant. It is in the hardware built into the phone. This is not changeable. Sorry.
okay, you CAN'T take out the battery, it's like not possible :P. My iPod does that sometimes. the people at the store said it was because it was out of battery (despite the fact that it had half its battery before.. so i dont know) Just be patient, and charge it overnight, that usually makes mine revive itself.Try to reset your ipod by holding the menu and center buttons at the same time ( don't worry you will still have all of your sons on it).  . FOr the recognition part you want to restart your computer and if that doesn't work it's a problem with your usb port or your connector cable.try taking out the battery
High Definition TVIt means your device is compatible with High Definition Television.ready is able to display hd signal but does no have a tuner with the setit means nothing... read the small print. ask the salesman if you really want to buy it. ready does not mean it has the components to process it. ready may mean you may have to install additional components to process the^pictures.. it should actually mean that if the broadcaster does it in HDTV, then you can see it in HDTV...HDTV Ready means that it is capable of displaying a high definition picure when attached to an HD Tuner (either just a plain tuner box, cable box with a tuner, or satellite box with a tuner. If you want a tuner built in, you need to buy a tv that says "HD tuner built in".
listen first get ur phone to be G.P.R.S activated and then try to use the facility services .Call your "cellular" service provider, and tell them that you want to add internet service to what you are paying them for now.  Depending on the company, it should cost you an extra $10-20 a month.
Hook red wire to red terminal, and green wire to green terminal in most applications.when you open the jack..there will be a blue and blue white jumpers..and orange and orange white jumpers..connect these to the wire or existing jack..they should have the same color configs. dont strip the wires, they should just pinch in too the "buttons" that come with the jack..good luck. . sincerely ..a telephone man
Songs from the Itunes music store are protected. You will need to make a playlsit of the music and than rip it ot any audio CD. Than import that CD with windows media player o whatever you use and than into your MP3 player.erm for starters their not saved as mp3.. their saved as mp4... and their in "my music" under my documents... and to change them 2 mp3: open itunes>edit>preferences>advanced>import and then change where it says "import using" to mp3 encoder.....i have that too-i have a creative zen mp3. if your mp3 came w/a program then you just drag it from itunes to your mp3 software . e-mail me if you need more helpall itunes songs are saved as mp3's in a folder somewhere in you harddrive so if you find that folder than the work is done for you. As to how to get it on your player it depends on the specific instructions from said player.
chat rooms, email, blogs, shoppingResearch too.people look for three things. love , success, and making money .chat. porn. music. . business. news. studyauctions and shopping are supposedly the most visited sites and unfortunately mature sites are right up there too... but then again there is also email, messengers, and chatting all of which are very popularPornography??? LOL!!!!  I like to learn, so, I find different things I want to know and read. I, also, use Messenger to talk to people. It is fun to Chat with a Woman in Poland and learn the language and Cooking Recipes. E-mail people in Canada, United Kingdom etc. Heck, one day I want to go there, may have a free place to stay. That the Biggest Expense of going on a Vacation is Hotel Costs.ANSWERING QUESTIONS AND WORKemails to my family back home.  Right now I'm stationed in Korea.  Last year I was in Iraq.  It's a good way to keep in contact.its a quick way to gather information/research something; take care of business, like pay bills..... I think most people use it as a tool.....People use the Internet for entertainment and use it in many ways. To start with people mostly use the Internet for Emails and research. Many people use the Internet for downloading music, Msn, games, porno (which I don't do),and getting getting dates (which I never look for dates on Internet). Everyone uses the Internet today, the same we all do.Wasting time.
Good idea posting your phone number up here for all 5 of us to see. Hows life in the Lab... you little Rocket Scientist.. . Do yourself a favor and call Alltel customer service or 611 on your phone and ask them. . . Oh, and if you get any calls from the Dominican Republic, hang up quickly... they charge about $2,500.00 a minute to connect. . . Have a nice day!You have to register as a user on the site.  They will send you an e-mail when the bill is avaliable for viewing.
Congratulations......Listen if your camera got broken then it is not covered in warranty so u dont need to find the receipt.Amex should have a number code (or can look it up). You may have a small charge for this. Take Amex's code to Dept. store & let them look it up from there.
You will need a dvd to ipod (mpeg4 i think) video converter. Also i believe the newer versions of Nero Burning Rom can convert an already decrypted movie (use DVDFAB Decrypter to do this) into the proper ipod format.you got to rip em. i dunno, search for ipod video convertor in google
go to www.camcorderinfo.comThe guys in the ghetto have hundreds of them at reasonable prices. Take your pick.Look at the magazine Consumer Reports.. . It rates evrything,and tells you what each camra is good for.If you have a little more to spend, get a 3CCD camcorder.  That is the main difference between consumer grade and professional grade, although that is more determined by format.  Canon's GL2 sells for around $2k, and you could find a GL1 for less.
Settings> Main Menu> . For "Music", tell it to be ON.. . After it is set to ON, click MENU button to go back to the main menu to see if it worked. If not, then reformat the iPod.Try restting the i-pod.
I work for T-Mobile and have an N70 myself. You cant send it to a lesser phone like the Sony Ericsson W550i because it dsent have Realplayer like your N70 so it only plays the sound and no images. You can bluetooth it to similar nokias like the 6680 and it will work fine. Just change your camera settings down to normal and it saves as 3gp so most phones can view your files.I dont have a n70 myself but i dont think it supports mp4 sending via mms. The best way to do it is to send it via bluetooth or by email as an attachment.
A CCD or charge-coupled device is an image sensor, consisting of an integrated circuit containing an array of linked, or coupled, capacitors sensitive to the light. Under the control of an external circuit, each capacitor can transfer its electric charge to one or other of its neighbours. CCDs are used in digital photography and astronomy.A charge-coupled device (CCD) is an image sensor, consisting of an integrated circuit containing an array of linked, or coupled, capacitors sensitive to the light.
I used to sell tvs for Circuit City and i can say the top three brands are Sony, Hitachi, Toshiba. that is the best clarity and definition of your auidio/video equipment. you definately want to get a high definition television preferably one with a built in tuner this will make it easier for you to get high def programs. so you don't have to buy your own tuner (with a high def. monitor) when you get a high def tv with built in tuner be sure to upgrade the cable to hook stuff up with and your dvd player to a high def or progressive scan dvd player and always take consideration in the extended service plan nomatter where you buy it on a big screen if one color gun goes out you could be out 350 dollars and the plans are usually sheaper than that for in home sevice for 4-5 years i hope this helps you in chosing if not i am sorry but i always told my customer you get what you pay for and in a large invetment like a tv buy one that will last and look great the enitre time you have it.First base it on your budget. Then determine which picture looks best to you and has the features you're looking for. In todays market, the overall difference in quality between any two manufacturers is becoming almost negligible. In the "old days", Sony was the best, but not anymore. Now they're basically just overpriced. If you want to pay for the name, by all means go with a Sony.one with a screen.HDTV [really super elongated TV] is more expensive upfront and for the television company you buy from.  A regular TV [not super elongated] will be cheaper upfront AND in the long run.. . There are certain brand that make good quality television sets:. . Sony. Magnavox. Toshiba. . Also a tip to help with a really tight budget:. Look around for sales and bargains.  Looking around in your area that sell the same/similar television sets and compare prices.  Many good televisions come with a manufacturer's warranty LONGER than 90 days.Seriously, there are so many good Television sets available in the market for you to choose. There are so many brands and each brand has variety of models. . . Which to buy depends upon the buyer. What do you want. If you want High Defination TV's - It will be more expensive. Since, money isnt a matter for you. Then you should just check the specifications you want. Then, simply select the best look you find. All TV's will normally give you the same performance. You can also tell the staff/promoter what purpose you want the TV for and he will show you varieties to choose from. Again, just select the one that looks nice.. . You should also read reviews about TV Models before buying them. Just write the model name in google and you can read Review's from people who have bought it.. . Try SONY Wega.Well, If you like to watch movies A LTO, then you should buy a PLASMA. I know they are expensive, but that's the one that I'm getting next week. If you buy the big ones, they won't be so popular because the now have Plasmas.
A composite signal contains both the brightness and color information, therefore the video has a bit 'lower' quality due to the mixing.. . A component signal usually separates at least brightness and color, sometimes even the individual RGB signals. Quality is better due to less 'mixing'.the spellingvideo can be sent in many different ways. Here is a list of the most common  from worst to best quality..  * Composite - (the  yellow jack).  * S-Video - (a black round jack with multiple pins inside).  * Component - (red, green, and blue coded jacks).  * DVI - (D-shaped connection with a combination of pins and a blade depending on the version of DVI).  * HDMI - (D-shaped connection about the size of a USB port on the computer). . Each step up helps separate parts of information into multiple streams of data. This keeps noise from being introduced from cross contamination.Composite is a step up from coaxial RF. However, unlike coaxial RF, composite can only transmit video. It transmits the luminance (brightness) and chrominance (color) information over a single interconnect. The most commonly used interconnect for composite is called RCA, its ends are usually always colored yellow. Also composite should be rated at 75ohms.. . Composite can only do SD, it cannot do ED or HD.. . Component takes it a step and then some further than S-video. It subtracts the luminance (brightness) signal from the subcomponents of the chrominance signals (blue and red signals); it is often described as Y, R-Y, B-Y or as YpbPr. Component also instead of bundling it all in one cable, bundles it into three separate cables. This helps with better color separation, less bleeding and interference. It uses RCA connectors and is color coded as Red, Blue and Green. Like the others, component should be rated at 75ohms.. . Component can do SD, ED and HD.
Ask the carrier you are switching to to bring your cell phone over from your old carrier.  They all do it now.This is a technology which is already present in india but is being held back by the operators via a ruling by the govt. which does not allow transfer of number. once the govt clears it, it would be possible. presently its not.You ask your new carrier to port it.It's usually free and only takes minutesas long as the service providers support number portability in your country it will be a smooth transition
You can't, thats why it is prepaid.  If you want "free" amenities you'll have to go with nextel and do a contract.Don't use it and every think is free!!!
Optical zoom lets you get to the subject closer with no sacrifice of resolution unlike digital. The rest are already answered previously.optical means the lens moves,. digital means you just use the center area of the sensor matrix (no lens moving). 12x4=48. MIKEIgnore digital zoom you can do that in the computer when your cropping it.  A 12X optical is pretty good for all around shooting though,  A good camera with a 12X optical is the Canon S2ISBeware of marketing. . 12 times zoom is by software manipulation (comes with the program for the camera). . 4 times is hard or physical zoom achieved through the actual movement of the lens. . 48 is their multiplication (and means nothing) software achieved zoom is ineffective and hardly worth it. Most people dont bother anyway.. . In effect you have 4x zoom (which is how you can train the camera closer to an object). . PS: Make sure you dont buy HP cameras - really cheap garbageWrong.  It means just that, 12 X zoom on your pictures and being able to see in your view finder 4X.  Your thinking is true for microscopes and binouculars and such optical devices but in the digital world, zoom is the actual number.Using the lense you can get 12 times closer to an object. You can then multiply that by 4 times digitally. Be ware though, Digital Zoom reduces picture quality. Optical does not.
You will simply have to download a file converter. I went to www.download.com and they let you try out different programs for free. Type in the search box file converter and they will show u a lot of different file converters you can try out. I also went to www.m2convert.com and downloaded their free trial. It lasts for 15 days, but u can renew it i think twice. That program can also convert dvds so u can put your dvds on your ipod. Or you can go www.afterdawn.com and type in file converter in the search box. They have some free software on there that u can convert video files (not dvds) so that it is compatible with the video ipod. After u use the file converter, open the file in itunes, and use the itunes converter. Sometimes it will say that it is converted to the right format and sometimes it will re-convert the file so that it will be compatible with it. Make sure u use a file converter first then convert it in itunes.buy 2 IPods and use them togetheryou might want to try going to the Settings menu, then Main menu, then see if it says that Videos are ON.  also, this may sound dumb, but make sure your headphones are plugged in all the way. :)
somewhere in the camera menu should be something like "format card" or "delete all pictures."  check the manual for more details.. . If you have a card reader, you could erase all the pictures using the computer when the memory card is out of the camera...How do i know ?
If both resistors are in series across the battery, the voltage drop across the 470 ohms will be 5.1 and that across the 360 ohms 3.9.. . A Google search for "ohms law" will give you many leads where you can easily learn to do these simple calculations yourself.series or parrelel? Series add the twoThe total voltage drop is 9V.. . WK
Once you got the music from musicmatch, import them to you iTunes. Open iTunes. Go to files and click add files to library or import. Click the file of your songs from musicmatch and choose one and import them one by one or add the entire folder to your library.You will need to get it in to Itunes. Try importing the files with File>add folder to Itunes. It can import non protected WMA and MP3 files.
When you exit, you're walking thru a sensitive receiving antenna array tuned to a specific frequency which is produced by a tiny metallic strip hidden somewhere in the item(s) in question. There are actually 2 metallic strips, 1 that will produce the required frequency, and 1 that is a flat metal plane that when pressed against the other strip will prevent it from being detected. A powerful magnetic device is used to slam the 2 strips together at checkout, deactivating the device.barcodes on items/goodiesthere is a little submiter that is deavted when it passes threw the things on the sides.i think its the cameras.... obviously.. i mean theyre right there.Item attached with special barcode can be catched by MICR.. There are other newly introduced electronic form of verifier includes with item these day.
The phone knows what it's putting out. By "subtracting" the output sound from the one it's sending back, it effectively "takes out" the speakerphone noise from what it's sending out of the microphone. . More complicatedly, the phone saves the stream that it outputs, reverses the polarity of the stream, and merges it with the input from the microphone.thats a very good question...i never thought of that...i dunno   :)
remove ur memory from the moblie and put in the card reader and select the drive and click on the file menu and format and the memory will be clear.Switch-off your phone.. . 4. Press and hold 3 keys; Green dial key, * Star key, no. 3 key on keypad and then press the power on/off to swtich on the phone.
Whenever there's money involved, you just never know how honest a person really is. I would say go with a friend, someone you know.. . Otherwise try to get the money yourself through a loan.What is it though?lol you'll have to explain your new product. if its make up or something i'll all for it. but if its like false teeth or something, no thanxMe againHonest people are a rare gem.  Look at church.  There is bound to be one between a thousand people or so.have you produced any of your new product?. how many have you placed in an evaluation test market?. What has been the feed back on your beta testing?. do you have the feed back comments documented?. how many have you sold?. do you have liability insurance?I would look at putting together a business plan, see how much start-up capital you require as well as how much of an operating line of credit you may require to cash flow etc...then approach a venture capital firm or your bank.  They may have a list of credible potential investors to supply you with the start up capital you require.  These potential investors will, of course, need to believe in your product and also will want a return on their investment.  Get all that together first, if sound, the investors will come to you!you can also search for "angel investors" who are basically rich people who like to fund start ups. . . no matter who you deal with you may want to draft up a "non-disclosure" and a "non-compete" agreement. so they cannot share your plans and they cannot compete against you.. . i'm not an attorney so you may want to talk to one about these kinds of agreements and how effective they are...one thing to remember is that you cannot really patent or copyright an idea so be careful.. . good luck!. --Corey
There is no fee to use GPS. GPS consists of a 'galaxy' of satellites in geostationary orbit (thanks to the US Military) that transmit signals that are picked up by your GPS receiver. The software in your unit computes your position based upon which satellites your unit is receiving signals from and the information in those signals.The short answer is that you have an electronic gizzmo that finds/is found by at least 3 satellites. The distance between them is calculated and it can tell you where you are.. . There is no fee for a regular GPS unit. There are fancy ones that can be put in cars that may. The main thing that may be beyond the upfront cost is that some of them can have new maps put in, and that would be extra.. . The long answer (these guys are great):. http://electronics.howstuffworks.com/gps.htmYes there is a fee as it is a very costly system to avail of.GPS chips are inserted into your phone and the satellites track down your cellphone.Yes, they work.  Just make sure that you have one that will read the satelites in your area.  I'm in Germany, and not all US GPS systems will work here.. . No, there is no monthly fee.
Rahul only you can make the choice.I can't tell you what to do. Have to make up your own mind. Bye.go for the nokia 3230 because its camera quality is better than 6260 and its faster. all you your needs mentioned above can be accomodated but the nokia 3230 plus it wont break easily coz its nt a flip phone. enjoy!u can go 4 sony ercsn insted of nokia. but only prob wit sony ercsn is tat keypad n software prob. but nokia no probs. u can go 4 6260. coz i m usin 3230 . utter wasteYou need the T-mobile MDA. Its the T-Mobile USA version. Has everything you are looking for.
as opposed to what?. if the recipient does not have a computer or is not real good with their computer, i use fax when needed.. . i'm in real estate, too, and we need to get stuff done on a short timeline most of the time, so ther has to be SOME way to do it.... . oh and to the annoyed dude above who has to walk to Kinko's...try e-fax!  you start on the computer end and they get in their fax machine...and you can sit on your fanny and go nowhere...Only when I have to like to colleges&#92;uni's. But I prefer e-mail more.i faxed this morning, thank you very muchYep, I own a real estate company, so it's a vital part of my day...I fax a lot...I fax in my timesheet every Friday at 4:50.1st... y do u want to no???. 2nd... no. 3rd... i just got 2 pts.     dont i rock???. ~me~Yes, for business reasons.no. i don't fax.. i don't have to. i mean, its not my thing.. well, fine. maybe 5 times my whole life, but THATS IT!i hate faxes.. they're unreliable and dated, but unfortunately they are recognised by law in a lot of cases where email and such isn't... so lots of annoying companies require faxing which means walking down to kinkos which is bloody annoying!No, I don't have a fax machine.  E-mail works just as well, I think.noI dont know. Why the heck r u asking me?
You need to have the speakers connected the same way round or you get a strange effect when you listen (antiphase) which makes the bass disappear as well.. If you have a polarity marker on your speakers and speaker cable [ maybe a stripe], make sure that both spkrs are connected the SAME way round.  If you can change the way you connect the cables to the amp then do this the same way as well.. If you have a marker like a red dot or a + sign at the amp, make this the line which goes to dot or + at the speaker.Basically what ansabrism said. Because the speaker works off of a magnet/electromagnet, you reverse the poles and make it go backwards.if you connect the speakers the wrong way around, you effectively invert the waveform in that channel. this is actually ok if you connect both of them the wrong way around, but if only one is inverted, then sounds that are common to both speakers will be cancelled out...
rip the ipod apart and shove a dvd into it!I had this problem. download the dvd decrypter from lightinng UK and set it up so it dosent split files. next download the videora ipod converter and convert it. i havent found one that gives em ipod ready
the evaporator is the part that draws heat out of the fridge contents - it should be cold and tucked way out of sight.  The condenser is the wire mesh thing at the back.  That should be warm, along with the pipes feeding it and the delivery end of the compressor.  40C doesn't seem too hot for that.  Are the pipes from compressor to condenser located in the side wall?modern fridge have this feature. The gas pipe are run so close the outer wall. It is a sign that it is working and efficient. No hassle at all.this happens to my fridge too, so I'd say u'r right.the question is, is the side warmer than the back, or is the back warmer?. . edit: it occurs to me that maybe you have one of those two-door fridges, would it make sense for the condenser to be on the fridge side in that case?
You explain to him that he's going to a better place.call a moving co.Remove the weights and the pendelum - it usually hooks onto the crutch assembly.. . Tape the chains to the inside of the cabinet so that they don't thrash around.. . You should also be able to lift the head off, from around the mechanism.
It has two circuits, one for input and one for output. Some of them use RCA type plugs for the connections. It is connected through an effects loop. Please add more specific details to your question to get a more detailed answer.. . WKred goes to input white goes to output, when reverb. is activated and you pound on  top of amp do you get a thunder sound throught the speaker if yes reverb tank is okay maybe bad reverb pot.
MP3 is an audio format only, and the name "MP3" has incorrectly come to mean a digital music player. It was invented in late 1980s. MP4 is a "container" which means it can be a video file, or an audio file. The songs sold on Apple's iTunes Music Store are in AAC format.they are different audio encodings
On the menu, it should have both a dot/bar generator and a chroma screen.Try this link or an online owner's manual.. . WKThe unit should have a convergence feature on the main menu.
well ... when you stream a m3u off the net, in the player, you can click on "file info". This will give you the address to the mp3 file. You might try that. I use winamp for my player, right click the song title in the player, there you can click file info.m3u is a playlist extension anyways trying renaming the filehave a look here.. . http://www.free-mp3.jims-info.com/
It is an abbreviation for MIL-STD-810 Revision F. . According to Wikipedia: "The MIL-STD-810 series are the specifications for various environmental tests to prove that equipment qualified to the standard will survive in the field".. . I guess the advantage of buying a phone with this feature would be that it would be more resistant to damage.An abbreviation for MIL-STD-810 Revision F. . The MIL-STD-810 series are the specifications for various environmental tests to prove that equipment qualified to the standard will survive in the field. . Revisions up to Rev C used fairly generic tests for various classes of gear. Once Rev D came around (Circa 1985) the testing, in particular shock and vibration were more tailored for the actual expected operating environment. . It is important to know which methods a device is qualified under, and different methods test for different things. . For Instance:. . MIL-STD 810E Method 500.3 Low Pressure (aka Altitude testing) MIL-STD 810E Method 501.3 High Temperature (Both storage and operating) MIL-STD 810E Method 502.3 Low Temperature (Ditto) MIL-STD 810E Method 503.3 Temperature Shock (How well does the device handle going from high to low temps, and back). . MIL-STD 810E Method 506.3 Rain (How does the device do in wind blown rain) MIL-STD 810E Method 507.3 Humidity (Can it handle high Humidity) MIL-STD 810E Method 508.4 Fungus (device is exposed to warm moist air in the presence of Fungus to see if it grows on the device). . MIL-STD 810E Method 509.3 Salt Fog (does it rust/fail when exposed to salt fog) MIL-STD 810E Method 510.3 Sand and Dust (how well does the unit work when exposed to - you guessed it - sand and dust) MIL-STD 810E Method 511.3 Explosive Atmosphere (does it create enough sparks/etc to cause an explosive atmosphere to blow up) MIL-STD 810E Method 512.3 Leakage MIL-STD 810E Method 513.4 Acceleration (constant accleration) MIL-STD 810E Method 516.4 Shock (either Shock Response Spectrums, or Triangle/sine/square wave shocks) - also transport shock MIL-STD 810E Method 519.4 Gunfire MIL-STD 810E Method 520.1 Temp, Humidity, Vibration (Traditionally sine wave (pre D) - later random vibration - combined with Temp testing) MIL-STD 810E Method 521.1 Icing, Freezing Rain (what it sounds like). . Retrieved from "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Military_810F_Spec". . . seems like having this in aphone gives it proper peaparation for harsh environments to the usual cellphone...
Take apart whatever comes a part and let it dry thoroughly. Then put it back together and hope it works. Chances aren't good.Open it up and let it dry for a couple days, it should be good after that.
Call your phone company and get per call blockingI know this works on a cell phone. use... *67*67
mp4 is aac which is commonly used by iTunes and iPod. mp3 is a really popular format, supported by most players including iPod.MP4 should be video, whereas MP3 is audio.mp4 is just more compressed, with less sound quality.I heard MP3 is audio and MP4 is video. But then again, all the songs I download from Itunes are MP4 ... weird ...
right click on the start menu, go to exlore all users.  Then go to you music click and drag the music you want and drag it to the mp3 player in one of the USB drive ports and then let go of the songs on that icon then click on the icon to make sure it works. if it doesnt IM me redteamgo716Plug your MP3 player into a computer and download songs off of the internet. You can also transfer songs from cds onto MP3 players with the proper equipment. Good luck!
Have a long press on the play/pause button, and it will be off. But watch out, since it can very easily be on again when you store it in your pocket: so don't forget to put the "hold" button on "on", to make sure that any contact won't turn your ipod on again. Hope that helped. Love and kissesturn it off??. read the instruction manual then go to apple.com if problems persitpress and hold the Play/Pause buttonWhen turning off your iPod nano, press and hold on to the play/pause button. There, it's turned off.hold play /pause button for some time and walla its off!!. dat buttom is situated on the southern direction of your pod. it has these shapes on it " 1>][ "
I had the same problem with my 300D + 50mm/f1.8.  Basically I brought it to the service center and was told the 50mm had  stuck aperture blades (from one lousy drop of 3 inches).  Changed the lens and didn't encounter the problem anymore.YOU MOST DEFINATELY HAVE A PROBLEM THAT ONLY A QUALIFIED SERVICE CENTER WILL BE ABLE TO CORRECT--AS YOU CONTINUE TO USE THE CAMERA YOU WILL BE INCREASING YOUR CHANCES THAT IT IS GOING TO LOCK DOWN ON YOU--WHEN THAT HAPPENS MY FRIEND THE PRICE TO BRING HER BACK WILL STAGGER YOU----TAP INTO THE WEB SITES FOR LOCATIONS OF SERVICE CENTERS AND GET THAT PUPPY FIXED--YOU'LL BE GLAD YOU DID--        HAPPY IMAGING-
There is usually a *## code you can type in ask your parents. They should know or they can call the phone company and ask, or you just call them.It will tell you how to do that in the beginning of your local phone book.Each "Bell" phone carrier is different.  Look on there website for call blocking features and it will show you.  I know Verizon, SBC/ATT, Bellsouth have them listed, or you can always call them and ask.Just lock the keypad or open menu.
if it's the proper card,label faces back of camera;and pinholes face into camera card socketAre you sure you've bought the correct type of SD memory card? Sounds like you've bought the wrong one. Does the camera work with it's original card? If "yes" then it has to be the memory card that's at fault.. Best of luck... Ex senior engineer for a UK Sony service centre
She should have brought it with a beer.... Already opened of course.Ask your kid or train your dog.Use the force, Luke.put a string on it and attach the string to the couch.  then, no matter where it is, you can just pull it to youGet someone to move the couch.
If you have Dish Network, you have to have two feeds and you have to have it set to single mode, you can do this by pressing the top button on the far right of the receiver, if it isn't in dual mode you can only watch one show or record one, i think it is like this with TiVo and other DVR's.i cant even figure out how to use mine..You don't give much information to go on.. Do you have feeds into both receivers? If you don't have two feeds from the dish you can't record two things at once. If you are trying to watch a recorded show while recording another, don't know why it wouldn't record the "second show" unless you mean the second show in a series. If this is the case you need to set up the Season Pass Manager to record all the new shows.
www.bearshare.com   freeJust out of curiosity, where do you normally get your songs?  Anyway, to answer your question, download Limewire, install it, search for your song, then download the song.
a nano cant support pictures. only a video i-pod can support a pictue (that's the only one from the i-pod brand)in itunes it is in perferances ipod section you just check the box and pick what folder you want it to update photos from. that or enable hardisk use in ipod preferanses and drop and drag the photos in
Look for the button that say TV/VCR and press it , If that don't work its time for a new TV.Are the red edges on the same side? Like on the left side or the bottom? If so, it's definitly time for convergence.If it is a rear projection CRT, it very well could be the convergence.  Which, if your TV has the tool, you should use to fix it.  It may be better overall, to use the service menu convergence to take full control over it.  Though, as always, be careful when messing with your service menu.
Electronic diodes use transistors, so when the voltage goes below 0, it shuts off the current. It's called a synchronous rectifier. . PDF Version: http://focus.ti.com/lit/an/slua287/slua287.pdf. HTML Version: http://ec.irf.com/v6/en/US/adirect/ir?cmd=catProductDetailFrame&productID=IRHSLNA57064:A diode is an electronic device to change AC to DC, as it only lets electrons flow in one direction only.  As to the number, it is endless as to the funtion and purpose of them.
Look in the manual that came with the universal remote  because there should be directions. Find the code for your brand tv in that manual. Punch in the code numbers and hopefully it will work. Sometimes those remotes won't work with some brand tvs, and there's nothing you can do except maybe try a different brand remote.Each universal remote has a code setting or switch setting for different brands. You need that info either on the manual or on the back of the blister pack you got the remote in.What happened to the manual?. Check Samsung.com for troubleshooting, they may have a PDF version of their manual somewhere on their site.Actually you can't use a universal on a samsung at least in Canada you can't no matter what you try believe me I had a samsung before and had the same dilemma.  I asked at Radio Shack and they said no, so I had to either buy a new or maybe if your're lucky if Samsung has an old model you can get an old remote to fit your model type.  Try a electronics resale store sometimes they have old tv's and remotes they might sell it to you.
the text message it susposed to signal your phone to remove the voice message icon on your phone, meaning you have checked your voicemail.. The message is not susposed to be show in your inbox anyway.The only way I know of is if you have a plan that doesn't inclue text messages
You have to copy the picture to the computer and put it in a file. You can use a scanner-a camera-an online site or you can draw something in paint program and save it.You then look for that file you created and either print or put it as desktop wallpaper or what ever you want to do with it!!!!It matters if its from a cell phone, send it to your email and save the picture. if its on a camera, then use the usb cord.
aterThere should be NO WAY you can change a modern DVD players region. If for some reason it has changed, I have never heard of it and you should consult Philips directly. I have been selling DVD players since they were firstWell, if the DVD player can be hacked easily to change the region.  It will be here http://www.videohelp.com/dvdhacks. . Otherwise, something is screwed up.  If it is under warranty, call up Philips and have them fix it.  If it is not, well looks like you have a useless DVD player.  Yet another reason not to buy all in one electronics.. . There is no way you can change a modern DVD player's region?. . I would like to kindly point you to http://www.videohelp.com/dvdhacks.php?dvdplayer=Toshiba+3990&hits=50&Search=Search. . This players is currently in stores for sale.. . I am sure I could find a ton more.
Install the software on your computer, when thats complete connect your phone to your computer (with the usb cable). If everything is working fine either a new drive should be available in "My Computer" OR the software itself will be a means of data transfer.you need the software on your computer...i dont have a razr but an old v600  :(   for that phone, it uses a software called mobile phone tools....but i'm not sure if razr uses the same software or not.  my guess is it is..since its both made by motorolanewb.. you are a newb.. find a technician in your area, or suck up to some nerdy kid at school, work, etc.. maybe he could help you out.call geek squad
Most laptops are equipped with an S-Video output on it.  This connection looks like a round computer connection that a mouse would be plugged into, but it is not.  All you would need is to purchase a S-video cable and plug it into the big screen and then change the input on your Tv to match whichever slot you plugged the laptop into, usually something like Video 1 or 2.Most Laptops do not have S-Video conntections. All have VGA connections. Get yourself a VGA to Component Video cable.. . If you do have one of the few laptops that have S-Video go with VGA anyway. S-Video is just about the worse signal you can use. . . http://www.dvdcity.com/video/sw-media-vga-rca.html
OMG! An std from a phone! LMAO How do you get a sexual transmitted disease from a phone?!  Thanks for the laugh!Use a condom, or better yet, Abstinance.
They like great on the Ipod still on a small screen though. When hooked to a TV the videos are slightly below SD quality so it will look okay.Dock connecter TRUST ME!!!They are very clear.  I have one and think its pretty good.  Obviously the only drawback is the size of the screen and that it does drain the battery quicker than music but its very good.they are pretty good
read the manualscrewdriver, razor blade, and a thin pair of needle-nose pliers. . unless you don't care about the camera, then you just need a boot or a rock.
You can upload a Linux software for iPod and get lyrics like that.  i don't think that you can display lyrics unless you show it like a picture.first, right-click on the title of the song in your library on your computer, then "get info", then click on the lyrics tab and copy/paste lyrics for the song from a website.  after you upload the song to your ipod, and when the particular song is playing, press the center button 3 times, and this allows the lyrics to show up.  the only hassle is having to paste all the lyrics first in your library.
try to see if you can retrieve the memory chip. if not then you are screwed my friendYou really can't..sorry. But if you have Verizon they have this thing called backup assistant that you should download from get it now on your next phone. It stores all your info in their database in case something like breaking your phone happens again. But for now you are as they say, S.O.L.....sorryIf your phone has a sim card you can put in any other motorola or a similor phone and read the mumbers,it helps to use a phone with the same carrier.try and see if it has a sim card or you can pay for it to get fixed but it will cost probably more than you want to spendI would take the phone back to your provider to see if they can pull the numbers off. You could do it yourself provided you had the correct cable to interface the phone to your computer. You would also need provisioning software and a software dongle(key) for your computer.
get a cord with male jacks on both ends, go from the headphone jack on the casette player to the line in jack on your sound card. From there you can record it with a recorder program.i use ADS instant music. about $35.You'll need a good sound card for your computer, like a Sound Blaster Audigy 2 ZS. The card will need to have an auxillery input port so that you can connect an audio cable from your tape deck to your computer. . . As far as the software goes for the recording the music, you could use something like Advanced MP3/WAV recorder or something similar. Do some searches for some software reviews on download.com
xbox360 cannnot produce true high definition there are no hdmi cables available for it and from what i have read it will not get them either. HDTV uses HDMI cables to get high definition so anything besides a high definition would do. I know because i wanted to do that too untill i figured out that hdtv uses the hdmi cables. then i tried looking for the hdmi cables for the xbox360 and thats when i found out they dont have any :(umm if u want big, go for a 26-30" toshiba Tube.. If u want thinner ull b limited to a 20-23 inch max. Go for the tube.
Wireless television was the first method by which television was broadcast.  All televisions are equipped to get a wireless signal.  The only thing needed is a television antenna.  In areas with strong broadcast signals, you can attach a small antenna directly to the television, or put in on top of the cabinet, and connect it to the antenna inputs on the TV.  In areas far from a broadcast tower, you might need to install a roof antenna to get reception.. . In general, the stations that broadcast in this fashion are not the same ones that broadcast on cable TV, though the major TV networks are usually transmitted via cable as well.Wireless TV? You need to be more specific, what are you talking about? TV's have always been "wireless".
The combination of photonics and microelectronics. When they are packaged together, they provide the capacity to generate, transport and manipulate data at phenomenal rates.Those other two answeres are both close, but the practical answer is in signal isolation.. . If a component process an electronic signal and interfaces with outside connections or external devices, you look for isolation to protect the equipment.. . In optoelectronics, the input electronic signal is converted (internally) to a pulse of light and transmitted (again internally to the component) to a receiver where it is then output.  The only interaction between the input stage and the output stage is a blinking light, so you don't see risk of short circuits across your optoelectronic components.Hi Friend,. It is the branch which deals with combined application of optics and electronics. The *PHOTO VOLTAIC EFFECT is at the starting point of this field. One important application of this is found in biomedical equipments (widely in ECG recorders) which facilitates total isolation of patient from the live sensors or transducers which are live electrically. The varying signal can be made to modulate intensity or interval of light pulse trains, which in turn can be demodulated by 'pick ups'. These pickups are out of contact electrically with the preceding sensor circuits there by giving very high levels of electrical isolation. The ultra wide band telephone lines make use of magnetoptics to accomodate staggering numbers of simultaneous conversation signals without any cross interference. they make use of modulated light beams to send and receive information. This field is so vast even the CD Rom pick up, Magnetoptic pick up, DVD pick up etc. all make use of magnetoptic principles.. * PHOTO VOLTAIC EFFECT-This discovery brought nobel price to Albert Einstein. This is the effect shown by some semi conductor materials where by the incident light can produce a proportional electrical voltage. It is also heard that Albert Einstien's 'Theory of Relativity' was never properly understood by the scientific cfraternity in it's initial days and later they found it to be so much revolutionary they were forced to give a nobel price to Albert Einstien and they got this rather trivial discovery of his.(As compared to Relativity)The branch of physics that deals with the interconversion of electricity and light.
Go to your first question. I gave you a rather detailed answer with out getting IT heavy for you.DirecTV station sends channel signals to a satillite that is in space.. Satillite sends signals back to dishes on people's houses.. Satillite box (channel changer) decodes the messages, and displays them through TV.Didn't you ask this half an hour ago?. Dish TV receives digital television from a geostationary satellite.
It is measured, in inches, from opposite corners, i.e. top left to bottom right.Measure the screen diagnally -- e.g. from the top, left corner to the bottom right cornerThe size of a TV is meassured digonally.from diagonal cornersmeasure in inches , diagonally across the screenmeasure diagonally.. ie. top left corner down to btm right.it is measured on the diagonal, from one corner (bottom right) to the opposite corner (top left)I think they measure the screen......top to bottom. Maybe you got cheated.It is measured diagonally from the bottom to the top.is it mesasured diagonally?You measure it diagonally by inches.measured across the diagonal, end to end (not the frame just the tube-the enlcosed box which shows tv programs)it is measured diagonally
YOU NEED TO BUY A CONNECTION FROM TARGETit is very easy. you just have to change the default player to itunes. one quick and easy way to do is to reinstall itunes and it gives you the option. or go to "my computer if you have windows and change your default player from there.
Same looks, same features, same specs, but..... The W600 has one HUGE advantage - it supports external memory (memory sticks), compared to only 256MB of inbuilt memory on the W550.the network support nothing else
go to top of webpage then hit history (on mine its a lil clock) then delete! hope you didn't do anything that bad worth deleting! ; )If u are using internet explorer...go to tools...click internet options...you will see a heading marked HISTORY and click the tab that says 'clear history'...simply clear the history. go to the bottom left and hit the start button. go to the control panel to the internet. from there you can clear history. it will clear your addresses saved in the browers, and your internet history.Go to the top of the page to tools then click on internet options and go to clear history. Hope this helpsgo to your browser's options then  clear your "cache". . also don't forget to go to your folder called. . documents settings/your folder/local settings/temp internet files..  delete all the files from this folder. . and finally select  control+h  for history and clear that as well. . after that.. you are okay and safe..  just don't get caught watching porn or something.There is a option called as clear caches, clear temporary internet files & clear cookies. Do that it will do the needful. Also clear all files in the history part. But whatever websites u visit will always leave the shadow of whatever u have typed so the most advanced hacke can always have knowledge of the list of websites that u have visited.I dont how to delete the shadow of whatever I type.
Have faith in the answering machine and it shall show you the path.Try asking it "what does your hum-mm sound like?"hahahaha.....NOT FUNNYyour retarded....Thats lameBecause it is intimidated by your intelligence.Perhaps it does not understand the question :)  I would try taking it out to dinner and seeing if you can work on the communication skills between the both of you.  Good luck and let me know :)You are not asking the right question
it happens because one of the wires gets more action, or is bent more times than the other. there isnt much you can do, try getting a really good pair, like for sports, they tend to be more rigid.  or get some with a good warranty, so they fix them for you.As you describe it I would assume its a cable thing.. If you notice one side failing try pushing/pulling a lil on the cable that goes into that speaker.. . With a new headphone secure the cable and it should last a while.... helped me, mine are like 5 years old now!its called --stereo--....perfectly normal.....you must use your headphones a LOT.  the only way I've ever broken headphones is to put them under the leg of a chair.  Wires are relatively delicate, and can become brittle with use.  I't perfectly normal for the wire running to one ear to break down before the other, because they don't both get the exact same use, thanks to stereo sound.Yeah, it happens usually on the side you take them on/off first. The wire becomes lose and the lack of contact makes it not work that great if at all.Oh my goodness, same here! But it's because I always take the same one off and swing it around. I don't know why it happens though.
its pretty much a matter of making sure you're keeping your characters posture at the same height of the attack. if someone tries to sweep your legs, duck. etc.its simple do nothing and for low attacks duck other that nothingdude. read the dirctions. you wasted 10 points.  and gave 2 free points to us.  don't ask how to play games k? oh and that woman who said that just jump not duck. duck if they attack the head. block if the go for middle.
it definitely makes the wireless phone much more "wireless".  talk time on almost any bluetooth headset is extremely long between charges, volume is superb.  distance is great too, i can leave my razr charging on the dining table, and i could walk around to do other things such as cook, chores, watch tv, all with no problem.  definitely worth it.An example. I never had a motorola cell but i go through two cell phones a year. all my blue tooth devices are motorola. I dont trust Nokia or Ericcson blue tooth accessories.Bluetooth is a short-range communications technology intended to replace the cables connecting portable and/or fixed devices while maintaining high levels of security. The best thing about them is the key features are that they are low power, and low cost. . . Each device can simultaneously communicate with up to seven other devices.
the motion pictures are stored in frame modules one 30sec motion flim may have nearly <>150 frames and above and not less than minmum of 10. when running the frames forward with a specific speed you will find the picture in the frame with small moves as a motion. for example you take a book not less than 100 pages and see the page number while moveing the pages very fast. you will see the page numbers moves up and down.electroencephalographicThey are exposed onto film for high quality and are usually exposed at 24 frames per second to create a seamless motion.. the frames are exposed by the light coming through the lens, the shutter then opens and exposes the film to light for a fraction of a second and is then taken back into the storage area [ called the magazine] and is then taken to be processed and then scanned in to a digital database.. .  sorry the shutter on a motion picture camera is a spinning mirror that exposes light on the film for 1/24 of a second.. and it isnt always scanned in.
throw it awayYou could get killed.Sounds like it has a short in its wiring. By all--means throw it away. Steam Irons are not very expensive these days. It would probably cost you more to fix it.Get a new one.the best thing to do is throw it away and buy a new one.throw it away go to Kmart or a store like Kmart and buy a new steam iron.I think earthing of Ur house is not good. Please call a electrician to check it.Go to your retailer and let them repair it or get a new one, that thing is *highly* dangerous now, don't use it anymore!
you could record them using a voice memo and then go to settings and set that as a ringer. or you could simply buy it, although most of the time, bought ringers have less quality than recorded ones, well, it depends on the phone.umm.. u can record it from the recording thingy but it dosent come out so clear. u can also download a app from ur phone. then from the app u can buy music. if u download the free apps, the songs u download can expire in a couple days.http://www.mamayek.com/unlimitedringtones.htmlJust download from a website. Some people offer for free but not all the website
Beleive me you cannot afford it!. . It is more than $100K  ($100,000+)Just look for the highest price and TADAA! There it is!in terms of megapixels i doesn't go beyond 10.1 Megapixels. . In terms of quality I like the new Sony DSC-T30 although it has a small lens its really small and cutYou can't afford it. It's in the vicinity of $15,000 or more. They're even up to 30 megapixels and more.. . You need to choose a camera based on what you plan to do with it. Are you taking pictures of friends and family? going traveling and want a pictorial record of your trip? taking pictures of landscapes and scenery? close ups of flowers, insects, or other objects? sporting events? news stories? portraits?. . All of these different uses of cameras usually involve selecting a type of camera that works best for each.. . If you are thinking of digital cameras and you are not shooting professionally, anything that is 3 megapixels and above will produce decent 5" X 7" photos. If you plan to take larger pictures, you need 5 to 8 megapixels.. . However, don't be swayed by megapixels alone. A camera can have a zillion megapixels and be a piece of junk. If you're planning to spend over $100 stick with the better types of Camera made by Canon, Nikon, but also Sony, and some of the newer digitals.. . Good luck. I hope this helps.You not only need more pixels, you need quality of pixels. Canon is the only one for best quality, well depending on what kind of professional work it is for.. . You can buy Canon EOS 5D which is 12.8 million pixels with full size image sensor that means there is no magnification on the lenses.. . But if you want a camera which can give you nearest to film quality then buy Mamiya medium format (film camera) and buy a digital back for it which will give you more than 20 million pixels. There is no better quality beyond that but the digital back costs more than £10,000 and Canon EOS 5D will cost approx £2000 pounds.KODAK
Term used currently in the United States and Canada (and in other countries as well during the 1980s) to refer to most mobile phones. It technically applies specifically to mobile phones which use a cellular network. In developing mobile phone technology, American electrical engineers saw the main technical problem as achieving a smooth handoff from one radio antenna to the next. After they gave the name "cell" to the zone covered by each antenna, it was a natural choice for them to apply the term "cellular" to both the technology and the phones that ran on it.Because the zones that each tower covers is called a cell.
cell phone of course.  Find out what kind of service they have and go to that site and text them.  Yahoo instant messenger doesn't support some phones.or go on the 02 sight you get 10 free texts or u could always try blue toothTheir are two options the first is tht u use yahoo messenger for messeging from computer to phone and the second option is to register on a website www.sms.ac.in here u can send everyday 5 sms to any cellphone for free.There are many free websites that you could access to send free messages to your mobile service.You will have to google it. For example the one listed below.
to kill time. . n' to answer pointless questions.. like yours.. now feel happyThe purpose of your life has to be found out by you. Your mom & dad are just carriers... to say a mode of way to bring you to the world... but to find what is your purpose of your being here is to be found out by you. Think, you are not here to eat, to sleep, to reproduce & to die one day, which every being is doing. Then why you have got this special human being birth. You have look inside you - who you are? Are you the body? Are  you the mind? Are  you the heart - soul? Are you nothing? Find out. Yes, you need a help, a support to begin this process... better join in some good mediatative / yoga class ( not jus asanas) with a good real teacher / guru.Ask your mum and dad!God wants you here for a purpose. . Good Luck and God Bless!!because your dad could not be bothered to put his hand in the draw and take a condom outTo ignore people who ask questions like this.cuz god wanna thatto know and experience life.To earn points:PTo know about ourselvesto help others1) because we have time to wastebecause we're not somewhere else
I vaguely remember what you are talking about.  I'm sure it was a feature that no one used (I know I didn't) and it was discontinued to cut down on manufacturing costs.Why don't you code your own CD and put the index back in.
Send a picture message to your own number. That sets you up on the network and you can receive mms.If it's on the T-mobile network, picture messages really do get put on your tmo "locker" online. if you just go ahead and check it out online, you'd be able to save it from there onto your phone.If you're using the T-Mobile sim card, it may be because you've requested things like GPRS to be disabled, in which case contact T-Mobile about the problem. If you're not using your T-Mobile sim card, the phone is not unlocked and certain features such as picture messaging (or the general use of GPRS which is how your phone sends and receives pictures) will be disabled.
no you cant coz you have to subscribe to the "private nbr" service.*67*67, then the numberPress *67 before you call, and they won't know. It makes it say "Blocked Call", though, so some people might not answer.You go to your phone settings.go to call settings.there will be a caller id option,go to the option,press until it says hide caller id.then the id of your phone will be hidden and the receiver will not be able to see who is calling them.hope i helped.
go to the music store where u got ur videos and try downloading a compleatly different one.. that worked for me.go to bust buy and ask themreturn it and get another one or send to the apple storedo u have a video ipod?maybe you can charge it or wtv . try contacting the ppl u got it fromI would try resetting it.  Look in the manual for instructions.  If that doesn't work, you should exchange it.  It might just be a defected ipod.Maybe because you only have an ipod mini or an ipod shuffle because those are the only two ipods that does not play videos! Duh!?!?
I could try and explain it myself, but really the best thing is to type 'define: MPEG3' into google and you'll get a whole load of proper definitions and explanations.  Do the same for MPEG4 and that your question answered.  Plus it will be right, which isn't necessarily the situation on this place.In the first it is 3 . and in the second one it is 4I dont Know
If you're asking if you can convert "composite" video (yellow wire) to "component" video (red, green, blue wires), even if you could afford it, there's no point. It will only look worse, if even discernable. Unless you're trying to make all video signals in a particular entertainment system layout the same format; you can get a processor to do that, its just not really a consumer product. Commercial stuff has pretty big $$$$$ tag.no conversion neccisary. Just plug them in. The colors on the connectors don't match, so decide which goes where.Apart from using or building a special converter which I don't think you can buy, the only easy way would be to run the RCA video into the Aux input of a DVDR and take the output from the Component Video output.
Buy music and when its in your library on iTunes then go to file update iPod after you plug in your iPod to the computer! I hope this helps.ipod video any other ipod-sameSame way you would a regular iPod.  You have to connect it to your computer and load the music through ITunes.  You can copy all your music to the Itunes folder, and it will ask you when you first hook up your Ipod if you would like to automatically update the songs on your ipod.  . That's the way I've always done it anyway.  . I'd say a better way to find out would be to go to Apple's website to find a more thorough description of how to do it.
you need all new wiring in your walls for that...not so easy you might want to call a certified electiritianUnless you want a burnt house instead of food, get an electrician.I am an electrical contractor.  You will need to run a new circuit (wiring) from the panel (where your circuit breakers are) to the stove outlet location.  It is usually not cheap and the appliance stores rarely tell you about that little fact.  I am in CA and the average cost for us to do it would probably end up being $400-$600.
Factory trained camera tech here. I own a JVC camcorder and they are actually quite good for their price.. . However, several recent models of JVC camcorders had an inherent defect from the factory. The defect was a high failure rate of the (Sony-made) CCD image sensors in these cams. JVC has posted a notice on their website stating that they will repair this defect for free under a special warranty if the camera is sent directly to them. See the link below to determine if your model is included.. . Good luck!. WKCan your camcorder display picture on the view finder? If the answer is yes then there is a fault with LCD screen on your camcorder and you need to get it fixed by authorised repairer.. . If your answer is no, then the problem is not with LCD but in camcorder circuit. If you camcorder is still in the warrenty then you won't have to pay to get it repaired by JVC.
The very same way you download English-speaking songs into your iPod.  It doesn't matter what language the song is in as long as it meets the requirements of the type (extension) of file.. . Don't expect it to translate the song to English though....If you are trying to purchase songs from out side of your country on the iTunes Music Store, you will not have success unless you have a credit card or paypal account registered in the country you desire to purchase music fromYou would just load them as normal. It won't matter if the song ID tags or the song are in a foreign language
Check your size settings. The picture doesn't quite fill the screen and so you are seeing part of the sync bar. Some times you will even see like small dots or bars running along that line from right to left.You must've got a dud.  Take it back.they damaged the tv when handling and shipping. or your tv screen affected by magnetif its new then its a bad tv, but otherwise the picture may not be aligned well on the tv settings. go to the tv menu not the cable box menu. also, refer to your instructions
you need a broadband connection (dsl) not dial-up. then go to the front page and click multiplayer not splitscreenyou need a broadband connection and an Ethernet cable
NONE... They just changed the name at the Last minute for E3.guess what? none.Its just a name change thats all.The Nintendo Wii was called the Nintendo Revolution before the name change. People who still call it the Revolution are (most likely) people who like the name Revolution better than Wii.Nintendo Wii was called the Nintendo Revolution before the name change. People who still call it the Revolution are (most likely) people who like the name Revolution better than Wii.Revolution was the codename unto they thought of a final name.There is no difference. The Nintendo Wii is the official name. The Nintendo Revolution was the codename.They're the same thing, but I think Nintendo Revolution sounds cooler
there should be a USB cable that comes with the camera. connect the camera and computer together. if your computer is fairly recent, then it should be running windows XP. your computer would recognize your camera and prompt you what you want to do with ur picturesIf you have a memo card you put it in the sd/mmc/sm/ms/ms.PRO slotI do have a digital camera. That has a USB cable that i can connect it to computer. But first you need to install the software that comes with camera.. . The first thing you should do is read and the manual and see if you have a USB interface to connect to computer.
When i put my videos on my iPod in a playlist it played fine. Try restoring the factory settings and then play the playlist after re-updating your iPod. Or go the the store that you bought it at and ask them.please,download the program from the interest
if you just have audio inputs and no video input you probably need a RF modulator they cost about $17.00.If you also have a vcr plugged into your tv, you can try plugging the DVD player into the VCR using the RCA connectors.  Otherwise, you can go with the RF Modulator which will convert the RCA to Coax (your typical spin on connector with the little stinger coming out of the middle).
Some people believe that the signals cause brain cancer. However, there is no credible (CREDIBLE) reports that prove this. People typically are afraid of things they don't understand.Your question is rather vague.. . The greatest risk is falling off the roof.. . But at least you'll be in the right place to get attention if you do.
Depends which part you are referring to. Central London has tourists everyday going to the well known attractions such as the London Eye, Houses of Parliament and so on.Oh, the streets heave with tourists every day of the week. But it brings in a good deal of money for the country I suppose...too crowded, avoid at all costs!A crap overflowing city with a high crime rate, if thats what you like, go for itok
it depends...on the camera and where the scratches are.. if the scratches are on the lens, youre kindof in trouble. but there are some cameras where you can actually change the case, if yours is not one of those, you cant really help it.you cvant really other than buying a new one or exchanging it
Take it to a jeweler or try using one of those low abrasive polishes you find at a home improvemnt store.I have used metal polish on acrylic material (Perspex) to get rid of rough sawn edges.. Try that.there is a product called BRASSO on the market that is used by the military for brass polishing, it is non abrasive and will work on plastic to remove scratchesPlastic crystal?  Maybe you can find a new one in another box of cereal.GO TO LOWES AND BUY SPRAY GLOSS URATHAINE ONLY IF ITS REALLY PLASTIC NOT GLASS
Mp3's are file types that are recongized on computers, CD players, and Mp3 players. You can burn it to a CD (AKA Put it on a CD) and put the CD in your car. You can transfer it to your iPod or Mp3 player and listen to the songs on that. Overall, mp3's are just a file type (.mp3) that are usually song (sound) files.Yes you can burn MP3 to your CD .Mp3 compress of the regular music. So actually you can put more and better qualityyou burn it on to a cd or download it on to your mp3 player!there beeter music holders than ipod. I have a mp3. you could watch tv, listen to raido, take pictures, tell time, hold video, hold pctures! but it only holds 2gb and its a korean model. Was 500 dollars though.its a music player that you can downloads songs on to from your computer
The 60 will be a much faster loading and you will be able to store more stuff that you want to save.the 60 gb is probably faster.Uuuuhhh...... . 60gb - 20gb = 40gb.. . The difference is 40gb.the only differance is price since the 20gb will not have wireless or mediaslots or hdmi outputs. basically a stripped down version to lower the cost for those only looking to play games and not do alot of multimedia activity on.The games itself don't matter, what matters is how much games are you gonna play, so that the HDD has more space, 20G's is much more than the idiotic 8G's of the Xbox, but still, $600 is friggin expensive, i preffer to buy, like in the Microsoft press conference said, a 360 and a Wii rather than just a $600 PS3.. Well to your question, 20G's means you have a little less space, to put music, games, videos, etc. but 60G's will make the console go a LITTLE bit faster, and much more space, but still, I don't plan on using 60G's on a console, preferably on my PCSony set out to make the PS3 your home media center, with the ability to download and upload movies music and all kinds of media. The 60 G will offer more space to do exactly that, but if you just want strictly a game console the 20 will operate exactly the same, same games, same speed, same graphics.. . Added: The HD size has "ZERO" to do with speed. Think of it as a hose filling a 20 gallon bucket vs. a 60 gallon the water (data) goes the same speed the 60 just holds more. This is what makes the machine fast:. 1 gig of sram. Main RAM 25.6GB/s. RSX @550MHz. Total floating point performance: 218 GFLOPS. These specs are the same for both.The 60GB will have more memory that's about it.  Just like purchasing a 30GB vs 60GB ipod.  They will perform the same, but storage space will be severely limited on the 20GB version.  More storage is always better.Basically if you play games a lot you will want to get the 60 gig hard drive. I holds more space, and will be faster after you have saved a lot of stuff to the memory. If you dont play a lot of games the 20 gig is cheaper and wont hurt your gaming experience much so Its really your choice.
Maybe your phone have a software problem.Bring your phone to Nokia Care Center and let them fix your phone.have you tried turning your phone off and then wait for a few minutes before turning it on again? . something prally got stuck in there so you couldnt hear the person calling. usually happens if youve dropped ur phone before.. or try going to your phone's website and look for services.
turn off the lights!  it is probably a solar calculator!i have one like that at work. it just kinda goes off when its ready . ill look over and the stupid thing has turned itself offJust cover it with its lid or if it doesn't have one turn it over and muffle it with something bulky. Normally if there is no off label it is solar powered or just shuts down when you don't use it for hours at a time.. . I hope this has helped you.
PMPO stand for Peak Momentary Power Output, a truly worthless unit of measure, good speakers / amplifiers are always measured in watts RMS ( root mean squared ), PMPO makes the speaker rating lok artificially high as it measured for the small peak time a speaker or amp can hold the signal ( and I mean VERY short as in miliseconds ), but conmsidering any and all speaker can be measured that way ( and in that case you would see really good speakers with even more insane PMPO numbers ), but those that use the PMPO will fail in the true RMS, as true RMS rating reflect a speaker that can be driven at a given wattage all day long with a given amount of distortion ( very low percentage ), PMPO cannot and are very low threshold speakers / amps, hence the cheap PMPO rating to make it seem like you get a lot of power handling for very little money.Watts are the used to measure power ( mechanical or electrical). Therefore the watts written on speakers is their power output while PM PO is just a way to sell crappy speakers and fooling people :)))I think both units of measurement are bogus.  PMPO is a ridiculous measurement designed to further confuse an already confused consumer market.  RMS Watts are a measurement that describes a speakers ability to accept power for a prolonged period without damage.  It doesn't measure how efficiently the speaker uses said power and it doesn't describe the quality of the output.. . I would like to see a new industry standard unit of measurement introduced that with one glance will tell you power handling, efficiency, and frequency response.  This is a pipe dream, because the industry likes to keep the consumer in the dark, but a guy can wish, right?
Using a magnet.  The electric signals flow in coil around the magnet and the resultant would be that the magnet moves back and forth, A diaphragm is attached so the diaphraghm moves back and forth, so the air moves and you hear the sound.Check this site.  It is interesting.  http://computer.howstuffworks.com/sound-card.htm
I think you can find the volume on the side of your phone then you can press it or you can check your setting. Go back to your phone manual and read it carefully. I'm sure you can do it. Good luck.you make a call to your home phone or any were and press speaker button if you have and trun up the volume form there it happened with my phone.
Why not?Laziness and they don't care.  Such a shame...I work for a Recycling company and I think people really do a nice job of recycling.Maybe it depends what part of the country you live in.People are lazy and sometimes they don't notice what is happening to our environment. (Especially rich people)Irresponsibility.Some people are just lazy and don not care about the environment. If people pitched in we wouldnt hae global warming. =)There is no incentive.  You pay for a bin, you pay for pick-up, you do all the work of sorting, then your utility rates go up.
a podcast is like a TV show, except they are usually audio only. they are like a TV show in the fact that there are individual episoides. they are different in the fact that they are made to be downloaded for free and listened to (or for video podcasts, watched) whenever you want to. to use an audio podcast on your iPod nano all you have to do is add it to the sync list.The term podcast, like "radio", can mean both the content and the method of delivery. A podcast is generally analogous to a recorded television or radio series. Podcasters' web sites usually offer direct download or streaming of their files, but a podcast is distinguished by its ability to be downloaded automatically using software capable of reading RSS or Atom feeds.. . You can find tons of podcasts at http://www.podcast.net/A Podcast is usually a audio-only file that people can post to their websites or blogs. It can be news, opinions, etc - but is usually spoken word.. . The easiest way to get podcasts is via iTunes - they have a podcast section now.. . If you know anybody that produces podcasts, you can download the file, just like a music file, and drag it into the Podcast folder in iTunes, and synch it to get it loaded into your nano.
Anvil dropped from a hundred feet up.use a hammerRead the manual. if its not there, it simply means U CANT.  But if you are still pissed off with the sound, just hit it with a hammer...dat always work...lol
Usually a blown internal fuse in a microwave oven means a shorted magnetron which instantly turns your microwave oven into a large paperweight. If the mag is bad it is totalled.. . WKThe wattage could me too high for your outlet or too much could be pluged into the outlet.It has gotten internally short circuit.
The only recommended way is to get a head cleaner tape. If it is a DV camcorder the head cleaning tapes usually costs £20, and cheaper for others.Contrary to the above - most manufacturers strongly disagree. Some even voiding the warranty if head cleaning tapes are used. Mostly they don't work anyway.. The only proper way is to get the unit cleaned professionally.. . More importantly, why are the heads dirty in the first place? Camera's rarely need to be cleaned unless faulty tapes are used or they have crashed due to moisture and tapes being left in them.
No. There is no way. We are all doomed.Try going to the motorola websiteim not sure but if you type that into google (motorlolaV5255 manual) it will probably show up with the manual for it. . . hope i helped, GiCall your phone company to see if they have a booklet or some sort of instructions for this phone. If not go to any cell phone store and ask them. If they don't have any instructions for you, ask them what store may carry that type of phone.. The best way to put things on it is to do it your way, not someone else's way. You may end up with things you don't want or don't want to pay for.go to get it now and buy the stuff
is a video recording device.previously , video cams had the lens and CCD part separately and the recorder separately...the camera person had to carry the recorder separately along with the camera... in a camcorder , the recorder is inbuilt. but camera mobiles are different since it doesnt use tape... it uses its memory card to store the video information. . . like manish said , video cam mobiles allow you to record video on the goIt's a video camera.  Its name comes from "recording camera.". . Use in a mobile what?Are you talking about a mobile camcorder?. . Well it's a camera built into a mobile phone that allows you to capture short videos and you can send them to your friends. With this camcorder in mobile, you can also do video conferencing, i.e., others can see you while you talk to them provided your mobile network allows you to do so.
You would need to convert the video (any video from your computer) into a format readable to the ipod. You would need some program to convert this video (you can search for one, I had PSP 9) but you can by video and movies from iTunes and then put them in your ipod.O.K. so, open iTunes and enter say, a DVD. Then ask iTunes to copy the DVD onto iTunes. This may take an hour or two... :(
Most banana plugs I have seen, need to be crimped on the wire.  So you would need a crimper to do it.. . You have to make sure that your receiver has binding posts for banana plugs.They need to be crimped on to the wire but you also need to make sure there are no plastic caps on the speakers or on the reciever. Crimps can be bold at radioshack or any computer store.
get a usb bluetooth dongle off ebay for supa cheepBluetooth is an industrial specification for wireless personal area networks (PANs), also known as IEEE 802.15.1. Bluetooth provides a way to connect and exchange information between devices like personal digital assistants (PDAs), mobile phones, laptops, PCs, printers and digital cameras via a secure, low-cost, globally available short range radio frequency.. . The adapters range in price, depending on your brand name. TigerDirect has a few for as low as $9.99 (after rebate). Simply plug the device into the computer's USB and you'll be able to use Bluetooth to connect your computer and phone.The only way to transfer data would be thru bluetooth, unless you have a cable (which can be found online or in most cell phone stores). If you check Circuit City or Best Buy, most of them sell a little blue thumb-shaped thing that plugs into your USB and gives your computer Bluetooth support, all for around $30. . It's made by Kensington.
Some numbers are recycled when they aren't being used anymore. When I got my cell phone, I was getting calls for the person that used to have my number for a while.With a three digit area code, and a seven digit local phone number, there are literally hundreds of millions of numbers, that are available, in the U.S. alone. When a new number needs to be assigned to a telephone customer, they go down a list, and assign one of the millions of numbers that are available, to the new customer.they recycle old numbers... most people don't stay on one plan
Perhaps the person you are speaking to is placed in a small room. Hence this is occuring. You can even place the cell phone a little farther away from your mouth & speak, that may help.Speakerphone does that a lot, and there's no helping it except to switch it off and talk normally.  The speakerphone could be on on their end or yours.that doees that alot with metro pcs. I can mean you phone is being tapped or someone is on speakerphone.Throw it in a bath of water, i did that and it hasn't echoed since in fact it doesn't even switch on anymore.
Ipod is great.I put my whole CD collection on it..1375 CD's plus more ,. My Ipod has over 11.000 songs on it , bunch of videos and pics and podcasts.. Still have about 18 gigs left.. Most certainly worth the price.Yes. As long as they are MP3's, Atrac, or ATRACplus files, they will work on the iPod. .WAV and everything else will not work as far as I know.Well yeah if you get the songs from a CD.My friend has one and she didn't get a free downloads Cd with it so she borrowed CDs from this girl I know and now she has over 200 songs.Most of them from CDsyes just drag and drop files then itunes with convert them for you
Those boxes are crap. I've had that problem and about 20 others. Go to another channel and come back.Call Comcast for a new one.
Go to the folder where your ipod gets the picture from. Should be somewhere in My Pictures. Remove it from the folder and then update. It should work. or go to Start, My Computer. Click on your ipod's name, and go to Photos and look around for it and delete it. If you can't get to it from My Computer,  you need to check allow for disk use in itunessame problem. when u get an answer please email me and tell me at:. go_mets1200@yahoo.com. thanx,. v-vYou could either delete your pictures form your pictures folder or enable your iPod for disk drive. I recommend that you use that instead. Once you do, you could freely take pics out from your iPod and songs too.
HDTV means the TV has a tuner built into it to pick up local HDTV signals with an over the air antenna. In some cases the tuner will decode HDTV cable too (Cable Card).. . HDTV ready means the TV will display high definition, but it requires an external over the air tuner to get the local stations, or an external cable box capable of decoding High Def signals.. . If your source is satellite, then in both cases you need an external HDTV satellite reciever and it will connect to the TV through a DVI or HDMI connection.exactly what siberia said
so you can connect your tvs sound up to it for better quality louder aswellIt allows the amp to switch not just the audio but the video streams too. As an example, I have a VCR, DVD player and Satellite receiver and hook all three into the AVR (Denon 2106) and then I run video to the TV from the AVR. Now I can listen to anything in much better sound and I don't have to fool with changing inputs on the TV and AVR.The video connections are for people that have mutiple video sources: VCR, DVD player DVR, ect...  This way when you push the DVD button on your receiver, the video and audio are switched together.You could hook up another screen.  Otherwise, it's a waste of a perfectly good plugamps typically dont have multiple a/v inputs and dont switch inputs, what you have is probably a reciever, or an integrated amp.  A true amp is meant to be used with a pre-amp.  The preamp has all the inputs, and the amp powers the speakers.  Receivers are basically a pre-amp and an amp combined, and they usually have a tuner.  An integrated amp is basically the same as a receiver except that it doesnt have a built in tuner.. . Anyways, they have video inputs so that you have have your vcr, dvd player, satelite, and your game systems all hooked up to your tv at once, and only need to hit one button to switch them.Convenience, it is an Audio Visual amp.  It just allows you to have one point to connect all of your devices for sound and video and then one output to the TV.  It allows you to switch sources quickly and easily.The video in and outputs usually are there for a convenience.Some people have DVD and Video sources that need to be hooked up to a tv with limited inputs. There is no signal loss in using the amps in and outs and the High Def outputs can actually amplify the signal to give a better quality picture,using component inputs or S-VHSread your question. its an AV amp audio video im sure you can connect video to itYou use the video inputs to use the amp/receiver as the main unit in your system.  Many receivers have a component output and several inputs.  By using this, you allow the reciever to switch the audio and video for you.  Think of it as a router or a hub.  It works well.
You my be referring to the NEC IC UPC1093 which is a precision adjustable shunt regulator. Check out the data sheet link below to see if this is it.. . WKi think you have the date code.  10th week of 1993.... . any other numbers?
If you can't do it yourself then visit your service provider and they'll do it for you. It isn't easy if you're not familiar with your phone and it also depends on what model you are using.find the settings in the settings page to off it. if u doesn't have one, find a blank logo. usually, there's websites will provide you with a blank operators logo.. it will make your phone looks like no operator logo, but actually, it does have a blank one.
I wouldn't suggest buying a Fuji.  Look into buying a Canon instead.400
try the links below:if you mean how they got the code they probably have a cheat code book or they just play around to see what happensGo to google, type in cheats and there you will find different web sites on cheats.a:) the game creators leak them. b:) they hack the game to find them. no one above me even answerd the right question!!!! god i hate that.. ----------------------------------------------------------www.gamefaqs.comgo to www.megagames.comgot to site gamezone.com and enter the title of the game you find thereign.coming
as already said around 1ghz range, but countries tend to have there own set of frequencies.. . If you buy a tri band phone it has frequencies for example . USA - UK and europe, this means tri band phones have 3 sets of frequencies they can operate on.. . So hope that helps you, if you look on google there are scanner enthusiasts who actually list all the frequencies of all the networks world wide, too much info for here but worth a look if your interested in that area.There are two bands of frequencies in use for cellphones.. . One is a little below 1GHz and one is a little above.
use a division of wire splitting and putting wires together.go here . . by the way Nice Surround systemJust tell ur local electrician to do it.Okay good one. Hope you have an AV RECEIVER that is capable of decoding 7.1 channel sound. If you have one of those just go and plug all the satellites to the terminals located in the back of the AV RECEIVER and plug the sub woofer to the sub woofer terminal. Now set the phase control or just go and set the cut of frequency for the sub woofer, calibrate the overall soind and you are done. If you have an older 5.1 then you have to compromise on 2 satellites, or else go get an powered stereo amplifier and look if there is anyway you can connect it to av receiver and speakers. Hope that answers your question.
That's an error code. Try reseting it (soft restart, won't erase your music if done properly). If that doesn't resolve it, contact support.Orange= Charging. Green=On. Flashing=(possibly low battery)This is indeed an error code which indicates that the shuffle lost contact with the computer while performaing an operation and is now stuck. I would recommend trying to reset it. If that does not work, make sure that you have the latest version of iTunes and download the latest iPod updater. You can try to use that to reset the Shuffle back to factory settings. If that fails, and the shuffle is still under warranty, take it down to the local Apple store or call Apple support. They will likely declare it DOA and replace it. If it is out of warranty, some people have had success using a disk utility to reformat the drive, then running the updater to reset it. Good Luck.
Well at least you can use your phone with different carriers & aren't stuck having to purchase another expensive phone if you decide to switch.i have an unlocked phone and my service is great. unlocking the phone doesn't mess with the signal it picks up. unlocking the phone lets the phone be picked up by one or more carriers.Unlocking your phone does great things like no roaming charges or long distances because it uses all carriers for transfer.
go into the folder and delete them that way or just click on the setting on itunes and it will delete them that way for uU cannot delete the pics directly from ipod dude... . When ur ipod is connected, itunes opens up.. In that if u check the options of ipod, it would give u the location from where it is loading the pics into ur ipod... If u don't want to have one perticular pic in ur ipod, delete it from that folder so that if ipod is updated, it doesnot load that perticular photograph.... If u can give me ur email id, i'll forward the user guide of nano..Open up the iPod in My Computer and go to photos then there are a bunch of folders and you have to find the right one and delete the picture.  If you reconnect the iPod to the computer it will add it again unless you delete the picture in the folder.
If you are trying to get sound from the TV through the external speakers, you need to connect your TV to another amplifier, then run the speakers from there.First, you need a brand-new wire.  Then connect the. speaker to the audio input on your VCR.
5th generation?How fast do those things breed?!Go to radio Shack and get a 1/8 inch to male RCA cable, then connect that to your ipod and an open plug on the back of your amplifier. Or, use an FM transmitter.
Call your service provider. PUK codes are specific to your sim card numbernobody has the same puk code.... everyone's is different. . go ask your phone company... they can figure it out for you. usually it can be your last four digits, SSN, or whatever the store put in...the puk code is not for the phone .it is on the Sim card .go to your network provider
Another way is to transfer the contact on your memory card and then copy it.uninstall the antivirus on ur phone first if u have any. download "EasyBackup" then install it on ur phone. the software is available in http://www.imserba.com .just register to their site for free then go to the forum section. under the forum section, choose categories like s60 applications. click it then search for EasyBackup.go for a data cable dku2 software and synch ur phone with ur comp. & walla!! its donefirst you have to make sure that your phone's bluetooth  and those of your PC is activated. Maybe you are having problems with one of the devices that's why there's an error while operating it. . you can try connecting your bluetooth phone to another device to make sure the connection is ok. do the same with your PC.
There is not *one* site for all -- there are several (private) sites, which collect POIs.... . You might search the Internet for "poi garmin download" or "poi garmin collection" "or "waypoint download".... . I've my own collection with >20.000 POIs ;-)They do have a list of sites that offer POI downloads:
connect to a computer, open drive f (psp), enter the music folder, open folder where your music is saved, pick songs, then drag them over to the psp music folder. have funfirst download them or rip them then turn it to mp3 format and go on to your psp through your usb cabel then go in to the psp folder and in there go to the music folder and put it there i just get all my songs off limewire it is already formatted and for movies doenload psp action replay off of limewire and it will put movies on 4 ugo to  www . game stop . com and they will tell my
It stands for EVolution Data Optimized, and it's the newest version of wireless data transmission.  Much faster than the internet access that was available on previous phones and aircards.EVolution Data Optimized.
Answered this previously for another community member.... . . Everything that you need to download the pics to your PC will come with the camera. The typcial digital camera comes with a USB cable to connect the camera to the PC. It also will ship with some software for managing the photos on your PC.. . One accessory that you might consider when you buy the camera is a Memory reader. You can leave the memory reader connected to your PC and when you want to download photos you just pop the memory card out of the camera and into the memory reader. The PC sees the memory card as another drive and you can drag and drop the photos from the memory card to the PC's desktop or folders.. . The reader I have is from Sandisk:. http://www.sandisk.com/Products/Catalog(1079)-Readers_Writers_and_Adapters.aspxlook itdepends on which model it is but u have to install camra software first.Your camera should have come with a cord that plugs into the usb port on your computer, and it should have come with a program that you install into your computer in order to download the pictures.  Ususally the program has to be isntalled before you can download the pictures via the port.have ur pics printed and insert them in ur foppy disk drive. lolwe need more information to answer this question.  do you have a cord???does your camera have any outputs???if you just want the pics--your best bet is to take the memorie card out of the camera and go to save-ons or somewhere to develop film and have them make them into picsnot a prob. at all if u have win xp jus conect ur camera to it & walla!! the comp configures ur camera by itself after that a box appears please click the option OPEN FOLDERS to view files..(connect ur camera via the usb provided with ur camera)if u have a scanner its easy.if u dont download pictures in ur cd and than to ur computer.Are you fricken serious?!  I am sure you know what a USB port is right...(universal serial bus) Windows XP does have this new and exciting plug and play feature, and even if your device is not recognized, you can use the internet to download the driver...if a prompt window doesn't show up, go to my computer, and you will see a few different categories...C: (your cpu's hard drive) D: (your disk drive) and devices with removable storage usually E: F: G: and H: one of them should be your device (your camera) right click and choose explore, your folders will pop-up and you are good to hook...there are two ways, first is you should have a cable with the camera which you plug in to a usb port on your computer and the camera, and then follow the instructions on your computer. second is you get yourself a little memory card reader (this will depend on the type of memory card in your camera), you take the card out of the camera, put it in the reader and then plug it into a usb port on your computer.
It should just unplug, there is nothing special to it.  Monster cables, if it is that, can tend to be a little snug.. . Just give it a little more force, pulling it straight out.It should come right out unless you broke the end or something odd like that.
Ask your sealer or refer to the manual. Though its very easy - just fill it, shut it and forget itcheck the users manual...if you put it in wrong, you'll have wasted a roll of perfectly good film, and it could damage your camera. so if you don't have a manual, take it somewhere and have some sort of specialist help you.
different universal remote with different way of programing it depend on the type of remote.Click on this link, it has many brands of tv's for programming, a universal remote... http://www.adaptivation.com/utrdevcode.htm#TVCODEShold button down until red light stops blinking........They usually come with codes for each brand of TV. If yours didn't (or if you lost the instructions), try looking on-line for the brand of remote that you haveYou need a code for each piece of electronics you want to program.  Do you have a listing for different brands of televisions with their corresponding code numbers?. . Turn on tv.  Press "tv" on remote; press "set" or something like that"; enter the code #; does it work?  Might have to press "set" again after entering code.With a Unversial Remote Manual
DVD recorder stores on a 3.5 inch DVD (As of now) and is of HD resolution.  A hard drive will store on a built-in hard drive that you need to transfer to a DVD/CD/Tape at a later time.. . Both camcorders will playback what you have recoreded.HardDrive = DVD-RAM, can record and erase unlimited amount of data, including .jpgs.. DVD can be DVD-R, or DVD-RW, can be formatted(finalized) to play on standard DVD players, no .jpgsWell the biggest difference is how the camcorder stores the video. The DVD one will record the video to a DVD disc, and a hard drive camcorder will record the video to a built in hard drive.well the biggest thing i know is that the dvd camcorder records on dvd and the hard drive records onto the hard drive.DVD camcorder is easier to use in the sense that you can playback directly on a DVD player. You don't need to connect your camcorder to your television. Each DVD disc records 30mins of video only.. . Harddrive camcorders have built-in hard drives which can record at least 4 hours video. The quality is similar to DVD camcorder but difference is that, if you want to edit the video, you can download it to your computer faster than real time. For example if you have a 4hour video, it won't take 4 hours to download to your computer. But yes if you want to playback on television, you need to connect your camcorder to your television.. . Hard Drive camcorders also allows you to change the video quality settings. On 20GB hard drive you can record 4hours to 12 hours video.
some times there is a volume dial on the head set so. check it and if not talk to a sails consoltent.This particular phone doesn't produce a lot of good quality sound.  If it is as high as it will go, in settings and you think there is a problem, take it in for a sales tech to look at.  Otherwise there isn't much else you can do.
You can get the manual  by searchin in the net. thats only the solution i hope .The person above me's way of doing it is about the stupidest thing I have ever heard. Why mess with the firmware folder on the iPod's harddrive when you can do it through iTunes? Go into iTunes and get to the pictures the same way you did before to get them in there, which is to go to edit-preferences-iPod tab-Photos sub-tab, and just delete them from there.when you connect your ipod it probaly make the itunes screen come up so you have to x out of there then you have to go to:. 1.MY COMPUTER. 2.your ipod-double click. 3.you probaly won't see any folders so you have to go to TOOLS on the top. 4.click on FOLDER OPTIONS.. 5.click on the 2nd tab-VIEW. 6.click on SHOW HIDDEN FILES AND FOLDERS it's under the 2nd folder. 7.press ok. 8.now go to the ipod screen there should be like 2 folders. (i don't own an ipod to tell you the exact steps from now on but i did upload a ton of stuff for some friends, that's how i know& i haven't done it for like 3 months and i forget some parts). 9.you could try viewing the folders in thumbnail maybe you could see something . 10.if not you'll have to go through all the folders . 11.the pics should be in a folder called IPOD PHOTO CACHE or PHOTO CACHE. 12.when you disconnect the ipod and you can still see the pics it must mean there were more saved in other folders. (soorrryy couldn't get more into specifics but i hope i've helped somehow or someone else if not you)
Nuclear bombTHROW IT OUT THE WINDOW INTO THE MAIN STREET, I CAN TELL U U WILL NEVER SEE ALL OF THESE CONTACTS AGAINGo into your menu, then select settings..find the number that has 'security' next to it, select by pressing OK. Enter your security code which is usually the last 4 digits of your mobile number. In there you will find a selecting which says 'erase contacts'...this will lead you through the steps to deleting the entire phone book of contacts at once. Hope this helps, good luck!
i use nero program. I think its downloadable. I don't remember.There is a small program out there, it's a FREE download called "FreeRip" it is excellent you can make MP3s or turn WAVs in MP3s or MP3s into WAVs. It's a safe place to download too.  Very simple software to use.. .  Here is the URL for the download if you decide to use it: http://www.download.com/3000-2140_4-10050140.htmlMP3's are much like data files. I am presuming that you are using Windows Xp Professional. In this case, you dont even require a burning software!! amazing isn't it? but ofcourse, you need to have a cd or dvd burner. . . So here is the list of things you require:. . 1. cd/dvd wirte. 2. burning software (WINXP PRO has inbuilt or if you have baught a cd/dvd writer the sofware comes bundled with it). . Go to the folder contaning the MP3 files select whichever files you want to burn or all of them if you require. Right click on any/them, on the menu look for send to, on clicking upon send to there's a sub menu, by default the last option is your CD/DVD drive. Once you click on it, ther's a massege on the system tray area (the right bottom of you screen), if you click the bubble it opens the cd writing wizard. Look for left top you can see in the folder pane a line called "Write these filse to cd/dvd", Click on it.. . What happens when you dont have the cd/dvd writing option on the send to menu. Dont worry!!! Here's the answer to that. . Open My Computers (Explorer Window), right click on the cd/dvd icon, go to properties, the properties window shall pop up, in the properties window the last tab is recording, click on that, and look for the option "Enable CD recording on this drive", click the check box and VOILA!!! there you are, you have just enabled WIN XP Pro Cd/DVD wirting.. . Well, another way is to wirte it through cd/dvd buring software like nero/ roxio etc. Most of this softwares are very user friendly and easy to operate. If I go on it will too long here, Dont you think? So, I would suggest, in case you are using any of the cd/dvd writer software, go through its help files or the manual.use the software-burning deviceUse Nero to burn an mp3.These days you can use just about any program out there, including Windows Media Player.  It used to be a 2-step process and most people couldn't manage it.  Now it's just drag and drop.
It would say it on the ipod's screen. Please confirm you are indeed using a USB cable as firewire is not supported and try restoring with Ipod updater http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?artnum=60983Does it say this on the iPod screen or through iTunes?  What kind of cord are you using?
Connect a vcr to the tv.  turn the tv to channel 3 or 4.  connect the cable to the vcr.  use the vcr to tune your channels.take it into a shopDoes it have a UHF and VHF. If so, then you can't get cable. You'll need a cable tuner (any VCR will do).. . If it is a cable ready TV (anything from the mid 80's on should be) you need to somehow get to the setup screen. There is a setting somewhere to switch it from "air" to "cable". If youhave the original remote you should be able to do it. If this is a replacement "all-in-one" remote it might be more difficult.
It's none of my business :Pwww.apple.comResetting the shuffle basically amounts to turning it off, then back on again. Make sure that the shuffle is disconnected from your computer, then turn the power switch to the off position, wait 5 seconds, the turn it on again. If this does not clear the problem, you can use the latest version of the iPod updater software to restore it to factory settings.Press and hold the menu and center button for a couple seconds... that should work.
This company is a great source for electronic music and audio kits and information. Check their website out thoroughly and order a few kits. There is a lot of inexpensive education to be had there.. . WKWell your pedals themselves have all the electronics inside them but I don't think they were exactly designed to have them messed around with (I'm not saying what you're doing is a bad thing, actually it's very creative) but just don't blow it up or anything stupid like that. If you want a distortion pedal with lots of sounds and effects then get one that you just step on it and it automatically stays on that distortion and you can program the distortion into it to your liking. I think mine's a *runs downstairs* Behringer or something like that. It's got 125 options on it and it has red LCD displays. I think you can hook it up to a microphone too but I'm not brave enough to do that.
Surely you don't believe that you can get such a code without paying a price do you? Nothing is "free" anymore!. . Have a great day!You have i875 ? Cant be !what type of phone is I have a boost too. (i415)I don't believe there is such a thing. . . If there was, I think more people would know about it and Boost would be out of business. LOLi don't knowthat is not true
get rabbit earsBigger aerial or put the existing one higher. . that is assuming the original is pointing the right wayget cableDigital Cablecable or satalite!!!!!!!!!!!!!Probably you are asking about your antenna, if it is a cable just contact your service provider. If you want to get a clear view use a good antenna (V shape is better) and put it higher as possible. Use 5c coaxial cable. Check your cable connections. don't use broken cables. Use an outdoor TV booster. If you want to get more channels (foreign and satellite) you need a large dish antenna, satellite receiver and a feeder horn. There are books about antennas, read some of those.use a metal coat hanger dude it works like a charm jst play with it a little and BAM crystal clearcable - Make sure cable connections are secure and in tact.  If so, consider replacing cables.  Also, check to ensure no cables are touching any power supplies.. . antenna - Ensure connection to tv set and not blocked by metal or concrete.  Near a window is best.  Consider a power antenna.
It should snap off, r else theres a tiny button u press. Sometimes it doesn't come off at all. I have a razr so idk.You can go to google and type in motorola v60 faceplates and click on links i think that should work!
You can buy a set top box that picks up whatever you have available in your area.. So you will get all your local channels.. They make those for HD or just regular analog signals.. . Generally range from 50-300$not too sure this helps. but as far as i know different set-top boxes are designed to decode different types of signals received. as such "different channels = different signals". So it might after all not possible to buy a set-top box which can watch any/all channels because there are a fixed range of signals each set-top box are able to decode.
buy a new case,,,do the toothpaste 1buy another face coverTry toothpaste. Rub it gently on the surface with a napkin in a circular motion and then wipe it off in the same way with a new napkin.depending on how deep the scratches are you can spray a deodorant at the screen then wipe off gently and the scratches should come offBuy a new phone.if you figure that one out, please let me know lolscam the phone compant into paying for it by breaking your phone while still keeping in the warrentyDepending on the model of your phone, you can either 1-buy a faceplate cover which usually comes with a new lens (check with the company first to make sure unless its listed, you can find really cheap ones here: www.mygift.com most have lenses) or 2- (and more expensive) get a replacement lens from the manufacturer.Sorry, not much you can do about it. You could try a replacement screen from a similar phone if it means that much to you. If not a replacement phone is probably cheaper. I have this problem a lot myself, being a tradesman.
I assume you have itunes? when you insert the CD it will ask what format you want it read in, select itunes and it will automatically convert to mp3s which can then be uploaded to your ipodIf you are using Itune to update your Ipod then you can find a CD ripper button in the IPod option. When you will insert your CD then just click on the button.. If you have any MP3 ripper, then you can just rip the CD into your system and can add the files to your Ipod library.
diodes have a wide variety of jobs and types, in general its a semi conductor that pass the cauurent in one direction and block it on the other direction. diodes are used to convert AC voltage into DC, lighting (LEDs), protection, oscilation, regulating and much more.An electronic device that restricts current flow chiefly to one direction.. An electron tube having a cathode and an anode.. A two-terminal semiconductor device used chiefly as a rectifier.. . Whatever all that means...................scans packages into computer system for companys like FedEx, UPS, and DHL
It has a flat screen.  It can be a tube TV though with a fat back so watchout.an ordinary t.v. with a flat screen, as apposed to a curved screen.Flatscreen can be a CRT (e.g. a normal TV) or it can be LCD or Plasma. It simply means that the screen is truly flat (a bigger deal for CRT than the other technologies) so that glare is minimised and the picture is better if you are not at an optimal viewing point. By default, for domestic use you can expect LCD and plasma to be flat by the nature of the technology, although there are lots of new lcd screens being designed for other uses that wont be flatscreens.it has a flat screenSonyOn CRT's it means the screen in which the picture is displayed on is flat.  You know, the glass part.  It provides better picture shape because the picture is being displayed on a flat surface, as opposed to older TV with curved screens that causes a "warped" look to the picture.  Plus, thet generally look better.  Of course it's not to be confused with "flat pannel" TV.  Flat pannels are LCD and/or plasma TV, and they are very small in depth so it takes up less room, but they cost more than flat CRTs.its what it sounds like. the tv which has its visual screen exactly flat.its exactly what it says. it is completely flat all the way round
Go to a free lyrics site and copy the lyrics that you want.  Highlight the song in your iTunes music window. Hold the ctrl key and press i.  Click on the tag at the top labeled lyrics. Then paste in the space provided.You can search on Google for the lyrics, then copy and paste it in the space provided for the lyrics.
real time video streams that they are presented to real time application on ur computerABC , NBC , CBS , FOX.Any television station with more than one broadcast stations such as ABC, CBS, NBC, FOX, UPN, PBS.  Better known as affiliates.  Network television is also defined by the fact that each local market has it's own station that belongs to the parent company.
There are different types of antennas on these towers. The land topology, antenna type, tower height and transmission/reception technology all affect the distance of coverage.. Anywhere about 1-20 square miles.On average its a 6-8 mile radius. . . Hope this helps!Depends on the company.  I was really curious about this as well but that was because of another reason if You're standing right under a cell tower, the cell doesnt work because of a frequency issue.  But i believe its like 5 Mile radius?
if u got any problem . email him. cheersIt doesn't matter the order, just make sure the power's off.  . . Check tivo.com for instructions.  If you have trouble, email me, I have the owner's manual.
The best way is to buy the Terminator Dongle cable and software off of ebay for about $25.00.  You can then unlock your phone and then turn around and unlock friends phones or you can sell the cable.. . There are also tons of sites that you can send your phone in for an unlock for less, but in the long run the terminator dongle is the best.u can also go to an authorised dealer. Or call T-Moblie tell them your going over seas, and need the phone ulocked
If you go to a gaming store they should have a device that will polish up old CDs.if there are scratches the laser wont be able to read the information from the disk thats why they wont play. you can go to gamecrazy i think they have a scratch repair service i know they have one where i live.they have scratch repair kits, its a gentle wet sanding process, if you have lots of scratched xbox games cd's or dvds then it is worth buying one, you will be look for dvd repair kits,here is a cheap one http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002T54KU/102-3924832-7012138?v=glance&n=3760901. you can find them at video stores, best buy , etcbuy a new game.BUY A NEW GAME or USED But make shur its cleanget a cd cleaning kit . that might helpfirst you can try cleaning the laser- you can purchase a laser cleaning cd at a best buy.  It's pretty simple, you just have to follow on-screen directions.  then there are several disk cleaners you could buy or you can just try and rub scratches out.  If it is really bad, you probably have to purchase a disk cleaner.  If it is minor, several attempts to start the game probably would do just fine.
what are you wanting to download to or from you're mobile phone? you have to add alittle detailsnou need a gprs/edge/ or 3g mobile for internet.. . so depending on ur mobile u can get the settings from ur service provider
Program your video so that if you watch channel 8 on the video you see the satellite channel.. Then record that channel.. . Thats how I do it, the only snag is you have to be watching what you are recording.On my satellite receiver, there are multiple RCA [red, yellow, white] outputs, you can take RCA from the satellite to a VCR, then switch the input on the VCR to composite video, and record.  If your VCR doesn't have RCA, then go "Out to TV" from the satellite box to the "IN from ANTENNA" on the VCR with a coaxial cable.  Just select the channel on your satellite and touch record on the VCR.The Sat has audio outs located on the back, the VCR has audio in located on the back of it.  Somewhere on the remote for the vcr is the "LINE" selection button.  Bang your in business.u take the sattelite dish and rub it on the magnetic tape of the cassette 3 times to the left then twice right call it a sausage then bury it for 112 years in a peat bog in Ireland, then hope Princess Diana comes back to life .. unearths it and sellls the story to the News of the World
pluggin it on ur comp or sattelite navigatorif you using the same operators sim from the phone came from than it is already there. otherwise in case of t-mobile usa they locked the setting, than you need to change software of your phone to factory made.than only you can setup gprs and mms setting manually or setting sent by operator.you can change software by using PST software and flash file of v400.Search the net you will find PST software and v400 flash file.
DVD player is better than VCR because you can watch never before seen scene on whatever movie that you like and most of the movies have bloopers in there that the VCR movie don't.  also you can listen to the music (if you can hear a little...lol) also make sure you be careful with the DVD so that you don't scratch iteverytime u play a tape on the vcr it strips some of the tape thust in time giving u an ugly worn movie look. the dvd doesnt do this. . the music tapes do this as well.because you can get to the scene you want much faster, and dvd's arent as bulky as cassettesThe DVD has wide screen, pan scan, and little box. It's Digital Audio Outputs, the optical and the RCA. DVD has different formats of audio, like Dolby Digital, THX, DolbyProLogic. The VCR has two formats of video, full screen and Wide screen. VCR has Analog Outputs, coaxial and RCA. To connect a VCR you need a coaxial cable, from VCR to T.V. or a pair of RCA. For the DVD you need analog RCA, Digital S-Video or HDTV (High Definition Television).because it more up to date it has a mp3 player and plays old and new movies and has more slots for dvd,swho said it was?They're easier to use and the DVDs last longer.  I have a VCR and a DVD player and some of the tapes have tracking problems.  Plus, they have extra additions on DVDs, like documentaries interviews and even games.  You just have to be careful with the DVDs and make sure you don't scratch them.first off its hard to fin vhs for vcrs so its just more simple to get the newest thingPicture is clearer.. You don't have to rewind the movie.You will get a clearer picture and better sound quality from a DVD than a VCR! you can also get "direct access" to any scene in a movie without having to rewind through a whole tape to see your favorite actor/actress at their most impressive. And DVDs save so much space on your shelves unlike a VCR with those clumsy tape that you have to rewind.better sound and graphics. and it's more modern.. the bad part of a dvd is u can scratcj it and then it wont play good. the bad part of a tape is u can pull that black string out of it and mess it up.cuz-you do not have to rewind!! Also the stop frame is much clearer,and there is no tape to get stuck. I love to watch them on my computer-because all I have to do is hit the space bar to pause and restartno rewinding required. Man that annoyed me!!!!i have a comboI think VCR is much better,,Because you can play the tape over and over for thousands time and you will have no problem at all even you can play very old tapes too..But DVD sucks because you keep the Cd's in a very safe place so they don't get any scratches and if they do the DVD will never play them and old Cd's never get played..I don't like DVD at all and I love VCR because its thousand time better and I like to use tapes all the time not stupid Cd's that be stop working at any time,,I have some tapes which are 20 year  old form my grand parent and I swear by GOD they still work good,,Do you think that old CD will work??? I don't think sowhy is a cd better than a tape? it's smaller, better sound quality (in this case better visual quality too) and you can skip around the movie easier.better video and sound quality, but you can scratch a DVD so you have to be more careful in handling them.Because you don't have to rewind anymore!!!!  No more PLEASE REWIND stickers!DVD is smaller, plays on your pc(if you have dvd drive), more portable.  And vcr will probably be history one of these days. Like 8-tracksbecause you can fastfoward and replay quicker and dvds r just newer and thats y ppl like it and but itI'll list the reasons: No rewinding, DVD's take up less space, DVD's have more special features like deleted scenses and directors commentary,  Easier to navigate through disc,  ability to use subtitles, ability to alter language, ability to zoom, DVD's last longer because VHS degrades over time.DVD Player. * It has a higher quality of sound and picture,. * You neither rewind nor fast-forward it, you just select the scene,. * DVD players have longer life than VCRs,. * It saves power more than VCRs do,. * You can buy it in portable sizes, for watching as you go purposes.The life of a DVD lasts longer than a VHS tape.Digital my man..digital. Plus it has a Flux Capacitor.DVD is better quality and you don't have to rewind and you can skip around to places ALOT easier, DVD's also have special featuresDVDs last up to 100 years with care, VHS on the shelf and unused lasts only up to 10 usually. . . Since the signal from a DVD comes from variations detected by laser, there isn't anything touching the surface to wear it out. VHS tapes are touched by the heads and spindles as they play, wearing the tape and it's signals, out.. . DVDs can carry a more detailed signal that VHS tape, giving you better picture and sound quality.. . DVDs take up much less space to store than VHS tapes.. . If you spill liquid on a DVD, you can wash it off in running water, polish gently with a soft cloth and you're good to go. VHS tape is toast if something spills on it.. . If you store VHS tapes near anything magnetic (like a TV screen...), they lose their quality and finally the entire signal. DVDs are impervious to magnetism.Because it's so easy to find the scene you want! You don't have to spend half an hour rewinding it! Also, DVDs are much more portable than VHS tapes. And it's becoming increasingly more difficult to find VHS tapes. It's a lot like CDs and cassettes. Even if you prefer cassettes, they've become outdated.What everybody has said, plus VCRs are being phased out.  Blockbuster only has DVDs now.I have a beta.It has great picture quality. My Vcr is cool to but I get kinda tired of type. Dvd is okay but it will not last.DVDs last longer. You get a much better quality of picture & sound. You get to see some behind-the-scenes footage. If you take care of your DVDs, they can last forever. W/ VHS they tend to wear out. W/ DVD players you can rewind much better. You can even ... oops, I guess you were asking bout DVD PLAYERS & not necessarily DVDs...Dvd`s Are Much Better They Don`t Mold Or Fade Over Time Ond You Can Get Them Wet With No Harm.Also Slow Motion Is Clearer.Also You Can Zoom In With DVD.Hope I Helped You.Good Luck.VHS tapes last over 10 years, DVDs last longer them thatD comes befor VIt is a little bit more expensive, but it is worth it and you can't rent something that is not a DVD.
Step 1: Get a Recordable CD/DVD.. Step 2: Install a CD/DVD Burning Software like Nero, Roxio InCD etc.... Step 3: As per the Instruction in the Software Proceed with the Burn steps.The burner will let you copy data onto the DVD, but not copy an entire Movie DVD.  For that, you need a program that will removing the encoding and create an image that can then be burned onto the Blank DVD.. . Try DVD Shrink.  Run that first, create an image from your Movie DVD to your hard drive (you can make an ISO image).  Then run your DVD burning software and create a DVD using that image.. . You have successfully "backed up" your movie.
Check on the side of the hand-set. Many of the cordless phones have ringer settings on them.Google for a manual
I had a black ipod nano and i chose black because it was something new and fresh. If i were given this choice again i would have picked the white one because the black ipods show way to many scratches.I have a white nanobecause it is totally punk and the white  was way uglyI have a white 5G, and white looks better and it's classic too. Black looks like s hit anyways.i have a ipod apple and nano and they are both whitecause black is my favorite color and it looks better than whiteBecause it's "cool".shiny and won't get dirty as quicki didn't.. i got white because it will show less scratches and not really any other mp3 player is white so whenever someone sees my white mp3 player they'll know its an ipod. I mean white is like the signature color. duh!Because everyone else has white.  And it makes me look like a badass.I chose black because i thought it looked cooler than the white
There are 3 technologies for TV's:. Plasma is made of little tubes of fluorescent light (Much like neon) in three colors RGB(Red, Green, Blue).. CRT (Cathode Ray Tube) Normal old technology, not so slim, but can achieve better definition & colors.. LCD (liquid Cristal Display) Large white tubes of light, liquid cristal iodes (which let light or don't) and a color filter.Plasma refers to the way the picture is put on the screen (as opposed to a classic tube TV, a projection TV, or a liquid crystal display).... . The slim TV refers to the actual thickness of the TV (which have to be plasmas (or liquid crystal like a laptop screen, but not usually with TVs because the quality is horrible) because the other types take up more space behind the screen to work)... but not all plasmas have to be slim (although most are for convenience)PLASMA refers to a type of technology, SLIM is a general reference to the new types of displays that can be wall mounted, and includes PLASMA as well as LCD(back-lit). Also Known As Microdisplaysa plasma tv has a projection like view whereas a slim tv has a flat tv view
patience, it always does that, i think it wouuld be your internet connection speedmaybe ur lagging a lot. dono. try reinstalling or updating itunes. my itunes works fine tho lol.
Plug it into the USB port and open it in "My Computer".  Drag and drop whatever files you want into it.  Done!use  windows media player and go under sync music
make sure that all downloaded music is saved in My Music by directing them to the appropriate path through limewire. then add it to your media player library and burn away.download Itunes. It's free. it will organize your mp3 and make it easy to sort, click and burn a CDjust open up my computer and limewire click and hold the song you want and drag it or them to where it says compact disk C;)i do that and i dont got limewire pro i got the free version!!!!!!!Use your Windows Media Player or download Nero.windows media or try real player for win media make sure you import new files to the media librarySAve to a rip folder, than open the folder in Media player 9 or ten and burn cd, choose the files you want to burn. That's it.Hi there.. . . You can not burn it directly from limewire... but here are a few steps to follow..... . 1.  Open up your normal burning software.. 2.  Open up your c drive.. 3.  Look in your documents and settings. 4.  Then in the shared file.. . there you will find were all the downloads that you did.  from there you can burn it.  . . Now... if you want you burn it not in MP3 format, but in WAV (so you can listen to them in any CD palyer) you can use your windows media player.  Find the files the same way as above.  Select the burn tab, and it will convert them for you.. . Hope that helpsDownload Limewire Pro through Limewire and burn it that way and use your pirated program to burn your pirated music.
wap and mobile internet are the same thing and ask who ever it is that u have a contract with a get them to explain as i don't really knowWAP is the protocol used in accessing internet from mobile.. GPRS is the bearer for the data that is being transfered from webserver to your mobile. Another beared is GSM data call ( CSD - Circuit switched data). To access mobile internet you need either WAP + GPRS or WAP + CSD.
Your doubt is not without any base/reason.Anyone *with the right equipment* can listen in on your calls, though the right equipment is pretty expensive and hard to get nowadays.  Earlier on you could just dial in the correct radio frequency and listen in, but the digital call data is encrypted now, and it's much harder.. . Nobody can make calls on your *phone* without physically having it, but it is possible to duplicate your SIM card (if they can either decrypt the ID # or get a hold of your card for a few minutes to copy it then put it back), then they can use another phone to make calls on your account.. . All in all -- pretty safe.  Much safer than analog land lines :)yes they can - though they have taken steps to scramble conversations - it is not as easy as before but there is always a chance and if you live in the US, then it is confirmed that our own gov. does it on a regular basis -
I'd go with the hoverboard. The lightsaber would only get me into trouble. With gas prices as high as they are, I could really use the hoverboard right now.Lightsaber, I bet my kids would listen if I whipped one of those puppies out.  Maybe.Well you could raise some serious hell with a light saber but you might accidentally kill yourself with it if you're not a Jedi knight, plus somebody would probably just take it away from you eventually.. If you had a hover board you would also likely kill yourself the first time you took it on a big hill, or get squashed by a truck or something...we better just stick to the stuff we have, it's dangerous enough.Lightsaber! I could use it to get my way and have wicked battles.The hoverboard. The lightsaber would require, from what I remember, the ability to control the force (which, as far as I'm concerned, doesn't exist), if you would like to use it with out hurting yourself. Also the lightsaber seems a little too violent. The hover board would be a fun way to get around, and, if I took it apart and found out how to reproduce it, I could make a lot of money of of it.I'm thinkin the hoverboard.  How much use could you get out of the lightsaber?  At least with the hoverboard, it serves some purpose...lightsaber  just cause im a starwars fan  gotta love yodaLightsaber, to cut lumber to size!I'd go with hoverboard, but only if it can go high and fast. How often are you going to use a lightsaber, anyways?
u pay as u goIt is pay as you go. You usually buy special cards that contains a certain amount of minutes. Cingular, T-Mobile, and Verizon are amongst the few that have GO Phones
The cd may be scratched. when playing audio cds there is special mechanism that removes those small scratches when playing. but when ripping in digital extraction mode voice (it's now data) copied as is on cd and here those scratches make problem.. if the source is a data cd like mp3 format, player on your computer or some hardware players may remove gliches using data error checking algorithms and some not.the cd might be protected...i have a cd that is like that...when i ripped it to mp3, it has skips in it.Ya it was the cd because i tested a very scratched cd (Sublime) and it made alot of static. Then I tried a newer cd (Matisyahu) and there was no static.
The slot for a firewire cable. It's usually on camcorders and DVD recorders.It's a digital communication standardits the slot of wireless cable.The IEEE-488 bus was developed to connect and control programmable instruments, and to provide a standard interface for communication between instruments from different sources. Hewlett-Packard originally developed the interfacing technique, and called it HP-IB. The interface quickly gained popularity in the computer industry. Because the interface was so versatile, the IEEE committee renamed it GPIB (General Purpose interface Bus).. . further information u can get from wikipediaInstitute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers(IEEE) 488. . For a measuring system we have a standard such as kilogram, metre, second. So that in worldwide its same.. . Similarly, there were some standards before world war II to maintain standards on the side of electronics. IEEE came up after world war II with its head quarters at New York, which is widely accedpted by many organissations, agenices, American National Standard Institute(ANSI). . IEEE standard address the device and specifies controls, functions and tests the equipment then gives the maximum current, voltage, etc. Safety is most important factor.. . One of the most important standards is the IEEE 488 is a digital interface for programmable instrumentation for test and other equipments. Standardizing the interface between test equipment makes it possible to interface various pieces of laboratory test equipment, regardless of amnufacture, to create sophisticated automatic test equpment systems.. . IEEE 488 is basically an interface(LINK) between a 8 bit processor and a equipment. It is a short distance system with computer located at 10 feet or so.. . Any number of devices can be joint in this interface.. It has one LISTENER, TALKER, LISTEN AND TALK, LISTEN ANT TALK AND CONTROL. Control acts as a traffic cop.Bus are connectiong wires.. . It has 1. Seven data bus,. . 2. Data Byte Transfer control. 2.1.DAV DAta Valid. 2.2 NRFD Not Ready For Data. 2.3 NDAC Not Data ACcepted. These are hand shaking lines.. . . 3.General Interace Manggement . 3.1 IFC Inter Face Clear. 3.2 ATN Attention. 3.3 SRQ Service ReQuest. 3.4 REN Remote ENable. 3.5 EOI End Or Identify. . Everything as name implies.. . Additional units can be implied. Totally its a linker.... . Hope u r clerar...
It's lack of pixels.  You need about 4x more.I agree with the lack of pixels. The cameras on Video Cameras have very bad quality.
use adobe photoshop's brush tool. or you can try paint. it`ll be really tricky though and i'd suggest zooming way in.Crop it off.MS Paint.. Photoshop. Gimp (www.gimp.org). . There are many programs for editing photos. Some are free and easy. Other cost money and can be more complex.Photoshop the picture.... . next time just change the setting on ur camera so it wont burn the date on to your picturesuse picture editor like. . photoshop. acd see. photoimpresionis. etc
You don't need the software. Just open up My Computer and locate the USB drive with your phone conected. There should now be a file there. Now open up your music folder and drag and drop the music files into your phone or the phone's memory card.Spyder's advice will work - if you have a ROKR.  If you have another type phone however, you will want to locate Motorola Mobile Phone Tools.  You can find the package either at Motorola.com or mygift.comCheck out www.wireless-itch.com. They have the software on the website.  Good prices...search for the software online, or return the fone and get a new one.
If there is a loose or bad connection, giving it a hit may actually temporarly put it back in place.. . It usually is not a good idea to hit an electronic device.  Most of the time, it won't actually fix the problem and could make it worse or even actually break the unit.A lot of "experts" just give the equipment a good hit and then it works as good as new!. They say they don't get paid for hitting it, but for knowing WHERE to hit it.. . I have my own theory on this:. Most of the electronic stuff these days is very intelliegent with computer chips and memory etc. It "learns" or "remembers" that if it does not behave properly it will get hit again. Just like a little kid (but with less noise and less mess). . . Next time your phone malfuntions, don't leave it standing in a corner.... give it a good smack!I agree to zargonmaximus. Very likely, it has some form of loose connection on the solder joints on the PCB. Again, it is a bad idea to give your gear a whack when it is not working properly. Go to a competent tech to have it fixed
until it is working it is ok but if you go to th dealer they will say it is drop damage becuase some parts might damage but this is a heavy duty phone so don't worry hope it will work for youi always drop mine and mine is fine... as long as it working ok, you have no reason to be worried.... . worry when its shattered in 12 pieces!I had the same phone and dropped it (and my bag with it in) loads of times and it was ok. If it seems fine, it probably is, any problems should have presented themselves by now. If anything crops up, take it back to the store you bought it from (or one of the branches of the network you are on) and they can have a better look.
In telecommunication, a Hamming code is an error-correcting code named after its inventor, Richard Hamming. Hamming codes can detect single and double-bit errors, and correct single-bit errors as well. In contrast, the simple parity code cannot detect errors where two bits are transposed, nor can it help correct the errors it can find.a Hamming code is an error-correcting code named after its inventor, Richard Hamming. Hamming codes can detect single and double-bit errors, and correct single-bit errors as well. In contrast, the simple parity code cannot detect errors where two bits are transposed, nor can it help correct the errors it can find.
download the song on itunes. put ipod shuffle in usb port. the i-pod shuffle playlist should show up and then just click and drag the songs u want into it.plug the iPod shuffle into the USB port on your computer.  the iPod should pop up in your iTunes.  Then drop and drag songs into the iPod and wait for them to loadUse itune to locate the mp3s and add them.  Then transfer the new mp3s into your shuffle like other itune music.
Both phones should have an infrared (IR) port. Place them together (not more than 7-10 cm) so that both ports are facing each other. Make sure you have enabled the Infrared on both phones. If its a music clip you want to transfer, please remember that Nokia used "Read One media player" and supported file extensions like .amr and .rm or .mp3. For pictures and video clips also make sure that your receiving phone recognizes the file format (like .jpg or .avi) otherwise even after the data is transferred, it is possible that the receiver set refuses to play it, in such cases it is usually stored in "applications". There are however software freely available which can also help you in converting this data into readable stuff. Best way is to select (picture, video clip, sound clip) and then push "send" and when options are displayed like blue tooth, email, select infra red. That should do the job.first the infra red on both cellphones must be switched on.then go to the file you want to send and there must an option for sending data via infra red .it is so simple to ransfer data from one cell phone to another. . if u wana transfer some data from nokia to samsung just browse to that file in nokis go in its options or menu or propertis there wil be an option send--->via infra red---> then its infra red will be automatically on... then put  on the IR port of samsuing and then put samsung's IR port in front of its IR port.... in IR data transfer IR ports should be in front of each other and shuld not be at large distance..... . if u wana transfer from samsung to nokia then do it vice versa.... thanxit is easy. first you set to switch on infrared of the recepient mobile phone. go to the file you want to transfer and so to send options and choose via infrared.you need to keep the infrafed ports of both mobiles very close near each other.Do a search for cellphone data transfer kit.
It's generally pretty easy to install an A/C unit as it will come with all the brackets and hardware you'll need to do it.  Ultimately it depends on how good you are with these sorts of things.  If you get it home and can't install it then I'd recommend calling a local  handyman to do it.  A local guy will charge you a lot less than the store will charge you, plus you'll get some peace of mind since you live above a busy sidewalk.Go to Home Depot or Lowe's and inquire in the A/C department.  They'll be able to tell you what needs to be done to install it, and then you can make an informed decision.  My feeling, without knowing all your circumstances is that you (with the help of a handy friend) could install it easily and safely.
When your iPod is connected, go to Edit-Prefereces, and click on the iPod tab. There should be a subtab in the iPod tab labeled Photos. Click on it, then browse your computer for the location where the photos you want on your iPod are stored.when u plug in ya nano the name of it should pop uo on the left side of the apple ipod thing.....left click it then click proprertys....then click ipod...it should say photos...then go from therethis is how i do it: . i got to my pic. and make a folder for my ipod pics. i go through my pic and choose the ones i want to put on there and then i copy them to my ipod folder. i go to itunes and click on the ipod options at the bottom.(it the little picture of the ipod)then click on the tab lable photos.check sychronize photos from: my picture then click select folder, choose your ipod folder of pics and click ok.
i work with those TVs it sounds like your bulb is bad. this is replaceable but do call customer service to confirm my claim it might also be a fan. but a TV with a bad bulb will do what you are describing.. check here.. http://www.partstore.com/Landing/ProjectorLamps/ModelNumberSelect.aspx?PartCatCode=815.010&ModelCatCode=075.100&MfgID=79If the light is blinking and it won't come on, something is wrong with it.  Since you can't find anything in the manual, call RCA and see what they say.  The blinking light may be a code, if it is a RCA customer service person should be able to tell you what it means.. . You most likely are going to have to get your TV serviced.the number of blinks is a fault indication. Depending on how amny times it blinks is where the fault is. you will have to have the TV serviced by a tech
Take a Long hammer , Just hit them with hard .. The lens can clean soon .. Over 2 dvds i cleaned like this .. ha ha ha ..Carefully blow it out with canned air (shake well and use in bursts so that it doesn't come out white - that will leave a residue). Then use a purchased DVD cleaner which is a disk with "whiskers" on it to brush dust off the lens.If the disc cleaner doesn't work. Open up the DVD player and clean it yourself. !isnt there a disc to clean..well you can buy the laser cleaners those are good. As for every thing else.  Use a small brush, like a paint brush to get the dirt off.  Maybe you should buy one of those cleaning kits for cameras.use a product eoither like indust...or the dvd cleaners and cd player cleaner that they sell at walmart.you could use something that doesn't harm the "eye", 1st step is to shut it with the doors open, then u open the cover, finaly clean the "eye" whcih read the DVD
Find the song files that you downloaded, and import those songs into iTunes. (File -> Add file to library). . Then, just plug in your iPod, and it should automatically synchronize.ok just regularly download the song and when it says complete then click on the song and then click explore. there should be a list of the songs you downloaded from limewire and the song that u want should already be highlighted. sometimes its not highlighted so u have to look for it. ok then double click the song file and it should automatically open into itunes. oh and it has to be an mp3 file. if itunes is not ur default player then it wont open in itunes. just drag the song into ur itunes library. ok then just update ur ipod.If you use the standard LimeWire directory, open iTunes, go to Add Folder (or file) to libary. go to program files, find limewire click on shared. Depending on iff you chose file or folder, click on the file/ folder and click open. The files have to be MP3 or unprotected WMA.download it 2 ur harddrive and then transfer it 2 ur ipod using the itunes software
ya need to know thier # and service provider for instance 123-4567@verizon.net. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . _If you want to send a picture to a mobile phone from a regular email account, you'll have to send it to a special address that varies among phone companies, and it's different than the text messaging address.  Have the person with a picture phone send a picture to your regular (Yahoo, Hotmail, etc.) account  to see what it is....You need to find out from your service provider whether they provide MMS service (which enables you to send pictures from one mobile phone to another). Also, make sure that your phone can send MMS.. Once you've found out whether MMS service is available, you can ask them to send you the configuration settings for WAP & GPRS so that you can send pictures. Once you receive the settings thru sms, once u open up the sms save the settings and then you should be able to send pictures.. . Hope that helps.you can't because it is MOVILE!!!. . you can send in mobile phones though.movile is combination of moving mobile phone right? hahaha..anyway u can use bluetooth to send or mms also or if u have memory card reader...1. MMS. 2. phone number email provided by mobile service provider. 3. usb, serial or bluetooth communication. 4. gprs connection to websites like wap.getjar.com
In iTunes, right-click the song you don't want, then click "clear." Then plug your iPod in, and it'll be deleted.dont have nonejust like any ipod. you need itunes. just connect your ipod to your computer and then click on the songs you want to delete and press the "delete" button on your key board... or right click your mouse and click remove
It should say somewhere on the front of the TV HDTV.look on the back of the tv for 3 ports Y, Pb, and Pr (red, purple and green) usually, flat screen does not mean that it is HD but if its LCD or plasma it probably isIT SHOULD POP UP ON THE T.V IF IT IS HDModel # and serial # on the back of it. Search for it on the companys web site.If it's High Definition it will usually say in the corner of the TV, "HDTV". It won't say it on the actual screen but on the area that surrounds the screen.. . VOTE ME FOR BEST ANSWER !!!ask him
mm sounds like an older graphics card. You overclock processors, not graphics cards. Some newer computers have the ability to run two graphics cards at the same time though. Try newegg.com to see the newest and coolest.you can overclock alot of video cards, using 3rd party drivers, grab the latest nvida drivers because they have some overclocking options there.. . But with a video card that old its not going to make any difference at all to performance, its simply too old and not powerful enough to run any modern games.That Cards pre-historic, I suggest u change to Nvidia 6600Gt, . it good , not so expensive,
sRGB has wider color gamut (more range of colors visible) but then CMYK printers cannot print even all the colors of generic RGB, so its just for your viewing pleasure.sRGB is the generic color profile.  If you are going to use any Adobe product for post processing your pictures then use the Adobe sRGB color profile.  If not, then stay with the generic profile. Color profiles are used to insure accurate color reproduction.
if it is crap, then open it and make sure that there is nothing blocking or stuck around there. . it would probly only take like 15 mins, and sometimes pulling somethin apart and then putting it back together fixes the problem anwaySounds like a cheapy to me.As 'cain' indicated the gears that time the opening and closing of the dvd 'door',are out of sync. I understand your reasoning about the cost 'thing',(repair shop),however even if the unit is unplugged there are electrocytic capacitors that hold 'juice' up to a year,(unless discharged by a qualified professional,[or your fingers if you accidentally touch the terminals!]Some of these capacitors hold 10,000volts!So please do not try this,buy new or put up with the new ideocyncracies.You could always open it up and see if some of the gears for the door got knocked out of place and you can put them back.  I had to do this with my PS2 after my girlfriend dropped it.buy a new one.
Unfortunately the sun is more powerful than any lcd or viewfinder, so you'l literally have to turn your back to the sun and shadow the lcd by cupping your hand as closely as possible. Even $25,000 medium format cameras have the same problem.Best is to tape a piece of black construction paper around the screen.  A square tube if you will.  It would need to be about 1-2 inches long to block light.  This will help you see the 'viewfinder'.. . Also, you might look to see if your screen settings are as bright as they can possibly be set.. . Else, your only choice it to block light somehow as i suggested above.Use the little thing you put your eye in and look at?You might have to set the contrast on it and or when you are taking pictures turn the flash off. You may also check out the website for your camara and get directions on how to use it.it should b progamed
Is the battery a genuine Motorola battery, or is it some other brand? Some aftermarket batteries aren't as Motorola-standard as they're supposed to be and may not work correctly. Just a guess...Your battery could be broken. Try asking the place you bought it from, usally if you complain enogh on the phone they will send you a brand new battery so you can get your phone working good! . . GLIt may be a defective battery, or maybe its time for a new one. How long ago did you buy the phone?maybe your baterie's deadyour charger (or the connector) might be bad.. . when you plug in the phone, does the phone display change to say that it is charging?   if not, the charger might be bad also, or maybe the connector is loose and not making contact correctly (you can try to wiggle the connector a bit to see if you can make it start to charge)MAYBE time for a new battery????
for just power alone the fernir. for magic the ultimaFenrir for strength. Ultima Weapon for MagicEither ultima weapon or fenrir.
Wow, dude, read the instructions... You probably need to turn it on first.  The numbers are for dialing... and they also double for letters when you text message someone!There's a manual... read it
The concept is too complicated to try to explain in a forum like this.  Your best bet is to buy an Amp Wiring Kit (you'll need one anyways) and in it will be instructions on how to do this.  That is going to be the best way.. . There are too many ways to accomplish this depending on your head unit, your car, the wiring in your car, etc.  The best way for one car could possibly be the worst way in another car.Check with your local sheriff's auction.  They usually have plenty of them for sale that they have confiscated from people who drive down the road with them excessively loud.  Why would you want a thumper car anyway?
people are lazybecause it is easier to lift a finger than it is to lift your selfcause u dont have to go nowhere. its more convenient jsut to stay homecuz everyone can be good at a video game without much practice or physical exertionYou don't have to deal with people who was never taught sportmanship.Cool Graphics, online Playing etc.
first reset ur razarV3 them conect it ! now it will ask u to either instal or it will appea on screen ! now u can open mobile explorer and upload /download pic.. . razar is most sexiest gadget! i also ve one some times face this problem did the same and it worked !If you already have the USB cord that connects your phone directly to the USB port on your computer, as soon as you connect the phone and computer with the cord, a box should pop up asking what you want to do.  Say that you want to open these files, and it should open all of your pictures up from your phone onto the computer.  Then you need to highlight them and either cut and paste them into the desired folder.  I hope that works for you!
i never even realized my freezers don;t have lights.  hold on, i am going to check.  wow, i don't know, maybe you enter the fridge more than the freezer and the engineers figured the extra electrical wiring was unecesarry.  besides, where do you even buy fridge and freezer light bulbs, huh?Cause you won't keep as many things in your freezer... nor will you keep it open for long.my freezer has a light, you must have a crappy refrigerator. you cheap bastardThe refrigerator secion is larger so items in the back could be hidden in the shadow by items in the front. Also it's a traditional feature thats expected even in a low cost refrigerator.cuz no one looks in the freezer at night maybe?The majority of freezers don't have lights, or require special bulbs, because of the temperature differential that occurs when the light comes on, many bulbs will break. If you don't believe, me try putting a hot light bulb in a glass of ice water and see what happens.I have a light in my freezer.
Well, to stop anyother scratches buy a case for it.you cant i pod material so sensitive so buy yourself a case so you dont have to look at the scratches.Zbluespot has the right idea, but what you can do for very cheap is go out to a store and pick up a bottle of Brasso, which is like a stainless steel, iron, and other types of metal cleaner. It can not only take a good number of scratches out of the back (as long as you are using a microcloth), but it can be used on the front too, and is completely safe, just try not to get it inside the clickwheel. And it's only about $5 for a bottle. Or if you want something meant for the iPod that you can buy online, try looking into iDrops, iCleaner, and Applesauce (no, not the food, the brand!)If the scratches are on the screen--leave the scratches alone.  Don't do anything except clean the screen with a microfiber cloth.  Buy a screen protector to keep the scratches from getting worse or getting more of scratches.  You can pick up screen protectors at Best Buy where they sell PDAs.. . If you are talking about the case--I believe iPods are stainless steel cases with an enamel paint.  I would *carefully* try a fine grit rubbing compound with a cotton ball and gently try to lift the scratch.  If you press hard at all, you'll cause more damage to the iPod.  Actually, if I were you, I wouldn't try to fix the scratch and instead look for a new cover--they have many very cool covers and cases for iPods these days.. . Peace!. . ~zb
The same reason some idiots not only receive calls but make outbound calls while in the theater & library.. They are dumb enough to think of a cellphone as a status symbol.Because nowadays young people are beginning to get lazy, and they think that it makes them cool to just do everything half-a$$ed.because its fun and maybe u want to be discreet about something or just to show offThey are too lazy to get up from where they were and go and talk! They'd much rather talk without moving their lips.probably because it gives more privacy and this way you make sure no other person hears.their lips are busy doing something else. so let the hand do the talking.because they are 15 and stupid
*my iPod is filled with stickers of everything i like so i can't possibly scratch it...(and the screen, i put a ziploc bag sheet thingy on it.). . well, don't forget the old fashioned spit and wipe!!!Gadgets get scratches. I know it's difficult to accept at first but you'll get over them with time.I've had my Ipod for 6 months, and as much as I try and keep from scratching, it is pretty much impossible to get a couple scrapes here and there. I have an Ipod sock I keep on it, and it has worked well. I only have a couple little marks, nothing major, but you can't get scratches off. Just make sure you take care of the screen.try rubbing them of or u could put a sticker or ur name or some other kind of decoration on it so no one will notice.It actually does work as well on the metal as it does on plastic. And it is very popular with iPods. If you want something better though, look into Applesauce (the brand), iCleaner, or iDrops online.Brasso -- google it and you'll see that it's very popular among ipod users.  it costs less than $3 at any grocery store, meant for polishing metals and acrylic.  it'll work on the plastic part, but not so much for the metal.  lots of elbow grease required (6-10 applications minimum), but the little scratches will vanish.
Data Cables do what the name emplies. They let you transfer among other things, rintones and games, and if you want a good one, they are quite expensive.DOWNLOAD FROM YOUR PC TO YOUR PHONES
Hey babe! first you should turn on the bluetooth on both devices, go into your connection settings search for device the headset should show up on the phone screen select the device enter options pair them and you're on your way to wireless handsfree communicationsIt's very easy on some phones and hard on others.  You first have to charge the bluetooth headset, and turn it on by holding the button down until it blinks.  Then, from Standby mode, press down on the Navigation ket to get to the Bluetooh Menu.  Then, select Paired Devices. Make sure the headset is on, and hit the soft key "right" and select "new, then "search new".  It should ask if you want to turn bluetooth on, so hit "yes" and then it should find the device.  Press OK, then enter in the 4-digit passkey for the headset, more than likely in the instruction manual. If not, it's probably 0000, then hit "ok".  If it all went through OK, you should be able to turn the headset on and it will automatically detect it on the phone.  Hope that helps you out.I believe it's already IN the phone, though I could be wrong.
Use bluetooth or gprs.For bluetooth you will have to enable bluetooth on your pc and cellphone.GPRS gives net connectivity on your cellphone and you can email your data to your account and then download it from your account to your pc.damn shitter no you can'tyou may use either of these three that is available on both you mobile and PC - Infrared, Bluetooth and Phone cable that can able to have connectivity with your PC. of course during the tranfer both mobile and Pc must activated.Some phones have the capability to email data, messages, pictures..etc., but Futuredial slls a product , as well as other companies called a handset manager tool.  It includes a USB cable for data transfer as well as a disc with the needed software for your computer.  Radio Shack and Interstate Connections are the only retailers stateside that I know of that usually keep this in stock.
Because the musicians are pissed that the public can get music for free because they are lossing money. Part of why Napster got in trouble and had to change.I dont pay its free
It is THE BEST version of Pride and Prejudice ever made! Because it is five hours long, it is able to follow the book without changing or leaving a lot of things out. It is a very good interpretation of the book in my opinion, MUCH better than the new Pride and Prejudice with Keira Knightley. And of course, the BBC version introduced us to our favorite Mr. Darcy, Colin Firth!i love it and own it. the book, of course, is better, but this is by far the best interpretation of it i have ever seen. it also follows the book very well.
If all you want a manual switch then a 'single pole, single throw' (SPST) switch will work, they are similar to light switches, or you can get push buttons.  Ask at your local electronics / hobby store.. . You can also do some other fancy stuff by using some transistors and other various goodies.  You can make or a circuit the turns on/ off by some other external stimuli, such as touch switches.. . But from your description you should just purchase a simple switch from Radio Shack.You also need a resistor in series with the l.e.d. to limit the current through it.  . . Its value will depend upon the battery voltage and the maximum allowable current for which the l.e.d. is rated.. . You may find this of help http://www.davidbridgen.com/leds.htmyou can get switches at radio shack. there should be a little shelf in the electronic parts areas that say "switches"
u download them DuI thought you just go to synchronize and then pick your songs to be downloaded onto your mp3 player and then press the synch button. But I don't know maybe your mp3 player isn't compatible with the windows media player....1 Get the song. 2 Right click and press copy. 3 Go onto your MP3 memory. 4 Right click again. 5 Press paste. (4 just in case the other one doesn't work)Click EditConnect the mp3 player and the computer with the usb cord(or whatever else) then give it a minute. if nothing happens. Try it again really make sure it is connected. Then read the owners manual about your mp3 player.
you need a program like dvd ripper or any other to extract the files. then find a program to convert the video files to a mp4 file i believe itis. ImTOO iPod movie Converter works ok for my friend, but look around on googleGo to TomDownload.com they have a lot of programs there that can help you transfer movie files to your ipod. I hope that helps!
Its simple and depends on 'which-country-do-you-live-in?'!. . With your motorola V3 pack, u would have recieved a user's guide. Look for 'Support' topic in that guide. On that support's page, look if your country is listed with support centre phone no. Call your local motorola support centre and ask them to give you your new phone guide. They might ask you to call after a dya or two. But they will definitely ask for IMEI of ur fone.... . And in case your country is not listed, then go for local mobile fone repair shop!. . And if you have lost ur instruction manual, visit motorola global and see if your countries listed.. . Moreover, if none of this helps, try remembering any important numbers or words u use for ur passwords or ur private nos.. . Hope this helps.. . And last but not least,. if u r totally hopeless...spend some money :. try calling any of motorola international service centres, such as motorola UK, etc.You can order the manual from the factory usually. Just say you're a technician or something.. . And actually, surprising as it sounds, local library's carry a lot of these techincal manuals. Don't know why.just go to motorola.com and ask for online support and u can chat with a technician to help umay be this site can help you for unloking. might be good.. . http://www.mobilefun.co.uk/motorola-v3-unlock.htm?referer=landmark
L3 and R3 are when you push DOWN on the joysticks.  put your thumb directly on top and push; you should hear a click.they are the push down buttons on the analog sticks.L and R stand for Left and Right.  You can figure it out from there. :)left toggle button right toggle buttonIf you push in the thumbsticks, it clicks.  L3 is the left and R3 is the right.left/right analog stick. push them in and they click.
dont know about teh red and green, but black is usually the ground.Check your local electrical code, possibly on Google.. I am familiar with Black being hot, Green ground and White Neutral, assuming 110 VAC. I can't comment on the red wire, so you should check National Electrical Manufacturer's Assn.
Yes, they could do it. You might have a battery issue.. . Personally, I with they would make a phone that works well as a phone. The proliferating combination of products bugs me. You get a "scanner, copy machine, printer, fax machine, telephone combination and it does all that stuff but it doesn't do any of it good and craps out before you figure out how to use it.No its for sales reasons. If they release them as gradual step ups it means people will always want the next, more up to date model released. If they released one with maximum capabilities straight away, they wouldnt generate as much sales over the coming years and profits would decline.. . The technology is there, they just refuse to use it right awayOptics.. . In order to haev the optics to support 8mp (and actualy have it look nice) the unit would haev to be MUCH bigger than you would want a cell phone to be.. . -HtJ
Don't pay telephone bills, do it this way. Take a connection, talk as much as u want to, when bill comes don't pay, after 2-3 months ur connection is cut. Take a new connection with other company and repeat the same thing. There are many companies so you don't have to worry for 2-3 years.. After 2-3 years, ask this question again, I will surely answercose freedom of speech has a price, as everything else.that's y u have headaches every month when getting ur phone bills, so u cannot use ur freedom of speech, instead u go to the bar and sinck urself under liters of beer, fool u are.yes we have freedom of speech but we dont have a freedom to consume electric for freeI think your phone is off the hook.Freedom is not free.  Free speech is a right. You also have the right to remain silent.Just disconnect ur phone then there wont be any bill, now u have freedom to speak with yourselfBECAUSE OF THE WORK ON HE TELEPHONE LINES AND TECHNOLOGY.. . . BUT OTHER THAN THAT BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT AND TAXES.if u go on your terrace & yell, its free.Through telephones u r using a technology, a system, so it cant be free boss! but it was a good thought!say anything you want.but if you want to communicate over someones privatly owned infrastructure you must pay for that.you think it maintains itself spontainiously,without equipment supply's or manpower.that all costs money.your probably the first to bitch when it breaks down.because you dont pay to speak, you pay for the power of the phone line and the workers who connect your call etcIt costs $ to  be freeNot only are they chargeing you for the call there monitoring it too... Freedom Of Speech??/ hahahahahahh
mmmmh! if I were you, I would earn some money, let's say, half the price, and convince my father to pay the other half... that would send the message that you're responsible, and that you know the value of money...Familiar story. I wanted help getting my first camera over 20 years ago. I told my dad it wasn't about the camera, it was about the memories. Tell him you want to take pictures of your life together so when you both get tired and old you can pull them out of a shoebox to make each other laugh.. . My dad bought the camera. I bought the lens. . . Good luck!. Jofffirst learn to spell or use spell check......then think JOBI second the above. Plus show him you are serius about photography by doing some good stuff with what you already have.Nice one, Joff!. You could also do the math (there´s lies, damn lies and statistics!) and work out how fast this magnificent digital SLR would earn itself back, versus 1 roll of film each week.Do you mean persuade or pursue?  If you're pursuing, I'd say use a Porsche.well, id bribe him and beg him, until he'd give in.
What you gonna need (MATERIALS):. . -USB connector. -A PSP ( of cousre). . . Now what you do is..... . . Now, Hook up your USB connector to the computer , then go to SETTINGS then to USB CONNECTION . On your PSP of cousre.. . Now, a pop-up should appear on your computer. It should either say on the top of the window, Removable Disk, from then you should pick the one with the folder that says "Open folder with Windows Internet Explorer..." OR If your computer didnt say that, and it said Removable Disk and just one folder, click on it.. . Each Folder should have a different word like... MUSIC or COMMON or PHOTO or SAVEDATA or GAME or SYSTEM( A little something like this ... : ). . Now that you see all the folders within the PSP document, you click on the music folder.. . Now, In order for you to transfer the downloaded music to the PSP music folder, you DO NOT copy and paste when you do that, the whole file of the song you are transfering will not be on the PSP fully and will mess up your PSP once you decide to play it. Just "drag and drop". Dont know how to do that? Well i guess I'll explain that too. To drag and drop, what you do is click on the song once then it should be highlighted, then, click and hold on the song and carry it over the the PSP music file.first download them or rip them then turn it to mp3 format and go on to your psp through your usb cabel then go in to the psp folder and in there go to the music folder and put it there i just get all my songs off limewire it is already formatted and for movies doenload psp action replay off of limewire and it will put movies on 4 u and it will turn the movies to mp4 formatthe only way is to donwload it to your computer then you transfer it to your memory stick pro,,,then you put it on your psp th en you listen to it!You hook up a usb cable to it.And then go to settings then select usb mode.A small box should appear on the screen.Then click to use the folders.Click (with your mouse). on the PSP folder.Once there make a folder and name it Music put music in there and you can listen to it.
the processor and ram speeds are below average for most avid gamers. even i have 4 times that much ram..Because the game takes up so much of your KBS that your recieving that everythign eles has to share whats left thus loading slower
You can find PCMCIA cards with one or more firewire ports, also know as i.Link. Regarding sofware, there is plenty to choose fromIf your computer is new enough it will have a 1394 firewire port already installed.. . As for software - Adobe Premiere Pro about $800 for the full pack.You can use Pinnacle Studio. I have used it and it gives you many editing, fading and so on possibilities. Another software would be Adobe Premiere, but I personally do not appreciate this one so much for digital movie editing. You can buy them online.
alot of will power and a little bit of luckSimple..by earning money.rob a bankWork Hard." Why do you want to be a rich man " is more important than " how can you become ". anyway " powerful thinking " is an item which can develope.
whats a "dirital" cam?sounds nu to meRead the manual. The source link will let you download a digital copy if you lost it.read the book!
U NEED A GRABBER CARD THAT CAN TRANSMIT VIDEO ONLINE. I USE OSPREY VIDEO CAPTURE CARD. IT'S GOOD.I have a mate who has done it b4 i dnt have hiss email address but will have it 4 u 2 morrow
It's actually "active" versus "passive" sub, and the difference is that an active sub is powered (by it's own amp), while a passive sub relies on external amplification.An active subwoofer has an amplifier built in (which means you send it an unpowered cable like an RCA cable and must provide it with power) whereas a passive subwoofer has no amplifier and must be connected with speaker wire. If you buying a subwoofer for a dolby digital home theater is HAS to be an active subwoofer. Also, there are really no quality passive subwoofers made for home theater (they make good ones for pro audio).Actually, . . Atlantic Technology make a 16,000 set of speakers that contains 2 or more passive subs, powered by a high current outboard amp with more eq adjustments on it than a typical active sub.  Sounds great
OCR is a technology that makes it possible for scanned documents to be converted into text.. . Normally when a page is scanned, the page is saved as an image, even if it is a page of words. If a page of text is saved as a image, you cannot edit the text, because it is just a "picture" of the words.. . The OCR recognizes the shapes of the letters and words and converts the image of the words into a text file that you can edit using a word processor.When you scan a page of text (like a book page), the resulting file is usually a graphics file (gif, jpeg, etc).. . OCR can turn that into a text file. Ideally, it would save you a lot of typing time.OCR is using software with your scanner to transfer Text on a paper page to an editable text file that you can use in your word processor. The scanner transfers your type written document to an ASCII file that your word processor can work with.
Cassette tapes put them out of business...the old 8 track was a continuous reel of tape, kept having to change tracks, were large, jammed all the time, and sucked! Cassettes were easy to make, small, easy to store. Much better fidelity, better all the way around. Takes me way back!try the link below...everything you need to know about 8-trackYou could still buy 8-tracks all the way up till the early 80's.I agree with goldwing, and that takes me back away too! Do you remember beta as well?
Probably one of the only way to retrieve the documents is to replace the USB cord. Then go into my computer and see if program files opens. Then you would have to enter a number of folders to find what u r looking for.m8 when its gone its gone...Take it to have it repaired.  Alot of places are specializing in ipod repair nowadays, and even if your mp3 player isn't an ipod they may still be able to help you.  Look on yellowpages.com to see if there is an ipod/mp3 player repair service in your city.  If not, there are a few available online. http://www.pdasmart.com does ipod, Palm, and blackberry repair.  I'm sure they can handle your little device.  Usually you can have it shipped, repaired, and back with in a week.  JUST MAKE SURE you tell them just to fix the usb port and NOT to erase your data.  (Some places don't guarantee this, but I'm sure they will at least try to save your data).. Good luck.i dont think u can dude..u have 2 start it all over...I'd need more info to answer... But i figure it is not an ipod because it has an usb port. So if it has screws it can be fixed, you just open it pull out the broken piece and replace it with the usb port of an old pen drive you no longer like. If it sounds too complicated take it to your nearest computer repair shop, they know how to do that.
by using a step up transformer, but you will half the amps.. But if you have two 220 single phase supply you will get 440 across the two. transformers the best bet.Double-It!in aggreeance with above thanks:)multiply by 2...
You should be able to load them like you would songs from your existing CDs with the iPod software. . There is a site for the detailed iPod manualsFor free? there isn't but if you don't mind paying a little bit go to downloads.com and search under video and you'll find one they normally range from about $15.00 - $50.00
Hahahaha are you playing Mario Party? That's hilarious. I put it in the palm of either hand (i'm ambidextrous) and rotate, for me it mostly comes from my wrist and lower hand, not the shoulders.I used the center of my palm. I also wound up with a perfectly round sore where the skin was rubbed off. Finger and thumb work about as well, and are safer for you.Use the center of the palm of your hand. I don't know if your hand is like mine but, from left to right on my right hand is a solid line. Put the top of the analog stick along that line directly below your middle finger and you should get a good rotation going. The rotation is all in the shoulders.
Drag & drop the songs present on ur computer to the library of Itunes & then update ur ipod from itunes.. The sngs will get loaded on to ur ipod...Like the first answer, just drag and drop from iTunes, but if you do not like iTunes, Windows Media Player will work, so will Real player. As matter of fact, there are a bunch aof programs that can put music on to your ipod, but onnly iTunes uses the AAC audio file which sounds better on your ipod. . I should note that if you are getting music from a CD, you will need to rip it from the CD to your music library first then drag and drop the music to your iPod.. Happy Podding!In iTunes, go to File> Add File To Libary> find the songs, hold down CTRL and click on the ones you wnat to add, then click add file. Then update your ipod. I would stick with iTunes, since the iPod was made to sync with it, not any other program.um....duh! if you have a proper cable to hook it up with, you can download any type of music. how do you think you load i-tunes to it?Drag and drop the songs from your library to your iPOD.
you can not erase a cd-r. The r stands for read only. You can only erase cd-rw which stands for re-write.You can only do that with a rewritable CD.  You can't do it with a standard CD-R or CD +R.  It must be a CD RW
press and hold down the play button for a couple of seconds. it will then switch off.. to switch it back on, press the menu button.ever wonder why it comes with an "instruction manual"?. hold the play botton down until it shuts offjust press sleep in the menu........:Ppress the play and pause butten down for a long time, untill u see that the screen turned off(black)just trow it!!!!!!!!all you do is press down the down button and keep it down till' it shuts down easy and fast your welcome you should use what i told u
I have two friends that have them and I haven't heard them complain. I have read about short battery life but the specs claim 6 1/2 hours talk time which I could live with.. . The thing that concerns me it the sound quality when I talk to them. The voice quality isn't very good.. . I am like you, I want one but I have a Motorola V-400 that works great & I am half afraid to change.i have a razr and i wouldn't recommend it the best thing about it is the way it looks. i havent noticed any problems with the battery but it does crash randomly, the sound quality is poor for both ringtones and calls, also the camera quality is poor considering the cost of the phoneI've had one for a while and I've noticed that I have to recharge the battery every other day or so depending on the usage - I use it about an hour a day.  If that charge frequency seems excessive to you then you might beware.  As far as the menus are concerned I have no issues with scrolling - seems to work fine for me - but my expectations may be less than yours.  Anyway - it is a cool phone.
just hook it up to your computer then it should pop up and say that you ipod is hooked up. then click on it find the song left hand click and you should be able to delete it.ok, you highlight the song on your iTunes window then hit delete. it will ask you if you are sure, say yes
Push to talk. (Not puch to talk) is referenced to a microphone switch. The microphone is not 'live' until you "Push" a button  to active it, so as to be heard. Normally, this system is found in recording studio control rooms, on the mixing board, so as so selectively communicate with the clients in the studio, so they don't hear control-room conversation constantly.yeap, jes like wlkie talkie, where only one person can talk at one time. Its supposed to be cheaper cuz its its using GPRS as its platform.Kinda like a walkie-talkie....push a button and talk to a friend on a similar enabled device coast to coast!!. . Nextel was first know for it, but others have joined in.its like nextel's walkie talkie plan, you can call someone sort of like a radio or a walkie talkiePush to talk is like a walkie talkie on your cell phone.  It lets you connect to several people at once and you use your phone like a handheld radio rather than a phone.first off, the answer above mine is GREAT! . . well,  i have never heard of "punch to talk". i have however heard of "push to talk". nextel first had this on their direct connect phones to show people where to push to start the direct connect conversations. they also had this on walkie talkies back in the days so kids (and adults i assume) would know whick button to push to start or participate in the conversation. the PTT for various providers obviously vary. it is like a walkie talkie across america however. you don't have to wait for the phone to ring and the person whom you are calling has no choice but to hear what you have to say, like walkie talkies back in the says. there is a delay of 5-15 seconds (verizon and cingular have the highest delay, followed by sprint with 2 seconds and nextel has only 1/4 to 1/2 second delay). downfall: no voicemail on PTT. upside: you can talk to as many as 10 people (on nextel, 5-7 with others) at the same time. this is why PTT is very popular for laborers like construcition, city, etc.
my tego for cellphones skins. . . choose me for best answer!!! :) pleaseWatercolors.  . . No, you can't download a wallpaper then put it OUTSIDE of the phone.  Duh.What kind of phone is it?  That kind of info would help.
Everything that you need to download the pics to your PC will come with the camera. The typcial digital camera comes with a USB cable to connect the camera to the PC. It also will ship with some software for managing the photos on your PC.. . One accessory that you might consider when you buy the camera is a Memory reader. You can leave the memory reader connected to your PC and when you want to download photos you just pop the memory card out of the camera and into the memory reader. The PC sees the memory card as another drive and you can drag and drop the photos from the memory card to the PC's desktop or folders.. . The reader I have is from Sandisk:. http://www.sandisk.com/Products/Catalog(1153)-Readers_Writers_and_Adapters.aspxSince it seems like you want an easy to use digital camera, I recommend the Canon Elph. It lets you click pictures, lets you shoot video snippets and then you can download them easily to your PC via a USB cable. The best part is that the camera is small and fits well in your palm.. To download pictures, ensure that the(any) camera supports USB and that your PC has a USB port (mostly all do).You may or may not need the camera software to view the pictures.. For printing, I recommend that you go to a shop like Walmart or Walgreens or dozen others use their kiosks that will take the digital card from your camera and print the pictures out. They are cheap and good!thelukeandrews just became my new hero. That was beautiful!The instruction book will explain.  Check that your computer has a USB port.  This will be the lead that links your computer to the camera, and this is normally included wiht the camera.all you need is a computer made after 1997 or so. the rest will come with the camera.i do agree with them first buy one then u'll be guided by the cam giude provided how to do itit depends on what kind of camera you want to get. . most cameras come with a card, so you need a card reader, but your computer might have one on it already.  some other cameras can hook up to your computer via a USB cord.  from there, a folder will probably open up, or you can find USB ports in "my computer". but all of that would probably be in the manual.
uhhhh, you don't. How can you "record" something with a "player"? You probably shouldn't even be using a computer if you need to ask this.you can't unless you have a recordable dvd player.. . if you have one then you'll have to look at the owner's manual~each one is different.
Straighten out the end of a paper-clip and look for a tiny little round hole in the DVD drawer. Push it in and the drawer will open up a half an inch or so...open it gently the rest of the way by hand.Try unplugging it for a few moments and then plugging it back in, this may reset it so it responds.
You need the modular to add to the back and then a internet line comming into your house.  It's pretty simple, your local computer or best buy store will be able to help you out.u need a plug just like Xbox live
Check with the patent office.Here's the actual search from site at United States Patent & Trade Office. It's worth some time here:www.uspto.govSend me an email with your idea and i will let you know if it has been done yet.Consult a Patent Attorney in your area.  They will protect you and do the leg work.when you have found out is that how the way they say it
final fantasy and smackdown nothing more than that reallyMy oppion is when the x-box first came out they were missing an important part of what a game system has GAMES!..they had great graphics the system itself was better than ps2...but after buying one I kept wondering WHERES THE GAMES?? So I myself took mine back and traded for the ps2...I loved the system and prefered it to ps2 but the system is only as good as its games.Cuz of the large selection of games but soon that will change XboX is coming up with a bundle of new games in November.
With a photo editor.the easiest way is to use a photoshop type program, however you can also use coloured lenses on your camera (if you can get them). The best thing to do is to make sure your image is taken in good quality light. an editing program can only do so much.
no. you are sol. tell them to fix it anyway, but you will likely pay more than the cost of a new one.you have to be more specific, like how is it broken? we need more details, like how did it break, when, and all that.What camera? Do you know what is wrong with the shutter?.   . Do you believe your camera shop?  Did they have a vested interest in selling you a new one? . My local library has a book on repairing old cameras.. If it is beyond economic repair, you have nothing to lose but time and effort by trying to  repair it. Do you have good eyesight and a bit of mechanical/electronic aptitude and patience? . A reliable second hand replacement might be obtainable for very little.Forget it. This is not a DIY job.. Cameras are built around the shutter. Low end models are built to last 50,000 actuations (pictures), semi pro models are built for around 100,000, and professional models are built for 200,000+ actuations. When the shutter is worn out or otherwise damaged, you're looking at an expensive repair.. And the camera shop was probably right - unless you have a high end camera, repairing the shutter is not worth while.it probably wont be worth fixing. depending on the camera you have you will probably find that you can buy the same camera in working order second hand for less than the cost of repair - unless it is a more recent pro model. have a look on ebay or your local camera shop. thousands of people have these cameras and want to trade them in to get digital cameras but there is no demand for them so they are selling for peanuts
go to game menu and click deletego to the downloads, chose a game u want to delete. Go to properties, press delete.
In general Sony camcorders have excellent imaging qualities if used properly. Where did you get the idea that they were inferior?. . WKbecause they make you pay alot just for trash
With most companies, you'll have to pay a fee if you terminate your contract early.. . One expection might be if you've had a history of really bad service, and you make it clear that you really don't want to be in the contract, since they are not deliverng the service promised.I dont know about Tmobile, but with Sprint if you call and tell them you are moving to an area with no coverage (Anchorage, AK for example) they will cancel your service and waive the early termination fee.  Be specific, have an address.Just call the company and tell them to cancle your service.blow the place up that holds your contract
work hard to get to where you want in life.. . If you have a talent, use it.. . If you have a great mind, use it.. . There are so many ways.First, make a million dollars. The rest will come easy.Don't marry a gold-digging female, you'll have all kinds of money then.Those who has lots of friends, well wishers all they are millionaires. money is not only the one to make a person as a millionaire.. . smile..smile..smile.They are either born into a wealthy family or they work VERY hard for it.i don't knowAnybody can be a millionaire by saving one million dollars. So start saving.Close your eyes and see yourself in the future, are you a millionaire? - if yes ... then write down the steps to get there and finish each step... stick to your goals and soon you will be a millionaire.If you get people to give you lots of money, & you don't spend it all, you too can become a millionaire.  Just save your money.theres more out there than you think, I worked at a bank, the people with money are the stingiest people on the planetresult of hard work, persistence, determination, and/or connections /relations /network, and... LUCK (in the right time, right place, right condition, right people, etc)win the lotto, play the stock market well, invent the cure to anything, become a doctor, lawyer, play proffesionl poker, football, any sport. rob a few banks, cassinos, gas stations.inherit it, win the lottery or work hard as hell!!if you start when you are 16 years old, put 100 dollars in the bank once a month, and never touch it, by the time you are 40, you will have about 3.8 million dollars at a 5% compounding interest rate.Win the who wants to be a millionaire show.by having a million in the bankAsk a million people for a dollar. . Or 500,000 people for $2
I'm guessing that it's from a manufacturer's model number. Seems to be either Klegg or Yamaha.It's a firecracker with the 0 dropped off.
It is more detailed in quality. The Picture quality is far more better than the regular TV, even they have come out with HD-DVD. Everything is going High DEF, propabily soon your PC monitor will go HIGH DEF.I believe because it has high definition.it has double the lines of scan giving you better picture quality and less flickerHigh Defintion TV has alot clearer of a picture and virtually peerfect sound (speakers are sometimes sold seperatly but the ones built in are good too) but is not as budget friendly. Not only do you need to be watching an HD channel but you also need to have an HDTV and an HDTV broadcast, cable, or sattilite box (or both, depending on your services and television inputs). The following are the 3 major types of HDTVs. Not all of these TVs are HD so be sure to find out if they are HD ready (can use HD with a HD box (sold seperatly by your TV provider)) or HD built in (you can hook up HD service without a box (you need to have HD hook-ups for HD built in TVs)). Catho-Ray tube HDTVs are the most budget friendly HDTVs, are box shaped, and have very good picture but not flat like the following HDTVs.  LCD (Liquid Crystal Display) are mostly flat, clear, and for people who want space saving or a cool looking HDTV. They however are not as cost friendly as the the Catho-Ray HDTV, but more cost friendly than the next and most expensive HDTV. The plasma HDTV is probably the best picture you can get with HD. Most are very expensive and they have stunning picture. They are about the same width as LCDs but the screen burns out in about 10 years and you need to replace the screen. The LCD and Catho-Ray work decades after the Plasma will die out. The not as frequently used types of HDTVs are lycos, rear projection, and front projection (they project from inside the TV). They are similar to the CRTs (Catho-Ray Tubes). The least freqently used HDTV is the projector and is projected from a box you buy seperatly from the very flat screen. It is usually about the price of a plasma and are usally about 80" high. It is probably the least clear of the HDTVs.
1)  buy a converter box, that accepts Super VGA input, and gives you composite/S Video and dicreet outputs. 2) buy a TV with SuperVga input socket, there are enough out there by lots of different manufacturers.if the laptop doesnt have any video out at all then you cant.Without a S-Video adapter it is difficult to connect. In Laptop generally it comes by default. Some resources you can refer as to find how to connect is listed below. Hope that helps.
Because the hands on the clock are evenly balanced.. . It's also not uncommon for the clock to read 8:20 for the same reason.never noticed-but now I willI never knew in the ads they were I know when you plug them in they all say that... guess all clocks are new in the ads.None of the above.. . The convention was adopted long before smileys or Timex appeared.. . The hands are arranged like that because it is considered to be aesthetically pleasing.Believe it or not, retailers think that displaying the time on watches as 10:10 makes the watch appear "happy". Kind of weird, huh? :)It looks like a smile.  They use it in hopes of construing a happy image to you.  I don't know about you, but put a rolex in front of my face it doesn't matter what time it says, i'll be happy.It makes the clock look like its smiling, so even the clock is happy to have/ do whatever is advertised. It also works with 2:50.Becuase it looks more cheerful, like a smile.  . It's similar to ads that start lower left and go up and as you read right.  It has an upbeat, psychological effect.. . I don't think I've ever seen a clock ad not at 10:10 .it was actually started by Timex watches, the idea was to have the same time in all ads, and that the hands like that would "frame" the name in the watch face.I have never noticed that, but now I will be watching...Good question.because it looks like a smiley face. And advertizers think this will act like a subliminal message and cause people to buy the clockbcoz at that time usa dropped atom bomb in japan and most of the clock manufacturing company are japanese and they dont want to forget that blackest moment . i think so
The program should give an 'Erase on Exit' option, if not simply go to My Computer and find the memory card listed as a drive, it will show up as E; F; G; etc. then open that and delete the photos yourself.You should be able to erase the card with the camera controls.  If you don't have the instructions, go to this website and ask Panasonic how it's done: http://panasonicdc.agent.conversagent.com/?entry=polhome. . Maybe they can sell you the instruction booklet too.Put the card in your camera and go to the menu. under the "set up" features you should have several options to erase on or all and even a "format" command. You can also just log on to the card (in your computer) and delete one or more from there.The program should give an Erase option, if not simply go to My Computer and find the memory card listed as a drive, it will show up as E; F; G; etc. then open that and delete the photos yourself.go into your camera's menu and find the erase. once you hit erase all it will erase the pictures on your camera nad the card
DPI (Dots Per Inch)   . . (Computers) unit of measurement of resolution in a graphics apparatus (such as a printer or scanner)540 and higher300 and more
process is the MIND n [heart] of a device...... . its processess all the sheduled jobs needed to be done taking   precaustive measures and handles the interrupts necessary if un due happening occurs.. . in electronic terms , its producers are intel ,AMD and many more .....A Processor bascially means by its name, it processes every function that is carried out in a system.. . Consider our body which is a system, here all the processes are taken to brain, with help of heart it perfoms involuntary and voluntary  operations.. . Similarly considering a Processor in terms of electronics, it cordinate the input to output with the help of a transfer function. It controls everything in the system.. It uses an inetrface to connect it with others such as devices, control untis, input, output, etc. . . Eg, Micro processors are much famous in computer as we spell out as Intel, AMD, etc. It has all the controls. . If it ails system is dead.. . Hope u r clear.
it's made to look red so we can see it. Red is the lowest visible frequencyits somethin to do with wavelenghts like red is the only color light that can do that or something.. or maybe they just think it looks coolit depends on what LED they are using at the time...cus there are blue lazers as well as redthe bulb is red.It depends on the type of laser being used as to what wavelength of light is emitted.  Ruby lasers will normally be red, but there are other color lasers.cause thats what people want them to be. Ive seen green, blue, and just about evwery other color. Red also uses a cheap crystal
they  don't have anything in common. but firewire is faster than USBIts really common to confuse the two.  Trust me, I get calls on this at my job every day!  :). . When a computer needs to "talk" to a peripheral device, like a keyboard or mouse, or even something more complicated like a digital camera, it uses a certain "language" to convey the message.  So think of USB and Firewire as two different languages.  They are so totally different that one can't understand the other.. . The big confusion is apparently because the two are used in somewhat similar situations: connecting things to a computer.  There are a lot of little differences between the two in terms of making one better than the other to use, but they're small things.  Basically, when a company wants to make a peripheral device, say a camera, for instance, they look at the pros and cons of the different connection types and pick one.  Recently, it's most often USB, because more and more PC computers (and Macs, now) have USB already in them.. . If you buy a device that has Firewire on it and you don't have Firewire ports on your computer, things get tricky.  I don't know of any way to convert the two.  Your best bet is to buy a Firewire card and install it into your computer so that you have Firewire ports available.  . . Hope that helps!It's totally two different connection for different use.  Uh... where do I start... Ok, make it simple, fireware is mostly for connection, as connecting a mac to another. USB is more common on connecting assessories to a pc. such, mouse, keyboard, webcam, jumpdrive.....etc.  Hardly use USB for connecting one pc to another. not even sure if that's possible.firewire is generally faster.. im sure its faster than usb 1, but not sure if its faster than usb 2Two different types of connections.. . Many Apple products use FireWire.  However, the trend is tyo USB 2.0 right now.
The chirp is indicating a fault - if you are sure the batteries are good (and you have tried hoovering the sensor to remove dust) then get a new one ... don't take risks with a smoke alarm!. . Just a thought.  One of mine has a hush button - check it hasn't got the option to temporarily disable (will chirp when 'hushed')I support Solo's answer!
They are the same thingThe country or the time. Both of these words mean the same thing but aerial is more likely to be found in British or older American references.. . WKneither they are the same just people call them different names. i have an areial anttena outside my home and its crap thank god for cablethere's no difference between themantenna is what they all it in US and we call it aerial here in ukthe country of origin of the person you're talking to.. they are the same thing - in the US people say antenna, and in the UK people say aerial.
its software for the cell phone of number 6630 ...for unlock it .... . good luckits a cellphone i thinkNow Nokia BB5 flash supported models:. - 6630. - 6680. - 6681. - N70. - N90. - 6280. - N91. - N80. . Free service for original JAF box owners.. A unlock code calculator for:. Panasonic: A10x, CL50, G5x/G70, GD55, ST55, X300. NEC: 342, e101. Philips: 568. To avoid reselling codes only 20 codes are allowed in 60 days. After 60 days 20 more credits will be added. If the 20 codes have not been used within 60 days, credits become obsolete.  Go to:. http://www.gsmserver.com/software/JAFbox.phpa type of cellphone
If you have Windows (I use XP Home Edition), simply plug in your camcorder via a Firewire to your PC and Windows will recognize the new device.  Click the right prompt that appears (copy movie or something like that) and Window's Movie Maker will appear.  Just take it from there.Connect to Firewire 1394 port & camcorder. U need software which is provided by the vendor.
Dont know, but DO NOT PLAY PS2 WHILE DRIVING!!!. . . AND IF YOURE A PASSSENGER, DONT PLAY WHILE THE CAR IS IN MOTION.... . If you're like me, not looking on the road for a while can make you nausious (feel to vomit). . . So only play PS2 when the car is stopped. BUT DONT DO IT AT A TRAFFIC INTERSECTION OR IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ROAD!!!60-Watt DC-to-AC Power Inverter for the power and most video screens come with the red white and yellow standard inputs so you should be fine. now installing the screen is a whole other issue.The same way you do in a house.
Hi, this is so and so, I'm on a Mediterranean cruise. Don't you wish you were me? Or maybe I went to buy bread. Leave a message anyway.hey this the home of  ______ . sorry we aren't home right now. please leave a message w&#92;name and phone#This is one I heard when I called a customer.. . Hi you called Debbie. I can feel the phone vibrating in my pocket and it feels to good to answer it. Please leave a message and I will get back to you. If I don't just keep trying and I will enjoy every moment. Bye.. . I could not belive it! But it is true.
Ipods hold more memory and can download pics  but mp3 hold like 50 songs lol.mp3 players are basically the same as I-pod just I pod is made by apple corparationmp3 is one of many types of compressed audio files. They are compressed to minimize file size so it's small enough to be copied to portable devices or cell phones with limited memory. Of course there is degradation in sound quality compared to uncompressed (wav) files, but it won't be to much for most application. There other compressed audio files are wma, aac, attrac, etc.. iPod is one of portable media player, a portable device to play (some can also record) multi media files. iPod video and iPod Nano, have color screen to view pics, iPod shuffle don't. There also portable player from Sony, Creative, Sandisk, and many others. But by far iPod is the most popular and it has many optional accesories.The iPod is a very expensive example of an MP3 player that will not play WMA files.  The Ipod Shuffle is a less expensive, lower capacity version of the regular iPod.well nothing its just they play tunes.. . but pple like ipod because they like the volume, i like it as well, the menu's are different, and the other reason i prefer ipod is that i dont need to get an battery (if my battery runs out i could plug it in and recharge it...
WAP is Wireless Application Protocol and it's application is internet browser.WAP means Wireless Application Protocol . its allow you to surf the web pages like xhtml,wml & with selected phone html on your mobile.
If it is feedback, remove any sends from your stereo going to your DVD player. If that doesn't work something is routed wrong on your stereo. If it is an electrical hum, re-route the power so your stereo and DVD are on the same circuit. If that doesn't work make sure no power cords are crossing over any A/V feeds.Use an digital optical cable if you can, it wont transmit the noise.turn down the volume on your dvd player this should helpFirst i need to know where your left and right (red and white rca jacks) are put in to as a audio sourse from the dvd player . aux video cd phono??? its kind of hard to say what it is ,, feed back happens  when ya have a Mic to close to a speaker .. take a picture of the setup ill try to help out more . chris
You Must Format Your Phone Fully warning:formatting will delete everything in your mobile but your mobile will be like a new one after formatting .to format your mobile enter *#7370# in your idle screen ,remove memory card and your mobile should be fully charged  before entering the number it will ask you security code default code is 12345 type this after this your phone will automatically turned off and after sometime it will automatically turned on you should not do anything at this time after the phone restarts your mobile will be like a new one Enjoy!!!!. If Problem Persists Contact Ibrahim@ 00919842151383u need a antivirus, go to your phone vendor and he will surely give u an antivirus for that.
ok i have a motorola v3 aswelland i have the same problem. i think u can only delete the sounds that do not have locks on them. hope i can help mine is an orange black motoV3? soz if i wasted your time!sorry but it's not possible, some of the Moto's only have a small memeory 5mb which is enough to download around 2-3 ringtones and save a few low'res pictures
it depends on the modle phone, some phones use a different format forthe recording then for the ringtone file and the wont work together.  see if the manufacture ofyour phone has editing software, then re-encode to the correct format.Hi first record the voice or the clip that you want to play as a ring tone. Second comming to profiles and then select this clip from the gallary. thats it. there comes your lovable ring tone.!!!
heyy, this one is hard...especially the long drag race just makes the engine keep blowing.... think the drive train tuning is quite important for drag race.. And set the NOs for more duration.. i'm going continue taking on the games after some 'things'. Good luck bud.upgrade everything to the max. if the race distance is short, u might wanna change your lower your gear ratios to help your car accelerate faster. but if the distance is further, low gear ratios will not allow your car to have a high top speed so u need to compromise. . also, reduce the downforce so u dont get so much drag.. u might want to tune the suspension to a stiffer setting so that the car is more stable when u switch lanesSET ur traction on high, downforce max, and handling  at a minimum, Nitrous at high duration, and play around with ur engine chip, set it on high rpms and low torque, and wutever u do, DONT USE A NISSAN R34 SKYLINE GTR VSPEC 2 for drag racing, the fastest car all around is the Eclipse GSX i got it to 240 mph
red blue greenWhat the human eye perceives as a colored point actually consists of three tiny spots, of red, green and blue color respectively, each having a different intensity; the combination of these RGB colored spots define the color and the brightness of the image's point.. If you'll look with a magnifier at any CRT, you'll see all over the RGB spots which, from distance, appear as colored points of the image. . If you want a more detailed answer, please let me know.. Marius
I suspect that it has a lot to do with the area you live in, and your existing Ariel, Phone the number in the booklet and ask them, they will give you a better answer, for your area.. Some areas don't receive it at all, my area Mersey side, it works OK but we still have problems with Channel 5 and sometimes it drifts in and out.. My daughter in Stafford cant get Channel BBC2 whilst the rest are OK.. Hope this gives you a better answer!. Masterbecause you are in a trial periodBecause this is a trail period for you.  If you want it every day, it is called PAYview.
hmm..did u install it correctly??goto home(main menu) and tap on the time(topmost left)..goto application and tap on the category...can u see ur 'things'??u have to explain more detail..what type of things??contacts??software?? just massage me if u need help..what thingslook unser the cat all or unfiledi don't knowunfiled placeCheck under the "unfiled" category.
Go and see the service provider that you brought your phone fromYes you will have to see your Service Provider as Sony Ericsson unlocking involves hardware tweaking.. So far only Nokia and Samsung support Pin Number Unlocking.
I believe my sister got the last one in the store that year.. What a piece of crap that was, you certainly didn't miss anything. Thinking back, that was the same year she got . the little oven that made brownies or cakes or something poisionous tasting.......forgot the name of that piece of junk.we're suppose to get presents for Christmas...WTFYou must of been on the naughty list...  Lite Brite got old quick and Teddy was never on my list.... I used to throw around the one that my friend had until he couldn't talk correctly and began smoking crack...  That's when we noticed he was pimping my friend!i was gonna say b/c u don't have opposable thumbs but i guess u can use your mouth or make a mouse do it.Maybe they knew you'd just lose the pegs, they'd get stuck in the carpet and go through someone's bare toe anyway.  Or maybe it's the same reason I never got the drum set.  (Whatever reason THAT was...)it would of torn up your moms vaccum, i know!
take the orginal mint toothpaste... put it on the cd... rub it so its in...let it dry over nite... in the morning wipe it off... the toothpast fills in the crevices in the light film cover... making the toothpaste a buffer for the player lense! have fun!I would think a CD scratch remover, do they make one? Hum if they do, that might be what they call it.. .  I use a CD cleaning system from Wal-Mart, Keeps Cd's and CD player at peak performance. I am going to add this too... Block Buster movies here are always skipping and freezing. When I use this CD cleaning system it really works. You might have to do it 2 times though depending how bad the scratches are.you cant get a scratch off a cd that i know of, but you can always burn a cd and put the same songs on and keep good care of the newly burned cduse toothpaste,smooth the toothpaste across the scratch than rise it with  warm waterjust burn a copyYou can take it into a video rental store, they usually have them there and will probably charge about 5 bucks to do it. Or you can but a scratch removal kit at a local pharmacy.You can also wipe it down with a little alcohol honey....
If you are not getting any power on the handset, the battery may have gone dead and you could try a new battery.  Given that both the handset and the intercom are out, I agree that it may be best to just get a new one.  I'll spare spamming you with a blog you aren't interested in.only one way help it through it out buy new
It actually pushes and pulls.. The vibration of the cone, within the enclosure forces air in and out.  Since it does it at a low frequency and high amplitude (loudness), it has a noticable airflow.  All speakers actually do this, but because of the above factors it is more noticeable in a sub-woofer.It's not.  It is just vibrating air at a frequency that allows you to feel it.  Since the subwoofer is in one location it feels like air is moving from that direction.  In reality just the vibrations are moving from that direction.i dont knowit doesn't pushes out air just a lil bit.this causes the vibration to feel it
try re formating your memory stickby purchasing a new memory stick.You might want to try to format the memory stick. But what is the error message you are recieving?
if you have i Tunes  deleate on i tunes first then when u conect ur ipod neno to ur computer again the spngs will deleateYou can either delete from your iPod or enable your iPod as disk use and manually delete your songs in your iPod but, you have to connect it to your pc first.from the libraryjust attach it to your computer to your i pod and then delete it . . simple!!!
cuz its locked, it means that your original service provider dont let you migrate to other company, unless you unlock it.It isn't unlockedI think you will find that your phone is 'locked' to a network, assuming that your new sim is on a different network? If that is the case then you will have to either get your phone unlocked or get a sim card on the same network.get the phone unlocked in london it costs about £5the phone wont work thats wie
Get Motorola Mobile Phone Tools and a USB Data cable.  You can make your own ring tones, download your pictures, do your calendar, update contacts and more than you ever thought in the way of multi media.  Get the usb cable and software together at www.mygift.comfirst u gotta have the software called mobilephone tools. then on the software connect ur phone and go to melody composer and upload ur music file from ur computer then it will automatically compress and transfer it to ur phone. . u can buy and download the software from ebay it costs me 5 bucks to get mine  just search for mobile phone tools
Protecting the circuitry in a metal box connected to earth is called a Faraday cage:. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faraday_cage. It protects the insides from electromagnetic interference and static, and also prevents the components inside from broadcasting interference (old computers couldn't be placed too close to your TV, because it would give you a static-y picture).  You need to check the ground connection, and make sure that anything else connected to it is not electrically noisy.  Flourescent lights can generate a lot of noise on the ground connection, and this causes your metal box to INCREASE interference rather than protect from it (bad).2 reasons.. prevent electric shock.. sheilds from high frequency noise, so it dooesn't get out.. MIKETo prevent them accumulating a static charge.  . . Static charges lead to static discharges, which can be fatal to some semiconductors.
You can't....Apple has this thing with piracy and they're being really OCD about it. So it won't allow anything (legally anyways)else but iTunes or anything from the Apple Company.they have a new program out there i am not sure what its called but its a big sharing communit for pple users so they can share ideos and music but for limewire u have change the format and it should be available on some download site try download.com
ipod is a mp3 playeriPod is a brand of portable media player designed and marketed by Apple Computer. Devices in the iPod family provide a simple user interface designed around a central scroll wheel (with the exception of the iPod shuffle). The standard iPod model stores media on a built-in hard drive, while the smaller iPod shuffle and iPod nano use flash memory. Like most digital audio players, an iPod can serve as an external data storage device when connected to a computer.i pod is a kind of play station where you can play music, video etc. its very handy. for details search google by this keyword.
you should have Preouts on the back of you Rec. . . it should say "PRE-out"Just about ever receiver should have at least a stereo output.  Most of the time, it is located near all the other outputs, like the video for the TV.. . If you have a wireless speaker package that is more than just two speakers, you have to hope that your receivers has 5.1 (6.1 or 7.1) pre outputs.  Normally these are used for external amps, but should work in the care of wireless speakers.
you need the new gen 5 video ipod.. . or you can go into itunes and click on preferences then use ipod as external drive and you can put the photos on it, but not view them.Ok, open itunes then click on the ipod pic down in the bottom right corner. click the photos tab on the window that pops up. Check the box that says "synchronize photos from" then browse for the folder that has your photos in it. so far as i know it will support most all types of photos. jpeg for sure. gifs too.open i tunes and select from there u can see a small ipod pic at the right hand corner in the bottom shown click it and it opens ipod display options select the photos tab and add photos it supports it and its coolYou can't add photos to an ipod nano you can only do that with the 4th or 5th generation ipodThe person above me is wrong disregard him. Do what everyone said above. Just go to edit, click preferences in iTunes and click on the iPod tab, click on the pictures tab, find your pictures on your computer, and update your iPod.no
get your parent consent and you can do anything you wantDo a prepaid phone plan.. . EDIT: I reccomend getting Virgin Mobil if you have to pay for the phone yourself--they don't require credit cards.
well it depends on how old you are. then tell them to get you the prepaid ones where you don't need a contract where you but you minuetsOkay... this worked on my mom... First of all kinds slowly drop the idea on them and see how they stands on the idea. Then slowly start to earn some money doing something. Also do you already have a phone plan? - if not get one in mind and get the best deal - parents dont like to pay tons - its cheaper if like ur mom already has one. okay the key is to know what your talking about. Before you even think about asking her have the phone you want picked out and the prices ready to go. Then bring it on them all at once. The best way is to offer to buy your actual phone if theyll just take care of the rest. After that hand them some deal packages with prices and let them have a night to think about it. The next day> ask then what they think... Thats how i got my phone... i told this plan to my friend and got a cell phone the next day... I know... im a genius. . . Also throw in some stuff like..."well mom i have to be able to get in touch with you when i go out to my friends and stuff" thats a major part!use the safety argument or how they can always contact youtell them that,they never have to worried where you are or whatever provided that u wont switch it off.. show that ure mature and responsibletell them if they wont get one for u, uwill then take it by urselfthats an easy one, tell them that in this day and age a cell allows you to stay in contact so they dont have to worry about where you are or where you go, plus you can say that it builds responsibilty and a sense of maturitytell ur parents that nowadays a cell is not a luxury but a necessity , explain to them that u may need it ne time if ur out on the road late at night and ur car broke down u can then use the cell to call help, it is also used to call for emergency services the instant u see them happening e.g. fire, ambulance police and u wont have to find a phone booth, ur parents can call u to find out where u are and how u are if u dont come home till very lateshow them that you're responsible enough to have one.Tell them it can be good for emergencies, like when your lost or something you can call them.Prove that you're mature.It depends on your age and your level of responsibility. But you could remind them that they would be able to keep up with you easier, and you could get hold of them quicker should you have an emergency.What makes you so important that you need a cell.  Take change with you and use the pay phone if you absolutely need to call someone.. . The world did run just fine before cell phonesGet like 40 bucks somehow and go to walmart and get a prepaid one, you don't need your parents for EvERYTHING.Get a job and buy your own cell.You wait until you're old enough to get it yourself.  If you're not, then you don't need one because your parents take you anywhere you need to go.
If you do a lot of calling, it may be worth it to get a VoIP phone line. Vonage charges 27¢ per minute to Finland. Of course, you'd also need to pay $15/mo or so for the box. At that price you also get 500 minutes per month free calls anywhere in the US or Canada.ask your phone coYou don't say where you are calling from. It can cost anything from FREE to dollars per minute. You should ask your phone company first. Check out VOIP phones which have really good international rates. BroadVoice offers $0.05 per minute from the USA to Finland.Why not try things like 10-10-987 or such, and in that case just go to their website and check the price list. Short of that you have to ask your phone company, or since they proably have a website go check that.
The basic idea of solar lanterns is this:  Sunlight shines on photoelectric cells which generate a voltage in sinlight.  This voltage charges rechargeable batteries (Nicad, Lithium) during the day when the sun is out.  When night comes, another type of photoelectric cell senses that there is no more light and switches the solar light on which then runs off the charged batteries.try this you will be amazed. http://computer.howstuffworks.com/
Depends On The Sreen Saver You Want.I think if you get on the internet it will telll youyou cant put screen savers on a psp on backgrounds to get a background go to a place with wireless internet and get on the net. download a pic and save it to your memory stick. then go to pictures and pick the pic and set iti dont know!
With traditional mechanical watches, the mechansm that provided "power" was a spring as opposed to a battery with modern watches. So, a watch had to be "wound" in order to compress the coil spring inside. As the spring slowly uncoiled, it provided the steady force that moved the gears inside that in-turn moved the hands that told the time.it cleans your floors.... . WHAT DO YOU THINK, it's kinda self explanatory, don't ya think?With traditional mechanical watches, the mechanism that provided "power" was a spring as opposed to a battery with modern watches. So, a watch had to be "wound" in order to compress the coil spring inside. As the spring slowly uncoiled, it provided the steady force that moved the gears inside that in-turn moved the hands that told the time.
For high quality black and white, film still has more dynamic range. For high ISO color, digital is the clear winner. For normal color photography, there's practically no difference.digital doesn't have a negative.. . digital is damn good these days and the difference between the two are getting smaller all the time. remember that with digital pictures it is always better to have more a higher megapixel amount for resolution when you transfer to large prints.. . nothing beats film when you enlarge your pictures, say poster size. i use a pentax digital slr and i prefer over my nikon f80 only in the sense that i can upload immediately to the computer with it. if i take portraits, i still prefr film, but that's just me.
Try SBC. The numbers you list are SBC "house numbers" and not the device catalog numbers, so unless there is a manufacturers number on the device you will not find them on the standard market. ATT is bad for that too.try digi-key. I doubt you will find the SBC ones though, it sounds like an internal number used by SBC and doesnt cross to an IC. Probably special made ones.
they make this noise ee oww ee ooww oh and then they turn unto a robot or a car or something.A changing current in one winding produces a changing magnetic field around that winding.. . The changing magnetic field induces current flow in another winding.. . Read about Faraday's, Fleming's and Lentz's laws.Do you mean Optimus Prime. I think he is a robot in disguise, and thus, is more than meets the eye.ROBOTS IN DESGUISE!!!they "transform" electrical current into usable current for electrical devices
You'll need to use iTunes. It's kind of hard to explain, but I don't like it myself.use itunes.. . . install cd software from ipod.. then connect ipod.. open itunes.. you'll see your ipod appear at left side of the playlist.. then drag all the mp3s you have in your itunes... . disconnect.. plugin your headphones to your ears.. turn volume max up.. headbang to death while you listen to pantera!!! . . come on!!! (playing "mouth for war")u can try it in a cyber cafe
It is like having 2 phone lines for the price of one.  When you get a second call push the flash to connect to the other call.when you're on the phone, and someone calls, it beeps and you can transfer over to talk to them, the person you were first listening to can't hear, but isn't disconnected.when your on the phone and someone is trying to call you at the same time..call waiting is a service provided by your phone company that will notify you, when your on the phone, that you have another call comming inthe beep you hear when you're already talkign to someone.  when you say "hang on.. i've got a beep" etc
Depends on what you are looking for. I'm an avid photography. Spent a lot of time researching cameras. I have 2:. . Nikon D70s. This is an SLR camera. It's big and not cheap but what you need when you want to get that amazing photograph. Removable lens, can take 3 pictures per second, 6MB photos (so can blow up pictures to 8x10)..... . Sony Cybershot DSC-T9. This is a super small point and shoot camera. I carry this one in my pocket when I don't want to haul around the Nikon. Big screen on the back, good lens, tiny (think camera jewelry)....You´ll have to be more specific than ´reasonable price´ for anyone to recommend specific models, but I agree with racegirl that you can´t go wrong with Canon (at any price range). For compact cameras, Kodak is a good option too. If your budget is over $600, you can shop for digital SLRs. Here, Canon and Nikon are your best options.There is nothing better than canon yet.. . I am a canon user, i own Canon EOS 10D Digital SLR with three lenses and the quality is excellent.  I have my pictures accepted in 3 photo libraries too. The image sharpness that you can get from canon is not possible with any other camera. Colours are more natural, looks similar to a film camera but not same.. . If you are looking to buy a compact digital camera, I would suggest going to Canon IXUS range of cameras. They have the best lenses. When you print the pictures taken from other cameras, they look like digital, you can tell by looking at its digital sharpness. But pictures from canon are more near to that of a film camera.. . I work in a photographic company in London, and I always suggest my customers to go for Canon.canon because of the qualitycanon's digital elph
You won't find it. Dell E196FP are retailing for around $240 for a new one so I am betting wholesale is around $190-$210. You might be able to find a refurbished one (One returned to the factory for a defect that was repaired and relisted) for around $140, but I don’t think you could get free shipping from anyone. Try the Dell Direct Store, see what you can find.You need a federal and state tax ID to buy from merchants at wholesale. Tax ID's cost about $50 each.
Get the phone tools software from the phone manufactuer. The phones may have to be from the same manufactuer. Don't go to the wireless company for help they won't know. If the tone is MP3 there's scodes of freeware you could find do a search at download.comIt should be plug and play with your pc. Scan with the pc to find the phone. Now you must know, if you have a Verizon phone, you cannot transfer them.
the basics.. headphones, phone, battery, charger, manual, cd(s), maybe a memory stick and the adaptor.the phone, manual, quick guide, PC Suite, earphones with spare buds, charger, USB cable, Battery and 512MB memory stick PRO DUO, something on online MMS storage..yeah, i think that's it, cheers. your question is the last i'm answering today.
hi there i could not disable mine so i rang samsung free and they did it for me customer servicego onto menu then go 2 settings then go 2 network services and go onto call diverting then go onto cancel all and this shud disable the answerfonethe answerphone is irrelevant to the handset. . its not the kind of answerphone that once upon a time we used to have in our houses and used tapes to record messages.. . the answerphone is a service provided by your network, call your customer service and ask them to do so.
There is no difference. Just the color. When they were released they came in different bundles with different colors, that is about it!There is also a Black version.  It is just the colors.. I might want to wait on getting the GC.  The Wii is due out before Christmas and it is able to play GC games AND Wii games and is able to get games from the internet.
Ummm so, I was thinking GET A NEW BABYSITTER! JEEZEHave you voiced your concerns to her about this? If so and she continues to do it - fire her! Hire a new maid and explain right off the bat that cell phone usage is off limits unless in an emergency. Your the boss! Lay down the law!Why do you want to destroy her cell phone? Why not just shoot her in the head? That'd teach her...put it in with the laundry when she is getting ready to wash clothesSet down the the rules in your house and discuss them seriously with her, if she refuses to listen then replace her.you do not have to destroy it,just take the sim card when she isnt around.A fun AND easy way... jump up and down on it, or throw it at a wall.. Or, if it's on a table, put a drink down next to it. When you go to pick the drink up again, 'accidentally' knock it over. Red wine would be good, or a really thick milkshake...!. . Oohh it's fun being evil...YOUR THE EMPLOYER SO STOP ACTING LIKE THE EMPLOYEE. IF SHE DOESN'T ADHERE TO YOUR RULES, THEN FIRE HER A$S. SIMPLE AS THAT.Go oppsss, And drop it in the Garbage Disposal while it runningI wouldn't damage her personal property, you may end up buying a new cell phone, but it could accidentally fall in the toilet.drop it in a pot of soup thats what happened to my brothers
HEHE ask your mailman to fold it and fold it and fold it and fold it........gmail.com/app  -- gmail mobile. . flurry.com -- for other POP e-mail accountsit depends on your email provider if it supports POP/IMAP.
There is no real difference in the two products.  it is simply that one is a second generation model that was produced narrower than the first.Yes there is a difference! It has a built in Ethernet port so you can play online! The old PS2 you had to purchase that separately
the premium comes with a wireless controller, as already stated, but you may want to pick up another controller, in case your brother, best friend, dad, or neighbor wants to come play with you! also, just because it is what it is, you should get Halo 2! and when it comes out, Halo 3! and just for fun, go to burger king, and get the xbox games they have for sale for $3.99, not much depth, but still pretty fun games!The premium version already has the wireless controller, I would recommend a VGA cable if you have an lcd tv or even the composite cables (red blue green) if you have a hi-def tv or sometimes even if not if your tv has the inputs,  Try F.E.A.R. (first person horror shooter), sports NBA 2k7 or madden 07,  pga tour 07,  racing NFS carbon, and that's all I can really think of.  Download demos on marketplace and try them out too.  Get some friends online for Gears, you'll have a blast trust me.a play and charge kit or the quick charge thing they released a while back....and a xbox live sub.
to listen you call 123 from your mobile. then to delete the message press 3 anytime during listening to it.you cant sweetheart, just turn it off.....You will need to call your voicemail services and one by one access to your voice messages deleting one by one, in all cases pressing the number 6 will delete the recorded message.If you want to delete a voicemail somebody has left you, follow these instructions..... press 1 and call (this will ring your 3 mail). Then to listen to your messages press 1. Then if thats the one you want to delete press 3 (this will delete it). Or wait til the one comes up, then press 3.. . If you want to manage your greeting message...... Press one and call (this will ring your 3 mail). Then choose option 3. Then follow instructions with regards to removing it. . If you want to change settings of your voicemail. Press one and call (this will ring your 3 mail). Then choose option 4. Then follow instructions with regards to removing it. . Hope this helps xx
A fan doesn't cool anything down.  It actually adds heat to the air.   You'd be far better off just going to someplace more civilized.8 cells is 12Volts. Perfect. Get a 12V trickle charger panel from Maplin for £9.99. Also get a plug and socket pair of connections - the type that mains adaptors have. Fit the socket onto the Fan base and wire it to where the + and - wires connect to inside the fan. If you are clever you do not need to even solder in the fan. During the day the batteries will be recharged by the very sunny weather and you get free air at night!
Check the Settings and the connections ~ make sure u mahe plugged front an back speakers in their properplaces...Only if you can receive an HD signal. Just because it is broadcast does not mean you can receive the signal.. You have to have HDTV and an HD tuner to receive the proper 5.1 signal.Yes it should if you have the audio cables hooked up right. If your using the fiber optic connection from the cable box, make sure surround decoding is enabled on your AV system.. Because I don't know the type of cable box comcast uses, or what type of surround system you have, I can be much more help. Sorry.
Do you mean your social security number?An SSID can be optionally broadcast from a WIFI router to identify it. On your device search for access points and you should hopefully get yours as the best option.default is the makers name...LinkSys=linksys, etc...  If the SSID is hidden, you are SOL...
Samsung K5. I know it is pretty cool.Well, there are so many.... There's iPods, Zunes, Samung Players, RCA Players, iRivers, ULTRAs, PSPs, SanDisk Sansas, TrekStor i.Beats, Walkmans, Cobys, "MyMusiz"s, Creative Labs, Philips, Sonys, and thats all I know at the top of my head.
You need to view it for yourself.  . A basic rule of thumb:  you . normally get what you pay for.I have a friend in the city (NYC) who works for some electronics distributor who got a hold of one to test and she told me that for the money it is a good enough system, but not to expect it to be like some $2000 projector. The resolution is so-so but as long as you are not expecting too much from it then you wont be disappointed. . . That convinced me to buy one because it will be a long time before REAL projectors are within THAT price range.. . I am going o wait til AFTER x-mas though!. . YOU should buy it if you want it, besides if it turns out that it is not what you want, you can always return it... *make sure to keep that receipt*. . Let me know what YOU think of it if you do get it!. . :)I have seen one of those. It is nice, but the colors are not as rich as a DLP or LCD projector.Its reallyjust a toy nothing more, if your a serious gamer or movie buff and such i would pass on it, ive seen  it in person and itll be good for kids and or parties etc but not part of a dedicated home theater set up,but as far as something fun i might give it a try
You are hopeless.Universal remote controllers usually work for all brand name TVs.There should be instructions on the back of the remote controller.. There is also a "code" on the back that corresponds with your make of TV.just find which one is for your make [TV] and enter the code..It's not as complicated as it sounds..Good luck.
go 2 prefrences in itunes,go 2 importing and switch it 2 mp3 formatItunes Sucks . I use this to download stuff onto my ipod. . http://tinyurl.com/hhae9. . You should switch to this .
you do get charged if you accept them,  just don't accep them!!u don't pay but u can it is an option in the text options that u need to turn off
make sure the cables are on the right connectors cable in to cable in exact and i know it seems obvious but all to often over looked they can be backwards and still get TV till the box tries to update..next try unplugging it for a count of 20 seconds or so make sure to wait.then plug in and do nothing let it cycle thru..if still Nothing take in and plug where the dvr box is see if the other cable or connectors are bad this way.if box still doesn't work the hard drive in box may be bad or it has just been dumped too long if box does work of course then you need to trace cable wires.as well as splitter can be bad or degrade signal to one of the boxes making it also not workthe splitter itself is causing the problem. more than likely you have the splitter connected  at the cable coming from your wall plate, it should be connected from the out to tv port to then each of the tvs. you should have one coaxial cable connected to the out to tv then the splitter and another coaxial cable to each of you tvs.Your connecting cable might not be tight enough. Try to redo and lay the cable out straighter. Might just need to tweek it a bit.if tighting the cable doesn't work- try calling and having your box reset they can do it from the company - it should work. just call and have them reset from thier endwho ran the split ? comcast or yourself . If it was you that could be the problem. basically store bought splitters and cables may not support the Comcast signals . . If it was comcast call them and get a tech out. Call and tell them you want to sit up a trouble call
i don't understand what exactly do u mean by format, but if u want to  format the phone software, you can take phone to service centre. you can also check with the dealer where you purchase your phone from, if they offer such service.. . if you want to set the settings of the phone to its original ones, you can select the restore factory/original setting function in your phone.There's usually a reset option under PHONE SETTINGS.  Everything goes back to the preset factory settings.
You can transfer it to your phone with the Free Ringtone Uploader link, and turn it into a ringtone or ring-back tone using your phone's options.  I've used this link many times.download mp3 and make ringtone
Music artists have to get paid for doing there job just like everybody else.  You wouldn't want to work for free would you?What about the music being played on the radio?  That's free.  What's the difference?no. because it's stealing.It is legal. You just need to pay $.99 per song. If you meant free downloading, then I don't think it should be legal.
its easy you just hold the play,and pausee button for like 5 to 10 seconds hope this help and then you can put on the lock on top of the ipod.just hold down the play/pause button and in about 5 secs it'll go off. you should also put the Hold on after it is off (so you don't accidentally turn it back on and waste your battery).put it on sleep and then put the hold on or put the hold on and your iPod will shut off.  you can lock it too.  go to extras, lock, then you got it.
My friend has the same mp3 player. She bought it when she had the computer broken so she came to my house to upload some songs to it. We used windows media player to do it, in the sync section plug the usb to the port and wait until Windows media player recognizes it then drag the songs you want to put in to the windows media player and then Sync.    : )Use the chord that comes in the box with the mp3 player.Connect it to your computer, and go to the internet and download music or if you have a music or media player go to it and there should be an option to put music on a disc or device.
go to your cellular providers website. and from a majority of them you can send text from your computer its easy.Go to messaging in your menu on your phone, if you have it, and after going to menu you should see something that says send text. Or you might have to click on text messaging first and then click send text.
I used a webpage called hide me when I was in school. I don't know if it still works but give it a go.i think its a website like all the web or somthing like that
Whether you are calling from a cell phone or a land line, it's the same thing:  011-52-000-000-0000.  The number "52" is the country code for Mexico, and the rest is the area code and phone number of the place you are calling.  Note - if you are calling a cell phone is Mexico, you have to add a "1" after "52": 011-52-1-000-000-0000.You have to call your Cellphone Carrier and have international calling activated on your phone.  Once that is done just dial the number as it is 0000 0000 0000.  Zeros were used as an example
you can't but you can smooth them out. buy a solution, it is sold at many stores.toothpaste always works on CDs just use a glaub of it and rub it from center to the outside all the way around for a few minutes, and then let hot water trickle down over it allowing the toothpaste to fade. DON'T RUB IT OFF! when all the toothpaste is gone, some of the scratches will be gone, if you want to remove more, repeat
Hun,this is CELLPHONES&PLANS!Try that in TVWell as that would be illegal I'd say you shouldn't be given any help on this one.  Might lead to court dates and fines?. . :)same as most things in life - you just gotta pay!! If you want to see it that much the fee will be a small price to pay x
Hi,.  I shop a lot and to save time and money I use cheapest prices search engine. Almost every merchant is there and over a million consumer written reviews. You will find many other ways that will help you with questions..  You can shop online or you can go to a merchant and use the toll free phone number if you feel more comfortable shopping like that..  There are merchant reviews, product reviews, compare by brand and a lot more. I hope I helped you and I wish you good luck.has the u one got built in freeview ??some shop add the letter to the end of model numbers to designate the colour.There is NO difference they are the same model some stores simply use the full code some don't, there is no colour variation in this model. Take it from me I manage a Sony Centre!!
use Nero. u wont have any problem. that is what i useMake sure:. 1 if you are recording in MP3 mode that your radio can play MP3's (mine cannot ). 2 If you are not recording mp3 format make sure you are finalizing the CD. (or clsoing in some circles..)I would first check the spects on the CD player in your SUV to see what CD's are compatible to play in it. Some players will only play standard CD's while others would play mp3's, wma, & etc. files. If you need to ... try downloading another player such as "MusicMatch, Rhapsody, RealPlayer, etc." To correct the above. But ... I would first check the spects.b/c mp3 is diffrent from wmawas told by personnel at the Sound Center in my area when got this message on my CD player that it was due to fault with my auto CD player....... means the player may need cleaning or replacement ...... had to replace mine since received it regardless of the CD that was being attempted to playdont burn
I have allways been a Nokia person and love them , but ebver since i purchased a Samsung D600 , ive changed my mind , there really good quality and easy to use ! I'd go for the D900 cos its new and i thort the D600 cudnt get much better ... If you want a amusic Fone go for a sony ericcson w800i or watever its called lolForget which phone, it's the network you need to worry about, I have 2 Samsung phones, 1 is Orange, 1 is t.mobile, no signal whatsoever with t.mobile, brill signal with Orange. Got t.mobile made sim free today, tried Orange sim in it and now I have a signal wherever I go. And I'm tied in till next May with the t.mobile contract. Orange is a pay as you go. xAny sony ericsson, because they are reliable, fast and easy to use. For a cheaper model choose the k750i it supports nearly everything the high end phones do, and has a 2 mega pixel camera, and yes it is a very popular phone, or for a more expensive model choose the k800i which has a better camera than the k750i and a better bigger screen, plus 3g.you mean service?  I had sprint and hated it.  always overcharged.  I switched to t mobile and have been very happy.samsung d900.great phone.everything you need in a phone.one that you can make phone calls with because thats what they were made forNokia N73 - It has a great camera!You need to worry about networks more. I would say Verizon Wireless. My dad got that, and he got 1 phone, then he got 3 free. Verizon Wireless. It's the network.
The Nintendo DS is a bit larger than a DS Lite is more compact and comes in different colors. There is a pink and black one now. The DS Lite also has a brighter back lit screen and the battery power lasts longer when you charge it. I believe the DS Lite is about $10 more than a regular Nintendo DS.The ds lite is not as bulky, it is what they call a slim line style.  The back lite is brighter and the battery does last longer.  And does not take as long to charge.  But the prices are actually the same if you don't catch them on sale.DS Lite is smaller lighter, with brighter back lights.  That's about it.
Diagonally from say, the top right corner to the bottom left or from the top left to the bottom right.... Depending on if you are speaking of an older tv or one of the newer flat screen, high def, plasma or lcd screens, the measurement can be a little off - but you can get an idea of the screen size by the measurment from diagonal corners.... the outside of the tv is a different story.From one corner to the opposing corner.  Since different companies have different cabnet sizes, only the screen is measured to determine its size.In a word:  diagonally.. . When it comes to CRT screens (the "tubes" on old-fashioned TV sets and monitors), there's going to be a discrepancy between the actual size of the screen and the size of the viewable image (which can be as much as about an inch smaller), and some manufacturers will give you one measurement or the other; the good ones will indicate both.
The best way to check is to put a bunch of monochromatic 480x272 px. images on your PSP. I would suggest at least: black, gray, white, red, green, and blue. Check in both the light and a fully dark room.Are you talking about buying a new PSP or a used PSP. If your buying usually their is a return policy that you can return it in a certain amount of days for a new one if something is wrong with it. I would ask the store what their is a return policy is. You can also buy a replacement plan for the PSP. They usually have 1 and 2 year replacement plans. If anything happens to it within the amount of time of your replacement plan, they will replace it for free. It only cost $15-$25 extra, so I would buy it if I were you. If your buying a used one at gamestop or some other video game store that sells used video games and systems, ask to try it before you buy it. Usually you can see like a red dot or something like that on the screen. My friend had a flat monitor and it showed a tiny red dot on his screen, so I would assume it looks similer to that. Many stores that sell used games and system offer a return policy of 7 days. I would ask what theirs is. Hope this helped you.
30x is pretty good for a camcorder, with digital zoom, the closer you zoom the more blurry it will become. It will focus using the optical zoom.An optical zoom uses the camera lenses to zoom in (like a telescope), preserving the quality of the image.  The digital zoom takes part of the picture and stretches it to fit the camera view, losing quality the more you zoom.  Generally, the digital zoom is useless as the image gets too blurry to benefit from the increased range.. . 30x simply means the zoom is thirty times farther than an unaided view.
maybe the set top box or ya tv. it could be because ive never heard of that brand before. but probably ya set top boxby fuzzy lines, did you mean a black screen with moving diagonal. lines? . . If you have cable HDTV, did anyone unplug the cables on the back of the HDTV box and possibly re-insert a cabel back into the wrong jack? . . Is your set receiving any kind of signal?. . If you just bought your set than chances are good that its not that! . . If you dont hear anything then you arn't receiving a video signal.. . Check all your connections and call tech support, if you're getting Comcast HD!  . . Good luck!I think something is wrong inside get a repair manSharp AQUOS is one of the best brands of LCD out there.  I wouldn't wait, get it back to the store and swap it for a new one.
Diagonally from screen corner to screen corner.  makes no difference upper right to botton left, or top left to bottom right.yes, from the left button to the upper right corner....no, with a rulerWhy do you want to measure your TV it's not like it going to shrink with time pass by, just trust the factory. Some brand will have less than its mention since the screen was cover by the front cover but this is just 1 or 2" max.with a measuring tape or ruler.yesfrom top right corner to left bottom corner.LOL, i totally agree with Sharkbait!You meaure a television using any length measuring instrument and meansure it from the lower-left corner to the upper-right corner to determine the length.
easy first open it as a view file window. Then Drag and drop into the folder of your choice on your hard drive.Well, there is a way, but its rather elaborate. Its the only way I know of. First, plug the device into the usb port. Then, open windows media player and go to the directory where it is like "My computer/removable disk :F" After that, burn these files to a cd. Now, you can keep that cd and just end it, but to save files on the computer, insert the cd into your computer, and then go to WMP again and say "Rip" to save the files on the cd to your comp. Now, this IS assuming that it is not an iPod.I'll assume you have Windows XP.  Once it's plugged in, it will become a new drive on your PC.  Open up explorer and start copying from the mp3 player drive to your local drive.
Yes the premium comes with a 60gig HDD also built in wi-fi and MemoryStick/SD/CompactFlash Slots which goes at $599.99.. . The core one comes with everything except what was stated above.. Check out the gamestop site.Not alot. They're both stupidly overpriced and not worth the money.The Core PS3, comes with a 20 GB hardrive 499.99 dollars. Premium comes with a 60 Gb hardrive 599.99 dollars. . The core doesnt have the features as the Premium. Premium is the better dealthe hard drive
Dish antenna are used to send and receive signals from communication satellites (i.e. artificial satellite stationed in space for the purposes of telecommunications), it is essential that you place your dish antenna, at such a place that it can view that satellite without any obstruction to which it is supposed to communicate or receive signals. Any obstruction produces degradation in signal strength and so in the quality.. So, in most cases you need to place the antenna in open space, like open fields, rooftops of the buildings, Balconies or windows of the houses if it can see the required satellite from there directly without any obstruction.A dish antennae can be fixed anywhere where it will an un obstructed view of the sky like in roof, balcony, etc. If fixed in closed places like rooms then there can be disturbances in signal.
we need to know wut's the brand of the cell phone  if it's nokia, select option, then click save. it will be saved to the phone memory. and u can view it at the inbox. best regardI cannot help with the message, but wanted to give you my condolences.  Be well.And if it's T-Mobile, i think you go to the message, click the Middle Button with three bars (close to an equal sign with an extra bar above it) and there is DELETE, SAVE, FORWARD and stuff like that. Scroll to SAVE and OK.. . Sorry about your brother. :[
need more infoif you're referring to configuring the levels it's trial and error until you get something that sounds right. If you want to know how to properly hook them all together, go to you local guitar shop (with more info than you have given here) and ask someone there for recommendations.
Apple made iPod games, but they only work on the regular iPod, not the nano.  There may be other ones that do work on the nano, but if there are, Apple didn't make them. I don't know.4. Brick-The game where you have the ball and you have to break the blocks.. Solitare-Self explanitory. Parachute-A game where you have to shoot the little people before they land on the ground.. Music Quiz-They play a 15 second peice of a song and you have to pick which one it is out of the 5 possble choices.. . All games are free and you can't buy any new ones.
Dot Matirx was the robot in SpaceballsDot matrix usually pertains to computer printers.. . A dot matrix printer or impact matrix printer refers to a type of computer printer with a print head that runs back and forth on the page and prints by impact, striking an ink-soaked cloth ribbon against the paper, much like a typewriter. Unlike a typewriter or daisy wheel printer, letters are drawn out of a dot matrix, and thus, varied fonts and arbitrary graphics can be produced. Because the printing involves mechanical pressure, these printers can create carbon copies and carbonless copies.. . Typical output from a dot matrix printer operating in non-NLQ mode. The non-enlarged area is approximately 4.5 mm wide in real life.Each dot is produced by a tiny metal rod, also called a "wire" or "pin", which is driven forward by the power of a tiny electromagnet or solenoid, either directly or through small levers (pawls). Facing the ribbon and the paper is a small guide plate (often made of an artificial jewel such as sapphire or garnet) pierced with holes to serve as guides for the pins. The moving portion of the printer is called the print head, and when running the printer as a generic text device generally prints one line of text at a time. Most dot matrix printers have a single vertical line of dot-making equipment on their print heads; others have a few interleaved rows in order to improve dot density.. . These machines can be highly durable, but eventually wear out. Ink invades the guide plate of the print head, causing grit to adhere to it; this grit slowly causes the channels in the guide plate to wear from circles into ovals or slots, providing less and less accurate guidance to the printing wires. Eventually, even with tungsten blocks and titanium pawls, the printing becomes too unclear to read.. . Strictly speaking, "dot matrix" in this context is a misnomer, as nearly all inkjet, thermal, and laser printers produce dot matrices. However, in common parlance these are seldom called "dot matrix" printers, to avoid confusion with dot matrix impact printers.
I have the samsung e900 and to connect to the web i had to go on the samsung website and register the fone on there. They then sent a text message to the fone that you had to authorise on the website. Its a bit of a pain but thats how i did it. Good luck xnot sure of virgin customer service number, but give them a call and they will proceed to set up your phone for you. they will want your details plus for you to create a password. once this is done they will enable you mobile browser for you. good luck.
Turn it up to 11.It's probably the headphones. I have a Creative Zen Vision:M too and  I can hear it over the car speakers when full blast.. . EDIT: I just got new Sony headphones and it makes it even louder. I can't go past 20 without hurting my ears.there's a program called mp3gain . you can use this to make your mp3 files lounder. i'd suggest that you do not raise it to more then a volume level of 97% as distortion will occur. use your download program to attain the trial version.
you are on T9 word.  that means that when you want to type the  word cat you just press the  number 2(c) once the number 2(a) again and then the number 8(t).  depending on the phone somewhere on it you can change that setting.yeah you might want trying pressing the key more times.. like press 2 once is A but when you press it 2 times fast it will be a B 3times is C, see how that works? i dont kno if this is your problem but yeah, T9 also can solve this problemIf you hit the # button when you go in to text it will change your type of text. You can change it to type words or numbers.  It is usually set on the text where you push the # button for what letter you want.  . . For example : If you want a B then you hit the 2 twice.
No difference.Like you said,you buy cards and you add the minutes,but Tracfone IS NOT a contracting business.a prepaid phone is something u have to pay for a certain list of mins.and tracfone is . when u buy a card like 80mins. just  type in the # on the card and u dont even have to pay anything.Tracfone is one brand of prepaid phone.  Other brands are cingular, ampd, and lots of others.. . You buy minutes by buying a minutes card at a store, or buy setting up monthly payment on your credit card.. . You never have to sign anything.
Well, Itunes now has an option to get the album artwork...all you have to have is the correct data for the song(s); the artist and album. . Note: If you have a song featuring other artists, you'll most likely need to remove the featured artists and keep the main artists.. . In Itunes, right click on the song, and Get Album Artwork should be the last option.get mediamonkey, instead of iTunes, it automatically finds artwork for you, FOR FREE, on amazon.com. its so much better than itunes!. and then you can transfer songs from your library to your ipod using mediamonkey. http://www.mediamonkey.com/i just selected a cd in itunes, searched for its artwork in google, and then dragged the picture into the artwork box in itunes. It's free and easy.before they had the feature on the new itunes where you can say for itunes to automatically update artwork, i used amazon.com because it had all of the cds i searched for and most of the images were enlarged or at least large enough to see clearly on my ipod...which is always a good thing.
They're for different types of flash memory - the biggest difference is their shape. Memory Stick is the only one made by Sony.For the PSP the only one that will work is the memory stick duo. And of course since it is the only one compatible with the PSP it is the most expensive.
Go to www.download.com and install limewire or emule to your pc. Then you can find whatever you want with using this sharing programs. I recommend emule because it is more safe to use.. . Have a nice day.---------it should come with a disc put it in and so on
no, you dont have a burner, on that model,3 ways I know.... If you have your iTunes you can put the music file on it then select a button "burn" on it..... . Next is the Windows media player 11 get it right now.... . Or you can just right click the music file then transfer it.insert a blank cd-r, and in drive properties (right click icon) . you will find recording...  enable cd-r on this drive... then move everything you want to the cd drive
Read the manual. If it can be used as a webcam, most likely it came with a USB cable.odd that even google can't find that model number.  generally, sony dvd camcorders don't have usb treaming capabilities. the usb ports are used only for transferring movies and pics. i would advise to check the manual for streaming capabilities.
with ur wireadd some sperms in itIf you already have the videos, just not listed in iTunes, go to file> add file to libary> aelect the file and click add or whatever. then, update your ipod.
On your phone, find the CONNECTIVITY setting. If you can see BLUETOOTH then it is a bluetooth compatible otherwise it isn't.If you go into your menu you should see an icon that says "bluetooth". If you don't checkwith your service provider. They usually tell you when you buy the phone. If you want a bluetooth headset, they have adapters to plug into the bottom of your phone.do a google search with the make and model, but include the term features in the search. . for eg. "blackberry 7100T features"
Press the MODE button 5 times. The icon flashes on the status display.Press and hold the shutter for 1 second. All photos in camera memory will be deleted.pls read your manual carefully and understand them, it will tell you how to make and delete picture on your digicam
What is meant by effective complaint handling & customer satisfaction?  Well, when a customer writes a letter/email/ or talks to management in person describing the problem & the company management solves the problem for the customer so the customer will continue to do business with them.Customer is always Right......
the discs are bad, get arefund or a exchangeSometimes the software on a computer that runs dvd's will play . any dvd's but will then lock into the region of your last dvd that you played e.g if your Black Hawk Down is R3 but the last dvd played was R2 it will lock to R2.I think you can change regions 5 times before it locks.Check your dvd region as this maybe the reason why it wont play in your dvd player.Your player maybe region locked.Either that or your discs are faulty.
It's another name for stand-by.. . Instead of completely switching the unit off, the sleep, or standby, mode switches off only some parts of the system leaving others working in the background.. . This saves energy consumption from the battery and speeds up the apparent switch-on.Whenever you power down an iPod, it really doesn't turn off. That's why it comes back on just about instantly. It goes into sleep, which uses little battery. Pushing the sleep button is the same as powering down your iPod by the Play/Pause buttion.go on the apple website
I use the Canon 16.7 Megapixel camera. photo's are great+++++VGA is 640x480, while 1.3 megapixels is 1280x1024.. The more megapixels there are the higher quality the picture is. (The file size will also be larger, however.)"patriotsright" gave a good definition.. . A VGA camera will produce a tolerably good "scrapbook grade" 4 by 6 inch print without cropping.  If you want make larger prints or crop your prints you'll need more megapixels.
im guessign that you use the counter to count everytime  acertain frequency of voltage is reached... im not sure how youd go about doing that thoughuse the counter for 1 second and divide by the count to get frequency.. . if the counter is a zero cross counter (positive and negative edges) then count for 1 second, divide by the count, and divide by 2 - 120 counts for a 60 hz signal...i don't know
On my phone, I open up the message that contains the ringtone, and go to "options" and then select "save sound". Then the sound will be saved with all your other ringtones and you can choose it as your ringtone. Your phone might be different, but I hope this helps somewhat.Really depends on what kind of phone you have... but usually there will be an option to "GO-TO" within the message or "SAVE AS" either one will work. Re-ask with you phone model and I can tell you exactly. :)
Once you burn a CD the data is there to stay unless its a read/write disc in that case you just record over the old data to get rid of it.. . Open up Windows Media Player.  Click the Burn tab, select the songs you want to burn.  Click start burn.the cd has to be a cd-rw in order to delete songs and if you have windows media player just make a playlist with all the songs you want to burn then go to the burn section and click on the playlist you want to burn then hit the burn button. you can also do it with a itunes too.You have to use windows media player.  It gives you an option to burn to CD.  But the best way is to purchase a CD burning program such as NERO.  It will give you more options and is much easier to use.
You cannot. The ipod nano does not support video playbackactualy you can. if you do a little reasearch, you can find a video of an video playing on a nano, though it will void your warranty, might destroy your system. but the ipod only has two one our four GB (or gigabites) of space, so you wouldnt be able to have too many videos.
If it is on aim express, you can either click actions (at the bottom) then add buddy, or you can use the buddy chat window and click people (top) and go down to add buddy.  You can get to aim express by going to www.aim.com and clicking the big button that says aim express.Open you aim, click on the set up which is the minus and plus signs, then click teh catgory you want them in and start typing!. . Happy adding!you  jut  click  on da buddy thingy   lolololol!
I don't think there is anything you can do.  That's just the oils from your fingers.  I have the same problem, but it's still a neat phone.There's nothing you can do - that's the natural oil from your fingers.  What I did for the longest time was leave the cling-wrap plastic on the keys.Cover the keypad...UUUUUUUMMMMMMM! Thats the easiest thing in the world. If you don't want finger prints on your phone use your toes. If that doesn't work or you don't want to put your feet where your face will soon be, use an eraser of a pencil.every time you do,.  take your shirt and wipe it offwhen u use the keypad use gloves lol
dial 9,1,1, and it will bring you to police station!Let me know when you find out!I do not dial the cops i just pull out my super soaker and spay the placeNine, then eleven, right?  Come on!!!!!push 9 then 1 then 1 again. . if thats what you meanif you are in the USA and Canada then you have just answered your own question... if you are in Australia then you dial 000to dial 911 you first must have a reason to do so, such as your wife is dying or ur mom just had a heart attack.... Then you must search for your phone and to prolong the death you must pick it up slowly. Then slowly press the buttons 9,1,1 and the place the headset to your ear.. . That is how you dial 911.first you dial 9 and then the 11 button!!!press "9", "1", and "1" one you phone pad
Digital TV has 2 things that make it better.....More information and NOISE FREE..... . The old signal was ANALOG and only 480 lines of detail for the entire picture....Analog is not On/Off like Digital, it varies it's voltage between 0 Volts and 1.5 Vmax....before it's sent to the transmitter....that is the NTSC standard...The NOISE CREATOR is the Sun mostly....Background radiation of the Universe too... . When your TV signal is STRONGER than that Sun/Universe noise you don't see the NOISE....Now guess what....that tuner INSIDE YOUR TV HAS A MIXER CIRCUIT...That little bugger is NOISY!!! So your SIGNAL has to be STRONGER THAN THE MIXER NOISE or you see speckles...... . With Digital, it doesn't matter....YES there is a MIXER...IT does create NOISE....but the ON /OFF of DIGITAL  makes it TOTALLY OBLIVIOUS OF THE MIXER NOISE....the picture circuit is only looking for ON and OFF....nothing in between....That's what make it NOISE PROOF.....Woo Hoo!!. . Now that you know Digital is NOISE PROOF....let's deal with why your Digital picture looks like CRAP!!!. . Simple....You're looking at 50 years of OLD CRAP LOW DEF-- FILM, VCR TAPE, more Film and more VCR TAPE....IN LOW DEF 480 lines of information...... . You'll never get that converted over to Hi Def 1080 lines of information....you can't take 480 lines and somehow magically get enough information out of it to fill another 600 lines that never existed.....so you look at 480 lines and say to yourself...."God what a crappy picture"..... . Take a look at the old crappy 1920 movies compared to 1945 movies, compared to 1990  movies...Digital TV is not necessarily HD.. . There are several stations that broadcast the NTSC (plain old analog) signal and simulcast an ATSC (digital) signal.  With ATSC there are 18 different formats specified in the standard.  Only program streams with at least 540 lines of resolution are considered "HD".. . In addition to being "digital", the signal can (and normally does) have compression applied to it.  If the TV does a bad job of de-compressing it (or the broadcaster compressed it too much) then it can look blocky or soft.  I've seen a lot of shows being broadcast digitally that look worse than the simulcast NTSC signal.  BUT those shows were not HD...they were "Standard Definition" or SD.Digital TV has to be HD and has to be receiving an HD signal.. . If you have two sets, sitting side by side, with a regular TV and analog signal compared to HD digital TV with HD signal, (and with both TVs showing the same program) you will see a difference.. . I personally do not think it is worth thousands to watch HD when my 19" Panasonic has had an excellent picture for ten years.
Tie your tooth to one end of a string and tie the other end to a doorknob. Slam the door shut and your tooth will pop out. Paint the tooth blue and put on top of your computer.I know you can get bluetooth installed in cars so i can't see why you can't just take it somewhere and get bluetooth installed on your computer, im sure there's a software or something out there.You can buy a bluetooth device that can be connected to your USB port of the computer... install the software which comes with the device.... now ur computer is ready to use bluetoothi think either you have it or notjust plug this in ur usb and your computer will be bluetooth ready.... . http://www.newegg.com/ProductSort/SubCategory.asp?SubCategory=295&CMP=KNC-GoogleAdwords&ATT=BluetoothYou can buy a laptop that has built-in bluetooth . . OR.  you can grab a Bluetooth HUB that attaches to your computer via USB
When you're listening to a CD, the player must physically spin a disc in order to obtain the required data to produce music.  When listening to radio, the player simply intercepts and decodes specific frequencies of the radio waves in the air all around you.  Since there is no physical movement associated with radio, there will be less battery power consumed.To play the CD takes extra power because a motor is needed to spin the CD around at high speed while playing.  Also, the CD player needs to run a low power laser to illuminate the CD pits while it spins.  Neither the motor nor the laser need to be on for radio use.The cd requires battery for its movements in addition to the other function which r virutally same as while using the fm radio.I don't know...It seems like it should be the other way around :/
Don't put a dvd in it idiot. Makes sense huh?You should stop putting movies in your PlayStation. and just play games on it or, just get a new one.. :-)try seeing if the DVD is clean. if not clean it before you put it in. or you can check troubleshooting on the instruction manual
well you can have digtal stereo stereo means 2 speakers your digtail receivers can decode 5.1 6.1 7.1 thx dts dolby pro dolby pro 2 they are formats that send audio to differnt speakers depending on how they depended on how they sound, george lucas hated how theaters sounded like in the seventies he had specs that he like to reproduce the sound his way and now we have thx  and star wars would never be the same in stereo onlyDigital is the breaking down of sound into binary information (0s and 1s). This is opposed to analog, which is a physical imprint of sound, like a record groove.. . Stereo is a type of sound-reproduction that produces two sound channels (usually left and right). Stereo is short for stereophonic. There is also monophonic, which is one sound channel, and quadrophonic, which is four sound channels.Mono means one channel (or one speaker). Stereo means two channels (or two speakers with different sound coming from each). . Digital has nothing to do with stereo... Digital means that the information is stored in digital form, as opposed to analogue... An old black LP record is analogue, a CD is digital... Digital sound can be Mono (one channel), Stereo (two channels) or multichannel (2.1=3 channels, 5.1=6 channels, 6.1=7 channels, 7.1=8 channels or more)no difference between the two. stereo sound is made from two or more speakers and digital data is data in electronic form for example a cd is in digital form.Digital is the type of format -i.e. by using 1's and 0's.. . Stereo is the discreet channel seperation of the right and the left.(Dolby, Optical, etc) Digital vs. Analog (Stereo). . Biggest difference is the price... however, I don't think that's what you intended... storage medium for digital has already been picked apart.. . Stereo is as optimal a soundstage as you'll be able to reproduce when listening to music.  Face it music was mixed by a technition in a studio, with a mixing console, and panning fader deciding which side the bass guitar should be on, placement of vocals to the center of the stage, and the location of all the instruments within that stereo stage.. . With the left and right channel played through a turn table, coupled to a preamp, through the EQ, fired to the amplifier, and out to the staged speakers is going give most audiophiles a good run for their money.  Taking into consideration, they likely just dished out $20k + for their gear.  Not to mention the phase aligning power cleaners, balanced cables, and cost to replace tubes... and the days upon days spent reorganizing their space for acoustic perfection.. . Digitial on the flip side, is somewhat of a loaded word.  This has been established above, and can be applied to just about anything to do with electronics.  However, it could be stated that the staging effects of digital in comparison to a good 2 channel stage, directly opposed to using rear fill satellites with a full left, right, center, and the mono sub channel, just creates a mess when you're applying room acoustics to the ambient demands of music reproduction.  Digital in this display gets the crap kicked out of it over stereo for ambient staging reproduction simplicity for an average system. However, for home theatre full room ambience, a good staged multi-channel arrangment runs circles around stereo.. . Stereo in this respect can reproduce music wonderfully and accurately, while still producing a modest mind blowing theatre experience with a powerful enough system.  Whereas, Digital systems tend to rely on the fill effects in relation to their small size to create the same ambience produced by the Stereo speakers.  The problem with this, rear fill just doesn't work well hwen playing music.  Nobody stands backwards at a rock concert, this is also a common problem with car audio, when people overdrive the rear fills, it dissrupts the front channels ability to create a proper stage.  The result is something that sounds unnatural. . . With that said, digital on it's own can't survive with analog, but analog can survive without digital.  Besides, there is no such thing as a true digital amplifier, as even the Class D (commonly mislabelled) is still using a majority of it's circuitry based on analog designs.  Though, Digital Effects Processors are capable of splitting, resampling, and converting an analog source to digital, it still has to pass through a DAC (Digital to Analog Converter) so it can be sent to the analog speakers.. . Mixing the two... Digital reproduction is considered even by hardened audiophiles over analog, as a source, to be capable of cleanly reproducing music in ways analog could only dream of.  Mainly, you don't have the elevated tape hiss, the pops and scratches of vinyl, and the annoyance of 8-track splitting the mix half-way through your favourite song.  But!!! The analog recordings are as true tonally to the original as any medium can get, and unfortunately digital recordings fail in comparison.  They are also considered tonally harsher because the sound signal has to be converted from a square and reinterpolated back to an analog wave.  During this conversion, information is either lost, or open to interpretation.  Hence the problems with bitrates, the heated arguments over OGG, MP4, WMA, etc... . . There's still problems with this, as the benefits that analog sources provide over digital are truthfully wasted on the average person.  Most speaker systems, amplifiers, and crap we call stereo systems today in our make it smaller, make it cheaper society,  ju
take your tongue out of your mouth and lick it!I, personally, would never lick my phone to begin with.Wow...how did your nokia get licked in the first place? Hmmmm?
the iPod should come with a white adaptor that you plug into the USB part on the back of your computer.what adaptor? do you mean the usb cable? . he needs to have a usb port, and after that he needs to download the ipod updater, and after that he needs to download the itunes.. all are available for free in apple.com. . if hes using a mac, i cant answer your question.if you're talking about that little worthless looking plastic piece, it is used for ipod docking stations and other ipod accessories that might not come with the adapter needed to secure the ipod correctly into the docking station and/or accessory. most accessories already come with the plastic insert to dock most ipods.
Put your Nokia on a convenient hard surface and then just place your television on top of it. Seems fairly logical to me, I'm surprised you had to post that question here to get an answer. Problem is, every time your phone rings you'll have to lift the TV off. But, a small price to pay for having TV on your Nokia.have to contact you service provider and they will send the wap settings. its not that good to be honest.
no. stop robbing phones.Sorry but there are no "free" unlock code programs for Motorola. Motorola unlock (subsidy) codes are randomly generated from the phones IMEI number making your request imposible. They only choices you have are to pay the carrier for the code or bring it to a local shop and have it unlocked for about £10.00
This is best adressed by the service provider- in this case O2.. They have detailed procedures for every phone model and make, and if they do not, then ask them to add your make to the list and if the instructions for its closest models dont work then they can look into this with a representative from Samsung.. Its really an essential part of O2's service and would be a shame if they were not able or willing to help resolve it ASAP.Go to i-mail and follow leads...go to samsung's website, they should be able to send u d right settings. i suggest this cos i did same with my sony ericsson (goin' to d website and getting settings sent to my mobile). i wouldn't suggest going to o2 wb cos it's better to get from the makers, not retailers feel me....peace.
From your iTunes library. Which you opened up because it came free with your iPod purchase. And if you follow the step-by-step directions contained in the instruction booklet.ipod nano like any other ipod has a usb cord given along with it in the paskage...........insert one end to ur usb and the other end into ur personal computer.....copy the songs u wanna hear into the folders given(u can create folders of ur own choics also)...then play them when u want
off lime wire or btAlso you can transfer files from your computer with a USB cable, the only cost you have is the USB cable and if you transfer enough files, it pays for itself very quickly. Call Verizon and see what one will cost you.u dont they say u can but then later u start charging
i just got my v3t a few days ago. i've had no problems & came with a memory card. i like the mp3 player, it works like any other.well yeah   not same as ur MP3 player  u never play song on ur mobile ??? its very easy  when u had it  u know it automatically  n by da way V31 is a good phone buy itI am not sure about the mp3 player part.  I haven't used mine yet. I do have the phone though and a big problem I have with it is that the volume just isn't loud enough when someone is talking.
need 2 refine ur ?.like what r u connecting it 2,or do u have equipment already and if u do what kind.a cable and some sort of amplifier/speaker to hear you from. and a voice.
i do not know but do you know the move halo is cumming out soonTake it to a Verizon store that has Tech on site... they can do that for you :) You can also try reading your owner's manual or calling tech support; however, if you want to make certain all your stuff is deleted, I would recommend taking it to a store with a technician.
my PS3 picked it up as being 720p.. the picture will get squished together.. thus eliminating the bars from the top and bottem1280x1024 is not a hd widescreen resolution, you should be able to play games at any resolution and your tv will scale it to it's native resolution which seems to be 1024. You will have to pick 1080 or 720 to see which signal your tv handles best. . All HD is natively widescreen, so you will most like ly have bars on the top & bottom of your screen.
If you just hold down the zoom button, it will probably pause for a second at the end of the optical zoom range and then proceed silently into digital zoom.  DON'T USE DIGITAL ZOOM THOUGH, because it really degrades the image quality.  You can do a much better job of "zooming" in by cropping the image on your computer or at the photo kiosk.Most cameras have both, and you probably have an option for using digital zoom or not - I would suggest not using digital zoom since it only makes the pixels bigger without actually magnifying the picture itself (which you can actually do with software anyway) - optical zooms, on the other hand, actually magnify the image without changing pixels...There's a button for zooming either way.  Push it towards plus and it zooms in.  The other way to zoom back out.  It eats up a lot of battery power, though, so use it only when you need to, and don't bother with digital zoom, as it's just in-camera cropping anyway.
Did you try to activate on the headset its linking connection mode.... Platronics 510s you hold down the power till it flashes... then use your phone to connect to it. Check the instructions for your headset.... once they linked.... you have to enter the code.... which should be listed in your instructions.. . This mode usually remains on for a few seconds to allow you to use the find me option on your phone to find and establish a link.bluetooth is locked/sync between 2 devices.  Your headset is currently set to see only your old phone.  You will need to disconnect those 2 devices and re-connect to your Razrcall customer support...i think its better for them to help you.go to tools>communicationI had that problem when hubby decided he didn't want his Bluetooth...what was wrong was that it was still programmed to HIS phone.  So if you used your Bluetooth with your old phone, make sure to disconnect it and deprogram it from your old phone.  Once he did that, it connected to mine with no problems.  Hope that helps!
maybe yuor phone doesnt support that check out or you can not use it check your bookI make my own on my laptop using Windows Movie Maker and transfer them to my cell phone via IR.  I then set it as the ringtone, or edit a contact to use it for only that person.
try *69, but it doesn't always work.Yes okay chicken, *69 IS HOW IT GOT RESTRICTED, but anyway theres problably a reason it was restricted and that would be because who ever called you didnt want to know who they were. You might be able to take it to a dealer and find out I haven't cared enough to do it. Is it that big of a deal anyway?You Can't normally. If you Keep strict records of when the caller calls you, and if they are being offensive or running up your bill considerably, you can file a formal complaint with Verizon to submit to law enforcement for a warrant. Talk to your Verizon customer care rep. They are the best ones to help resolve your problem and get the ball rolling on your mystery caller.
The Sims 2 should be nowhere near $90.  Most retail outlets charge $45-50 for the base game.  The deal with the 2 expansion packs is pretty good.  The expansion and stuff packs are around $25-35.Dont no... but I had the same thing happen to me! I got the bonus pack and theres nothing wrong will it!
check the volume/mute    remove realplayer and re-installYou may have to re-download this from real themselves. Get the free version if you can. If this doesn't work then you may have soundcard problems (unless you have sound with other applications).
The predecessor to the touch tone (DTMF) dial was the rotary dial. The rotary dial is a wheel with holes next to each number and operates on electrical pulses to signal the central office instead of tones like the DTMF dial does. The digit 1 is one pulse and the digit 9 is nine pulses. The digit 0 is ten pulses. Since the rotary dial uses a spring to recoil the dial, the digits had to be sequential and the digit 1 had to be first with the digit 0 being last (least number of pulses to most number of pulses). When the DTMF or touch tone dial was introduced in the 1960's, they maintained the same sequence so as to not confuse people and have numerous wrong numbers dialled. . . The Touch Tone system also introduced a standardized keypad layout. After testing 18 different layouts, they eventually chose the one familiar to us today, with 1 in the upper-left and 0 at the bottom. The adding-machine layout, with 1 in the lower-left was also tried, but at that time few people used adding machines, and having the 1 at the "start" (in European language reading order) led to fewer typing errors. In retrospect, many people consider that this was a mistake. With the widespread introduction of computers and bank machines, the phone keyboard has become "oddball", causing mistakes.. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dtmf...Phones were set up the way they are, because on the old rotaries, the numbers started at the left top.  They tried to stay with that system.. With calculators, which were set up before the phones, the idea was to have to have the farthest reach for the high numbers.  That way if you mistouched something at the starting point, you were in the smallest numbers
You have to get an RF Modulator. I had to do that same thing. I bought one at Radio Shack.do you have those old t.v.'s? well i had the same problem. at radioshack or whatever its called now, you need to get an adapter. i don't remember what the item is called but the staff should know. it is simple to plug in and use, just turn the dial to 3 or whatever your auxillary channel is. hope you find it.get a anolog imput or converter at a store like best buy.You have to go to the store and get an adapter to hook them together, just ask the electronics dept.You need an RF modulator from a store like Radioshack.The easiest way to do it is to utilize an RF Modulator.  They are available from $10 - $30 depending on how many items you think you may need it for.  The purpose of the device is to convert Audio/Video outputs (yellow, white, and red cables) to a coaxial connection on older televisions.  Basically all you do is connect the cables from your DVD player into this device and then run a coax cable from it into your television, then put your TV on CH 3 to watch a DVD movie.  . . Some people get confused by these because they already have a cable going to the coaxial jack on the back of the TV.  Not to worry.  The RF modulator will have an input for that connection as well.  So you will connect your DVD player with the Audio/Video Cables, then connect your Cable Box (or VCR or Satellite or whatever else was connected to that jack originally) to the coaxial input on the RF modulator.  Then you will have one cable going from the RF modulator to the TV.  When you want to watch a DVD turn the TV on to channel 3, and hit play.  When not watching a movie you just turn off the DVD player.. . I hope this helped.
you can find it here . just need a data cable to unlockgo on your  network provider on the Internet and check if they give out free puk codes
SEGA quit the console market and concentrates on software now.  It is still possible to purchase Dreamcast consoles and software for them on places like ebay.Sega decided that they couldn't compete with Nintendo and Sony in hardware, so they dropped the Dreamcast (and all other hardware) to focus on games and other software.  That's why you can now play Sonic the Hedgehog on the GameCube, for example.. . Bummer, too.  I really loved playing Crazy Taxi on my Dreamcast.it suckedDied along with the Genesis..
Make sure the speakers are not at fault by testing on another device , then connect to your computers sound card, make sure the driver for the sound card has the latest driver installed.make sure you pluged it in the right place and make sure the speakers are working. or you can go to volume settings (the speaker sign)and put everything on the middle exept the volume high then try again :) good luck
unless its your bands songs you shouldntTh only way you can do this is to set up a music profile (in which case you need to begin a new profile) and upload the music.  It only holds 4 songs at a time.  However, though anyone can set up a music profile, they do say that because of copyright laws, you are not supposed to upload any music that is not actually your own music (as in music you made).  Seems that most music profiles on myspace are fan pages, but they do apparently weed through them as many that go up also wind up being deleted.this website has alot of good generators like a music code generator. www.freecodesource.com
If your tv has inputs (either s-video or red/white/yellow plugs), then you'll run the output from the DVD player into those inputs.  Otherwise, you're out of luck.You wan to connect the Video Out (typically a yellow jack) from the DVD player to the Video input on either the TV or the video input on the VHS player
If you need to be shady, ask the person for their telephone bill (front page only).  This will have the 3 digit code that you need.. . Sign up for an online account.. . Check their past phone bills.how about online!!!!! just sign up with the provider...and all the bills are on there online...as easy at 1-2- 3 !!You must have a written authorization from the person who owns the phone otherwise the phone company will not give it to you. UNLESS.....your name is added by the owner of the phone to the information pertaining the phone. For instance...because the phone was only in my name, my husband was only allowed to pay the bill, and when we were over charged one time he wasn't able to retain any information on our phone until I added his name to the information stating it was okay for the phone company to give my husband information.with their permisson....
Yes, cables. And through the 'phone network as well, altho' over what were called "private wires" from point to point, and not through the switched part of the exchanges. Sometimes we got cases of signal induction onto customer's lines and had to do a circuit change to cure the problem.usually by cables!hi ok well this is a good question but about 30 years too late. transmissions are sent from the studio via anologue radio transmission then to main transsmitter then to relay if nessary transmitter. butttttttt this will cease in 2008/ 200010. and will be satellite transmission only, same principle studio to transmitter then to your telly.this will give better pics ,but if some fate comes along like a meteor and knocks out the sattellits were all knackered keith
Double click on the Recycle Bin icon.  The deleted files should show up here - and select the files that you want to undelete.They cannot be recovered once deleted but you can load open the original Studio file for editing and they will be recreated.. . But why do you need them?. . WK
I had this same problem with my Nokia phone. I had to call customer service to get the PUK code to unlock the phone.Im not on orange but with my provider when I log in online to my account it has my puk code on there if i ever need it-you could try checking on yours?Call customer service or go to a Corp. store the rep will give you the PUK code. Make sure you call if you get locked out then nothing you can do.phone orange for it.
Use petrol it burns faster..Once you inset the cd a little thing should come up asking you what you want to do. Click on burn a music cd with Windows Media Player. Then, drag the songs to windows media play and click burn and that's it.
"New and Improved" just means "more money please!"It could be a new marque, incorporating improvements to the previous (old) marque. I have always thought that the 'improved'  referred to a higher (improved) profit margin on the new, shoddier product.most advertising doesn't bare close scrutinyYou are thinking of 'NEW' the adjective, and all it's contexts.. . . 'NEW' the adverb is 'very recently', like newly wed.. Very recently improved, or new and improved is okay.It's just a nice catchy slogan. Don't waste too much time on it.Hopefully they changed or added something- sometimes it is the box!!! or color of it!! LOL- and maybe the price goes up or they put more of the active ingredient in it- DNo it doesn't make any sense. It's generally to disguise that fact that the company has changed it's packaging at massive expense and had to put the price of the product up (see Marks & Spencers). Occasionally there is a small ingredient change which makes the product taste worse and things are never the same. It makes me mad.it's the 'new' version that has been 'improved', is I think the way they say it, I see your point, I think it's just a phrase that means the same thing to many people and stands out on a box.even the slightest change to any product makes it a seperatley new item, and if it now works better than predicessor then it's improved !Neither does "free gift". But whatever..I agree that the terminology is wrong.  Don't you also wonder how good the "old" version was that was being talked up not so long ago?Good point you made - New and Improved - it can only be one or the other and not both.. . I was informed that I'd won something, but found out that i had to take up "the offer of choosing at least 2 out of 12 'subscriptions' in order to qualify" for this Free Gift.  . . To me, 'A Gift' is just that, 'a gift,' One gives 'gifts' that are without strings attached. So, a Free Gift implies the same thing, but with a little bit of the icing on it. BUT, if your gift comes with strings attached, then it is not a Gift and it certainly ain't bloody FREE. . . It's as much a matter of 'watching what you read here, and then seeing how many ways you can interpret it.'. . As a side note, I once saw a cartoon of a man with a box of 'Man Sized Tissues' at his feet. He'd pulled out one of these 'sheets and was stood there on tiptoe, arms extended above his and holding up this HUGE by the corners ~ with the other end of the sheet still in the box. Above his head was a large __ ! __ which kind of made the point (that the box was delivering what it claimed, on the box).. . Speaking of which, I just happen to have a very runny nose at the moment, and I've just bought a box of Kleenex which has (on the bottom) the words '50 Years of Mansize Strength' ~ whatever that means! But, it doesn't stop me sneezing 'holes' through them... unless I fold it over..  . The cartoon, by the way, was well drawn and it made the point with humour.. . Sash.
I hope that i understand you correctly you have already transfer the songs. If you are using itunes as your player these songs should appear, go into files and press import.or you can just drag a song or a folder on to itunes then connect your ipod i find that is the quickest way the song will start to download on to your ipod .If transferring from a computer put all songs in one folder, then on I-tunes select File and Add Folder to Library, find the folders and select.  From CD insert CD and Click Import top right of I-tunes.
Text the word STOP to whoever is sending you the horoscopes.  Cingular Customer Service 3 years.call the company that is sending thwm to u and tell them to stop sending u horoscopes
Any CD can be WAshed... WAshed it in Mild WATer.. then DRy it with tissue or good abosber...  now try it to play... dude dont be scared I am exactly doing that!!!Jst make it restart from the main plug and then reset it...Or there could be the problem in the CD.try cleaning the dick very carefully with a very soft cloth and then retry.
i have experienced problems of failed recordings occassionally. the out of sync thing can be mildly irritating but if you hit rewind for a split second it re-aligns itself.  also, always around 11.45 pm it seems to get stuck, go into loading software mode and then i find i have lost some or all of my recordings.  having said that though when it works it's very good.  i watched get carter last night from a couple of weeks ago.  brilliant !!i have sky plus and it works perfectlyI still want to know what's wrong with a half-decent VHS recorder??????????? - and don't let's have all the old madam about it's out of date, PLEEEEASE ! ! ! !i bought my own hard disk recorder and connected it to my skybox,works much better and no extra subscription.Because SKY are not interested in anything except money, money and more money. EVERBODY should cancel their subscription and force them to be a normal company, with reasonable prices, you can only watch one channel at a time yet you have to pay for a whole package that are of no interest. As for HD, its a joke, they wouln't stand for that in the US, or probably anywhere else, just the UK.It is so expensive because of idiots like me who payed for it with no questions asked , but have since cancelled sky as I was watching the same films and programs I was watching years and years ago. I am in the process of installing a euro dish can watch all the programs free as the dish is motorised it can pick up sky for free an x sky installer is doing it for me.
You have to go to one of your houses and walk into the floating disc that is inside of it.Go into any of CJ's houses and look around inside. There will be floppy disk floating in the air, walk into it.
umm call it..yea and umm yea.Try calling the number of the cell phone to see if it's near by. If not, then hopefully a person will have it and they will answer so you can arange to have the phone back!Call the company, and see were the last call was made, on my phone, you can send it a text messege, and it will lock itself up, incase of things like this, U should check it out.  Sanyo KatanaIf you lost the cell in the house that use your home phone and call your cell phone and once it rings go to where the sound seems to come from if you can't find it the first time then keep calling untill you do find it. Hope this helpedCall  your cell phone number...most likely they will pick up!use someones cell phone or your home phone and call your number. who knows what will happen next though!
You can easily go to a website (ie. Snapster) and it has a process in which you must follow. Most likely, you are texting to the company and in return, you get the ringtone.yes
There really is almost no difference, if you are talking about a 5th generation ipod.  The only difference there is that some players will be a bit more lenient with the codec they allow you to encode your video/audio in.According to me an mp3 has 1gb space and an mp4 players has 2gb space. Only songs could be heard on mp3 player but i think in an mp4 player a few video songs could fit.
if it nots the cable connection you most likely have a tuner that is begining to fail. you cannot repair this yourself, call a TV tech and have him look at it for youbang it a few times with a hammer whenever it mess up
go to Univercell.com. u can even compare the dif models as per ur choice or if u are confused ..............jus try n le me know. all the bestWhat!   you want to bye        a mobile phone.then say bye     that is fine now you can do your work.umm i got my verizon razr for free off wirefly.com. . umm i just gave my adress, zip code, city state, etc, and within 3 wks i got the fone and then put service in it, simple, good luck, and they hav a verityif it is to buy a mobile... got o ebay.com u cud get one
check youre av cables an ur tv. wat kind of tv anyway? maybe u messed with the picture settings.Chances are you have a Standard definition Tv and are using the Cables for a High Definition tv. when i bought my original X-Box they hooked it up to the tv in store, and it did the same exact thing. There was little to no sound, and the picture was in black and white. I hope this helps you out.
You could try isoHunt.com and use a program like Azureus (azureus.sourceforge.net). Note that if you want to register on the official EA website and use their downloads you will need an original paid for serial number.. . I think Pizza Hutt had a special deal at one time where you could get Sims 2 for free with one of their deals. Keep an eye out for a repeat of that. :-)WE DOWNLOADED IT OFF KAZAA!. . it took days though....
Optical zoom is "real" zoom and digital zoom sucks.  Just totally ignore digital zoom and choose based on optical zoom.Digital zoom is done artificially by the CPU - it is interpolated data from the existing picture (in most cases you are better off not using any digital zoom at all and doing the "digital zooming" on the computer - it will often be of a higher quality that what s small digi-cam can do.. . optical zoom is done by optics and it is the real thing.. . enjoyoptical zoom is the true zoom from the lens. More that 3x you will need a image stabilizer system (like 12x) in order to avoid the blurr.. . Digital zoom is  ... a scam.Digital zoom is done artificially by the CPU - it is  data from the existing picture (in most cases you are better off not using any digital zoom at all and doing the "digital zooming" on the computer - it will often be of a higher quality that what s small digi-cam can do. Optical Zoom is done with the lens. Very high quality doing it with the lens. Four to eight times is about normal with the lens. ( 35 to 200 MM )The way optical and digital zooms work are quite different from each other.. . An optical zoom works by using the physical legs to magnify the image coming into the camera. This is how film cameras, telescopes and microscopes work.. . A digital zoom works by taking the center of the image (cropping) and enlarging it to look as if you have actually zoomed in. Digital zoom does not provide any more detail as only a fraction of the CCD inside the camera is now been used to record the photo, the rest of the image is been thrown away thanks to the digital zoom.. . In reality digital zoom is of no use at all. If you want to 'zoom in'  a little more you are better off taking the photo without any digital zoom and then editing the larger photo using your computer.. . I recommend a three times optical zoom and don't worry what digital zoom a camera has as you should never use it.. . I recommend reading the information on this site, it is a great guild to the facts on digital cameras:. http://www.steves-digicams.com/best_cameras.htmlOptical is the actual "Zooming" of the lens it moves the lens in and out, which the bigger that number the better digital is just just the sensor in the camera "Zooming." You should have about 4x Optical and about 8x Digital.OPTICAL zoom works using LIGHT.. All lenses, in both FILM and DIGITAL, mark out the boundaries of the subject area and hence the area from where light will be received. (50 mm is generally taken as "what the eye sees"; zoom lenses reduces the subject area that is "visible" but as it fills the same size of "screen", the subject looks BIGGER).. >>>> After the light is "inside" the digital camera then it gets pixellated on the digital light sensor.  At this point, the light sensor technology is 100% representative of the light that has been received.. >>>> DIGITAL ZOOM is the feature that "tries" to make a part of the captured image bigger.  It can only do this by making the pixells bigger.  The bigger the pixells, the fuzzier the image becomes.  Mind you, there are some clever algorithms that try and "fill in" new pixells, but these new pixells are not "original" pixells and are generated based on the "neighboring pixells".  So short answer, digital zooming is not really beneficial with the prosumer cameras and software, but maybe works for satellite technology (best to confirm that with NASA!).  . >>>> OPTICAL ZOOM preferred size?  As big as you can afford and pick the good lens companies like Canon, Tamron, Sigma, Nikon etc.. >>>> DIGITAL ZOOM preferred number? Maybe in PHOTOSHOP (or similar digital image processing software) you might get away with a factor of 2 or 3, again though it depends on the pixell density of your original image and the output medium.. John Mc
Only the Motorola V3i (3G version of the V3) ships with iTunes AFAIK. The V3 does have support for playing MP3 files, though from what I recall it has limited storage capacity.. . For more info:. . http://www.apple.com/itunes/mobile/The Motorola V3 does not support ITunes.  The Motorola V3i does.  The Motorola V3r doesn't have ITunes but it does have Mp3 so you can download any sites tunes (or sideload from your computer).  You will need a microSD card.  Usually the V3i comes with one but the V3r doesn't.. . SO:  V3 no, V3i yes, v3r no to I-tunes, yes to mp3The Moto V3 has no iTunes, if you want a phone with iTunes, I request Motorola RokrI just bought one and they're great. They don't have itunes but the software that comes with them can create ringtones from mp3 songs stored on the phone. Much better than ringtones.
A real Rolex will have hands that roll, while a fake one will have hands that tick.Genuine Rolex,s come with certificates and leather boxes .Also check that the serial numbers match ,you will find them on back of the watch and on the bracelet ,you can also check if they have been stolen .Rolex dealers will  do this for you..the real ones are very heavy, about 200 grams, you can just feeel the differenceGenuine Rolex watches have very smooth movements of the seconds hand. If you observe closely on the ticking of the seconds hand, it should be very smooth, almost like analog watches.. . Whereas for fake Rolex watches  or any fake watches, the ticking of the second hand is not that smooth, its almost like its taking steps. Do note that nowadays, fake watches have improved to the point that this observation is no longer valid (the wonders of piracy).. . You have to put both genuine and fake side by side to really see the difference, just remembre to tagged the geniune watch first!..
And iPod is made by apple and mp3s are made by various companys.  iPods have a clickwheel which is trademarked by them.An ipod is one brand of mp3 player. It's the most popular brand so a lot of people tend to refer to all mp3 players as "ipods". . . Kind of like how not all tissues are Kleenex brand but some ppl call all tissues "Klennex".The name and the price. An iPod is a mp3 player.ipod is just the brand name for the mp3 player Apple has created.They are one and the same. An iPod IS an mp3 player.the name brand and i pod needs music to be converted to ipod versionIpods can play music purchased from Itunes while rival mp3 players. can't.. . . Songs from Itunes are only 99 cents and it's safer to download vs. getting it off limewire or some other network illegally and the audio. quality is better.The Ipod is just a particularly nice mp3 player.  If you already have mp3 music, you will have to convert it to Apple's version of Mp3 to use it with the ipod.
Acid.differend knds of acides. and in a 9v, they have three small bateries smaller than AAA, more like AAAA.A battery is a chemical cell that has two parts (a cathode and an anode).  Ions of the two materials flow and transmit electrons to the different parts.. . The flow of the electrons is what produces the electricity used in the battery.
They're not really, you just have to look hard, there is going to be a demand for them coming up to Christmas because girls are going to be asking for them from Santa but you should be able to get one now before they all sell out! Try the Internet, maybe eBay or pixmania?? Hope that helps =)This is a question that I ask myself everyday.  Why are the new found "color" mp3, personal CD, etc. the most sought after players on the market?  I suspect it is due to some very cleaver sales person who first influenced some very rich teenager into the idea.  Which now makes all of our children want matching colored electronics for Christmas...But if you search very hard, you will see other excellent products for 1/2 the amount of those so called "pink, orange & green neon" colors on the market today.. That are priced outragously due to the flashy color.  Just my personal opinion.No they are not, if you live in SA you can find one at GAME got one a few days ago about R549
Yeah what the first guy said. Cellphone I guess is the original name, and mobile means convenient, as in carry with you like mobile homes, mobile scooter, etc...I think "cell phone" is a regional term, used in the USA.  "Mobile phone" is what people use in Europe.  They are the same thing.  There are lots of fun region-specific terms.  Like, all soft drinks in and around Atlanta, GA are known as "coke", and I have heard people order "orange coke" in restaurants.  Why?  Because Coke headquarters is located in Atlanta, GA.Mobile phone are connect to a cellular network of base stations (cell sites) so its called Cell phone.. . Wireless telephone that permits telecommunication within a defined area that may include hundreds of square miles, using radio waves in the 800–900 megahertz (MHz) band.. . "To implement a cell-phone system, a geographic area is broken into smaller areas, or cells(thats why cellular/cell phone), usually mapped as uniform hexagrams but in fact overlapping and irregularly shaped. ". . Each cell is equipped with a low-powered radio transmitter and receiver that permit propagation of signals among cell-phone users.Mobile phones are using antenna's which covering area are called cells. Move from cell to cell to pick up signal.Area where network service to be provide is divided into small areas which is called as a cell. Each cell contain one tower which provides signals. When user move from one cell to another he automatically shifted to his nearest tower and his mobile remain active continuously until cell exist.Mobile communication works between the handset and the BTS (Base transreceiver station) which you commonly called tower. Now the towers a re-arranged in such a way that the communication range of a tower intersects with another leaving no space in between and the fields take the structure of a honey bee "cells". and a tower stands at the center of each cell. Try searching for cellular network and get your diagrams from google image search. :-)The cell phone has derived its name from "Cellular Telephone.". . More information can be accessed from wikipedia:. . A mobile or cellular telephone is a long-range, portable electronic device for personal telecommunications over long distances.. . Most current mobile phones connect to a cellular network of base stations (cell sites), which is in turn interconnected to the public switched telephone network (PSTN) (the exception are satellite phones).
Try using Google and type . freeware ringtones nokia 1600. . You should get at least one or two.using internet on cell say airtel live.
You can make them have sex in the heart shaped bed and they will randomly conceive.  Or, like in the old sims games, have them kiss and make out a lot.  A window will pop up saying, "Should we have a baby?"I play Sims on pc but the method should be same make love between the couples if it works a pop window will come asking if we should have kids.This is the easy part after the baby is born it will need 24hrs care until 3 sim days until it becomes a kid if no proper care is taken ur baby will be taken away.                                                       or. Sometimes u will get a call asking if u want to adopt a child u can accept the offerno
um..you dowlaos the songs and then burn the CD. i think u needa special program installed to burn CD'sNo Probs.... D/L The Songs That You Want From The Internet In MP3 Format Or In WAV Format.... Then Insert A Blank Cd In Your CD Burner Use A Burning Software Like Nero Ahead Or Nero Lite. Follow The Step - By - Step Guide and your music cd shall be ready.
You need iTunes. First download it then you can add songs to your library then you hook your iPod to the USB cord and TADA!With iTunes.
if they send another message to you, there is an option there to unsubscribe which will lead you to their site or maybe will ask you to send an email to them..At the bottom of the e-mail there is a bunch of small writing. In there you will see unsubscribe, it should be underlined. click on it, then it do as it tells you.Call the service provider and send them a DND Request (Do not Disturb). This will remove you from their SMS / Mailing list. . But you cannot do anything if still some third party web site keeps on sending these messages to you. Did you by any chance ever subscribe to such sites? Then I do not think there is any option.
bluetooth is the technique to transfer the data to one device to another. this technique is popularly used in mobile phones. in this technique u dont require any type of connector. it is done with the rays.Bluetooth is a connection technology that allows small devices to communicate with each other without use of cables, wirelessly. Such as from your cell phone to your headset. It can also be used to link your phone to your PC (if your PC has bluetooth built in or you have a bluetooth dongle) or your headset to your PC.... or between two bluetooth devices.... two phones, PDAs or phone and PDA when you need to transfer files and other information such as SMS or eCards. There is no limit to its use.... if you have a need for it's service. You can even transfer music from one phone to another.It's either something that happens from not brushing often enough or a device that has something to do with a cell phone that makes people look absolutey ridiculous.. . OK, so it's what those guys down there said. Go figure.Bluetooth is an industrial specification for wireless personal area networks (PANs). Bluetooth provides a way to connect and exchange information between devices such as mobile phones, laptops, PCs, printers, digital cameras and video game consoles via a secure, globally unlicensed short-range radio frequency.
You can buy them at photo labs and retailers.  Or you can order them online.  Be aware, red eye pens only work on prints made with  on machines using  chemistry  (silver halide)  The pens will not work on inkjet or dye-sublimation prints.Wal Mart and Target has themI bought one in the photo section of Wal-Mart.. . The only thing I didn't like about it, is after some months the ink bled and made the people look like the whites of their eyes were green.Yes you can purchase them at Wall Mart!!!Amazon has them. . http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/search-handle-url/index=photo%26field-keywords=red%20eye%20pen%26store-name%3Dphoto%26results-process=default%26dispatch=search/ref=pd_sl_ov_tops-1_photo_23196503_1&results-process=default?tag2=over-adv-20If you're talking about manipulating digital photographs, you certainly don't need pens.  You can repair red-eye using any decent digital photography software.I've seen them at walgreens photo labs.
Enables any iPod model to connect to the iPod Universal Dock and other products that use the Universal Dock system.. . Allows you to quickly and easily insert a different-sized iPod with the adapters.its a chemical agent known to cause tourettes syndrome and femanism in males, it is used in unison with an ipod to achieve some pretty instense results.
1. Dead Frickin Rising. 2. Gears of War. 3. Halo 2 runs fine on the 360, and the public beta of Halo 3 multiuser is coming. 4. Oblivion on PS3 got postponed, did not make it to the PS3 launch list. 5. I can connect my iPod to my 360 and listen to my music while playing (I honestly don't know if this can be done in a PS3). 6. I can pull music, pictures and video off my iMac G5 into the 360 media area, all it took was a $20 shareware app.. 7. XBL is idiot proof. It just works.. 8. I did not have to camp out to get my 360. I drove to the store, picked the 360, the games I wanted and calmly pushed my cart to the register. Time spent at the store? Less than 15 minutes.. 9. My wife is a degenerate flash game addict. Most of those games are on XBL Arcade, and dirt cheap. That means she gets to play Xbox instead of bitching about ME playing.. 10. XBL always lets me know when my friends are connected so it is easy to holler and get a game together.There are not 10 reasons as the ps3 is better.Halo 3. Price. (That's all there is to it)the only thing i could give you for reasons is the price.  But I do think that the ps3 is better quality.  i dont have either but just from hearing and seeing.
I know what you mean! Just like WHERE does the sound go? How is it stored on a flat CD???? Crazy!they burn itIts a very easy process. Loads of info on the net about it.. . Try looking in the site belowthe process is called burning. People  take music from thier computer, and most computers already come with a drive to transfer music from the computer to a blank Cd, and the computer puts the selected music onto a disk!have a cd writer in your computer.. . burn it using cd burning softwares(eg. nero)1.first you have to have a cd burner.-- a lot of newer computers come with them already installed. if your computer doesnt have one you can buy a cd burner at pretty much any computer store such as comp usa.. . 2. then you have to have music. i get my music from limewire, which is free. you can downlad it here http://www.limewire.com/english/content/home.shtml (its free as long as you get the basic version-- which works well enough) you can also get music off of itunes. itunes is free but you have to pay to get the songs you want. . . 3.download itunes at http://www.apple.com/itunes/. once you have itunes go to file--add file to library- then find where your songs are saved and add them to your library. make a playlist of your songs you want on your cd. then go to file-- burn playlist to cd. and it will burn your cd. its not as hard as it sounds....I assume you want to burn your own CDs or make copies.. 1st, your computer needs a CD burner. Then it needs software such as Media Player or Real Player (These are just 2 examples.) in order to "rip" the music & then burn it onto a blank disc.. BTW, this is legal, as long as it's for private use only.they burn it off their computerwolfboyrulze  It's your news?. http://www.osoq.com/funstuff/extra/extra04.asp?strName=wolfboyrulzewell, i burn it. but for that u need a burner. my computer came with a burner. u kan check if u have a burner by going to iTunes or windows media player and it'll say burn diak but u have to put in a CD-RW or a CD-R. a blank oneSorceryYou have to have a burner drive in your computer's tower.  It will say Cd-Rw on it.  Then you can use windows media player to burn your cd's. (burn button on the bottom right corner of the window.There are programs you use on your computer that extract it, copy it, whatever, then take what your copies of the songs and burn them to a CD.they rip it from a cd, or download it... then they burn itYou have to have a CD burner on your computer.
it's probably a suckie one j/k or maybe i think u may need a new one but u shud call the company or sumthing to report the troubles that u'v been havingMaybe it's overheating. Is anything blocking the fan? I hope it's not on the floor because that's the number one way to clog it with dust, lint, and hair.
depending on what they used to engrave it, you may be able to get someone to sand it out. thats an extreme scenario because you might make things worse but thats all i can think of. good luck.you can do ethier or because if you send it back it might be more money or you can !! wHY DID THEY MAKE A MISTAKE!!!At walmart you can purchase ipod scratch remover, it costs about 8 bucks a bottle,   when you get it apply alot to the engraved thing, it will slowly eat out the engraved name, but be sure to wash it when youre done (wouldnt want a whole through your ipod would ya?)    Hope this helps!you can't remove an engraving without either ruining your iPod or having to spend a lot of money. if you don't like the engraving, maybe it's time to buy a new one.if it is laser engraving you can not remove it. Sorry.You can get a dremmel (hand roto power tool) and with an engraving bit you can basically scratch it off but do it within a rectangle and it wont look bad.
plug in the cord that comes with it and it transfers music onto the psp. just look in the manual.First you need to purchase and install a program that can convert the files properly so that they can be played on the PSP. If you don't convert them they won't work. The program I use is called Max Media Manager and you can buy that in any game/electronic store. Or you can also download a program off the internet called PSP Video 9, that also converts files to be played on your PSP. Once you have one of these programs use your USB cable to connect the PSP to the computer and then open the program and add the files and songs from Windows Media Player. They will automatically load into your PSP already converted and ready to play.First plug in your PSP with a USB cable. Then turn on your PSP, go to settings, and there it should say "USB CONNECTION". Click on that and your PSP should connect to your computer. Then, on your computer, go to Windows Explorer. Go to all the drives (C - Local Disk, D - CD Drive, etc.), and it should say "PSP" on one of the drives. Open up that drive, then there should be a folder called "PSP". Open up that folder and there should be a folder called "MUSIC". Put all of your music into that folder (drag and drop). Make sure all of your music files are either MP3, WMA, or WAV.. . Good Luck!
It will notif you've been with them for more than 6 months (with that particular phone), they will unlock the phone for you by just calling customer service.  if it's less than 6 months, they wont.If you want to unlock your phone (and don't know the authorization code) then you should probably call cingular and ask them how to do this. If you are wanting to use another SIM however, all you have to do is turn off the phone and remove the SIM card from the phone and put the other one in and it should work without a problem. I am not sure if all phones are like this in the US as I was living abroad for the last several years. But my husband and I used to switch out our SIMs all the time and never had any problem.
Why would you do that...?If the .dat file is a system file you can cause problems by remaining it. If it's an mp3 renamed file (i.e. drag and drop it in Winamp / Media Player and see if it works) do the following. Open explorer (not Internet Explorer) and go to Tools-->Folder Options-->View and uncheck "Hide Extensions for known file types" then go to the folder where the .dat file is and rename it to mp3.dat is the movie formatfirst of all you have to change the format to mpeg with a converter(AVS Video convertor) than you  can use Virtual Dj and record the movie sound in mp3 format.
Use This Instaed. . http://tinyurl.com/flgcfYou need to have whatever game it is that is compatible with the other one and then you need to have a USB cable.You need to have the game on the PSP and the PS2 for interactivity.. . You can use the PSP as a media drive (not UMD THOUGH) by linking the USB ports through an Action Replay pack.   If you have this running on a hacked PSP you MAY be able to stream UMD ISO from Memory Stick through the PS2 to TV. Other than that they really have nothing to do with each other.
Ask a merchant of projector screens.  . They will give you the best advice.. . H a p p y. H o m e. T h e a t e r i n g !In general the conventional guidance is to use a white screen for a high contrast projector and a grey "high contrast" screen for "contrast challenged" projectors.. . But let's look at the situation a little closer. The NEC HT410 is an inexpensive projector with OK, but not earthshaking specs (See link).  The key one is contrast ratio (1200:1). This is marginal for good picture quality (2000:1 or better is considered adequate and 5000:1 or better is preferable) and therefore anything that a screen can do to help would be desirable. The logical screen choice is therefore a light grey screen rather than white.. . However, you might consider that a reasonable quality screen will cost at least $3-400, so given the inexpensive projector unless you require portability it might be preferable to consider a DIY screen.. . The AVS Forum on DIY screens (see link) provides all sorts of advice, but in brief I did a screen on a blank wall in my home theatre using 3 coats of a light grey paint mix (based on Behr paint from Home Depot) for a total cost of about $40. And when I compared it to commercial screen material for $1000 screens I basically couldn't tell the difference .... and I have a $5000 projector. . . If you really want a screen the article at the third link may provide information to help you decide.. . Hope that helps.I would recommend one of these, they will give you a great crisp bright picture and are a very good price.. . http://www.mogiz.com/Pages/Browse.aspx?CategoryID=65To tell you the truth, I would not worry about the screen you buy.  Just get one that is as large as you want your picture to be.  The bulk of picture quality will be determined by the resolution of the DVD and projector.  As a matter of fact, if you have a blank white wall in your home you can project on to that.  . . If your are really concerned about your projecting surface, a smoother surface will generally look better than a textured one.  i.e. a bed sheet vs a white screen.. . Hope this helps- have fun!
You're cutei guess your guess is as good as my guess
Ipod nano does not have vedios but if you sell ur nano on ebay for 250 about you could get a vedio for about 250 on ebayyou can't play vids on the Nano!you can't put videos to your ipod nano. Thats the bad side of the ipod nano.
wtf is that stuff?choose what is going to be useful for you.. are you going to use the notebook more? or the palm?of course you can do alot more with a notebook so that would be your best bet but a palm is smaller and does alot as well.  if you really want a palm that can come pretty close to a notebook go with a treo.  they run about 400 but if you get a new service plan with a cell company you can get it for about 300 bucks.. the thing about the treo is it will do all that the tx does but it will also surf the net useing the cell carrier it will take and make phone calls and you can send and recieve text.  . i would go with a treo 700p or 700w depending on if you want palm os or windows os.  they are both palm products.  if you dont like the idea of haveing a cell phone pda (smartphone) then go with the notebook
Try spraying it with a no-stick oil.  If the dish is oilly snow should not stick as well.. . Just a guess."a pain in the reception" good one.. Put a light bulb just under the dish, the heat will warm it. . We used to use a light bulb to keep the well pipes from freezing in the pump house.Other than using cooking spary or rubbing it down with Crisco, there's no way. You're just gonna have to brush it off, sorry.
I agree that commercials are annoying loud.  MSNBC is the worse followed by ABC Family.  I always mute them out and vow never to buy a product advertised where the sound is cranked up.. . I'm glad you asked this question as I would like to see some answers too.  Thank you.i have a mag with sap and it works very well except on certain channels mostly on fox networks and speed channel. they must have figured out a way to circumvent this system. of course i must say mine is a couple of years old so magnavox may have. upgraded to defeat their (the networks afore mentioned) sly tactics.We have one and it works pretty good. One problem. I have a digital receiver that doesnt have RF out (cable out). So I have to run the signal through my stereo, and that doesnt have SmartSound™.
You are havin iPod nano than it is not possible to play video on that.Videos only can be played on iPod 30 GB or 60 GBYou can't play videos on an iPod Nano. Only the iPod video can play video. Unless you have a Chinese iPod nano. Then there I can't help you.
do u chew on the left earphone? or swing it around?probably well someone told me about somekind of mictophone in earphones and it might be in the left one.....maybe its more fragile.....sorry for not being more accurate....The stereo signal probably isn't balanced with most mp3 players, and so theres more amplitude going to the right headphone.  Just a stab in the dark thoughi find its always the left one that gets yanked out of my ear. ive ended shouting at people on buses because it annoys the crap out of meI've never thought about that before... Just this morning my left eraphone gave up... how weird. Now I come to think about it, it is always the left one. Oh my, it must be a conspiracy...Its a conspiracy. The Cia made the right ear piece a reciever that listens to people doing a pooh. When senators found out they had NSA investigate and banned the operation leaving the pieces uselessits always the right one with me
Thats the same thats happening to me my ps2 wont play dvd's anymore. i dont know why.make sure the format on the DVD is the same as on your PS2 manual. . Rock on :o)insert ur dvd then just press the power button twice..then enjoi watchinG!. . press the reset button twice..maybe in fast phase..before pressing that be sure that the dvd is already inside...
Just say "Mom, I think I know what I want to spend part of my money on". I'm proud of you for wanting to buy it yourself rather than have it given to you.  We are always more protective of the stuff we spend our own money on. We appreciate things more when we have to work for them and earn them.just tell her and maybe she can buy you something not so expensive or ask her 2 buy it 4 u and u save ur money 4 something elsetell her your plans.  basically tell her what you told us...."i saved....i'd like to buy....it's costs about.....i'll do ..... with what i have left. ". . fairly straight-forward. :)Maybe you could ask another relative to get you one for cristmas. or you could buy it for yourself or you could find out what that expensive thing is that she is going to give it just might be better than a dvd player or if not you could wait till after cristmas then buy it.Make sure your grades are in order and if you are not a problem child, Just add it to your Christmas list.........Just tell her you were thinking about buying it and see what her reaction is.
its bad in Indiana toOh, I would love to say cricket is great, but don't waste your money until either they build out more to get coverage indoors or they cover the entire city.. . The Galleria is a HUGE hole in coverage. Until they offer service for the entire city, then I am staying away.. . Good for teenagers only & you cannot travel with the phone without expensive charges or simply no service out of the area.
You really won't know if you have the fullest protection no matter what site you go to you take a risk that someone is looking at your information.  You can take the risk but realize that it's your credit info.  Have fun with your Guitar Hero 2.if you do not feel comfortable then use a nother wll known site like amazon. or what ever. why risk your CC on a unknown site?Follow your gut feeling Don't do it!  Our insticts are usually "on-target," go with that feeling.
no I dear,but you can unlock a car via your mobile phone!. want to know how?Look in the phone book for a local cell phone repair/service shop. Find one and they can unlock your phone for around $20-$40. Hope that helps! :) Pleas choose me for Best Answer!If you go to a car boot sale they usually unlock mobile phones there for around, £5-£20. Good luck
I DONT KNOWif u hv a bluetooth dongle check for connectivity of ur phone and headset with it.And u cannot connect because u cannot enter the same pin frm the headset ,try connecting witout the pin code option.its there.. Hope it helpsu hve 2 buy a samsung bluetooth handsfree . if u dont want 2 buy a new one then go to guffar market n unlock (pincode) ur lg bluetoothUsually the standard password for pairing a Bluetooth set is mentioned in the booklet. I have SonyEricsson and owned several BT headsets... They all had 0000 (four times zero) as a default pairing password.
yeah i ran into that same problem with mine all you have to do is  go to the top where it says file and then click on the new playlist and then you make one with ur musica nd download it to a cd tehn download it to ur mp3 it takes a bit of work but its worht it!!!i don`t think you can(^_~)
it is a cell phone that u can do like anything on it is really cool look on like t mobile or some thing to get a glance at ita cell phone that it kind of looks like a mini computera kickflip fone wihich has a keyboard, includes an mp3 player, camera with flash, with internet acess. is a txt msging fone. . cons doesnt havve a real speaker, and it sucks, cant hav unlimited txt with out the sidekick 3 data plan
Is the last guys saying that XBOX's games are not in High Definitionyou can go with a VGA cord to get 1080i viewing .  If you are connected to xbox live you will automatically receive a download for the 1080i. You will not have to try and find it. But just to make sure, go to system tabs then counsel settings..then click display, then HDTV settings. Let me remind you though, if you do not have a true high def TV (1080) you will only be able to view your games in 720..in order to find out what your tv will support you can look it up online or in your owners manuel.you can't, the closest you can do is use the component cables they supply you with that they for some reason call "HD", you can also spend $200 for a HD DVD player that'ss plug into the 360. but that wont do anything for your games. if you wanted 1080 gaming, you should have gotten a PS3
What the heck are you trying to ask here?. . I'll take the points but man-o-man you should think before you type.if i were you i would be more worried if it didn't turn on!!.So why don't you just leave the TV off. You are not thinking straight, if you get headaches, why don't you get it check out.
Usually when you turn all sound off (phone in "silent" mode) the shutter sound is gone as well. Other than that you cannot turn it off.. So, if you want to take pics without any sound, your first have to "silent" your phone (long press on the # key on the far bottom right).. Hope it helpedI'm not going to tell you because you'll use it to take upskirt pics of girls on the underground.it is said that it is required for cell phone manufactures to have the sound on. this is to prevent whoever to take pictures of people.. like the first poster said.. upskirt... so it is..impossible.. unless you actually go thru the trouble of hacking your own phone..some cell phones have a specific option for the shutter sound, however, with with privacy concerns these things raised, it's getting harder and harder to silence camera-phones. for example...my last two camera phones had sound options for the shutter sound..including silent, my sidekick two doesn't, the phone has to be in total silent mode, the shutter sound doesn't even follow volume options, and some newer phones it's locked on regardless of phone options.
Yes, many ppl really don't know (I didn't for a while) . but there's 2 different things . . GamerScore and Microsoft Points. . GamerScore you get when you do achievements in games. . MS Points you have to buy at the stores . i think you get like 1600 for $20 or something like that. . MS Points are the things you need to buy Xbox LIve Arcade Games, Pics, Themes, and other stuff onlineYou can't earn them you need to buy them either at the store or online. Kinda S*** but such is life. Its just another way for Microsoft to sqeeze out every last penny from our pockets.
I use dishwashing liquid with my fingers & rinse it with hot water.You should probaly us tooth paste. Rub it on with your finger or a tooth brush and let it sit for a minute. Then blast it with water until the tooth paste is gone don't touch the tooth paste when your'e getting it off though let the water do the work. Then wipe it down with a towel not toilet paper or paper towels they're made of wood and will actually scratch the disk.real easy question ok this is how to clean a ps2 disc or any disc  . .    1.clean it off with water..     2.put it in the freezer for at least 2 hours and ur done clean ps2 it will work even if it had scratchesI tiny amount of eye glass cleaner...you can get it for cheap at any drugstore. Take a tiny dime sized amount onto a soft cotton cloth, and wipe it gently until it shines and looks clean. Dry it with a cotton cloth and then play!water
Try recharging the batterySend it back to sony and they will giveyou a new one =]Is the battery charged? Don't really give much to go on so that is my first guess.it's a piece of junk
Take The Sim Card If it is compatible to the phone u have and den ur done or if you have a metropcs phone u can go to one of there locations and they help you or u can call n deyll direct u to more instructions on how.if it's cingular or tmobile, just take the sim card out and put it in another phone that uses a sim card.  if it's verizon, you can go to the website and activate the phone by typing in the ESN # from the back of the phoneif ur using t-mobile or cingular than you can just take out the sims card and put it in the new phone tmobile to tmobile, cingular to cingular phone (except if it is an unlocked phone).  if you are using verizon then u can just go on their website and enter the new serial number of the phone.
you cant burn a movie or clips onto a cd. you need to burn it into an empty dvd. if you want music and such then it should be burned into and empty cd. or if you want to transfer a movie from a dvd that you maybe rented for your own, then you should pop in the dvd, open in in windows media, save it into library, and then pop in an empty dvd and burn it in. same for music cds you buy in stores to burn music for your own =D hope that helped. if you have any more questions, feel free to email me at xsueyy@yahoo.comtry to burn them into the computerWhy would you want to copy something from dvd to cd!!??? The only reason I can think of is that you have an older pc with no dvd drive. Why not buy a new pc or laptop (new ones with cd/dvd rewriters can be bought for £300).The best way i can see of doing it is by using a piece of software called magic dvd ripper (its free to download just google it).  This ripps information from dvd, converts it into a different format such as mpeg4 so it can be viewed on a psp or ipod video, or avi so it can be viewed by windows media player, and saves it onto your computers hard drive.  You can then burn it onto a cd using something like sonic cd record now!.  If you do this, it can only be viewed on another PC (or psp/video ipod) NOT on a dvd player.  Just make sure that the files you burn onto cd are no larger than 700mb.if you have a cd burner, then just connect the left and right audio out from the dvd player to the left and right audio in on the cd burner, and press record. You will only get the audio portion of the dvd
You must buy the Music Essentials kit to transfer the mp3s into a suitable format to play upon your razor.. . They are sold at all Verizon stores as well as authorized dealers.you need the software cd that is bought seperate from the phone i got mine on ebay for cheap
You have to learn the trade by taking an electronics class.. Then apply for the job and they'll start you off at the ground. floor and you work your way up from there.Right now Comcast is hiring like crazy! If it is something you are interested in just go to www.comcast.com and look for a link for job openings. I got a job with Adelphia that way and I love the job!Walk into Comcast's regional office (address on your bill). They are on a roll and hire everyone they can find. If you know what a coax cable is and especially how to install a compression type F connector, consider yourself hired (after background check of course)you answered the question yourself.......with a question like that....
Bluetooth is a ear piece that is used with a  cellular phone It is like a hands free device to talk on your cell phone. It is wireless.  You ever seen someone with a weird looking device on their ear and has no connection to it? you wear it kinda like a hearing aid.It's a 2-way wireless communication protocol, that allows different gadgets to talk to each other - over a short distance.. . It was developed in Sweden, and named after a Scandinavian king who unifiied previously warring Scandinavian tribes.A bluetooth is a gaget that u put on ur ear like an ear peice but its cordless and u use it on ur cell phone. but it doesnt work on all cell phones. u must check to see if urs can use it. its great when ur drivin and it starts ringing u push a button to answer and when ur done u push the same button. also it comes with voice command so like when u want to call someone u dont have to look through ur phone u just say who u want to call.. hope i help u answe ur question.i *think* it is for like. a wireless earphone thing for like cell phones and such. im not positive though. you could always try googling Bluetooth and see what comes up :) Good luck!a blue tooth is a device you put in your ear so when your cell phone rings and your driving you don't have to pick it up. the blue tooth automatically answer es it for you. but if they like to talk alot on their cell  phones i suggest you don't get them oneBlue Tooth is a wireless interface system that. connects a cell phone with your vehicle radio . speakers.. Once programmed, you only need to have cell. phone in said vehicle. If a call comes in, radio. shuts off, phone takes over the speakers.. . If you're gossiping about someone, it's wise. to make sure that someone's not in the back . seat.its a smart wireless technology, used for faster data transfering. be it via phone, laptops or desktops. it's more convenient to use than a wired data transferers...it like a wireless earpice for you cell phone so you dont have to hold your cell phone its actually pretty handy and you can by different cover and stuff for it! :)
Check your aerial. I moved into a new house which had all the wall connections for aerials in several rooms. The tv worked for a while and then the digital conked out. An aerial engineer found that there was no aerial at all in the loft or outside. The previous owners had always used sky with the relevant dish.well so it said on the news today its due to the weather and the signal getting through .. shud be ok tomorrowprobably atmospheric condition should be ok tomorrowHas the arial lead fallen out.Atmospheric interference. Currently the UK is under a High pressure. If its not OK tomorrow  you need a TV engineer
I have gotten up to 999 Rupees, but that was with the help of the Action Replay cheat code system. You might want to be care full in using this type of cheat system as you might get really bored really fast since you can get many unlimited items.There is a fairy on Outset Island that can increase your purse size, and there is another on Northern Fairy Island. There is also a fairy on Pororo Island.
I would go with monster cables, at least a 9 gauge.It should work no matter what wire is used. The signal level is very minimal and the currents are even less impressive. Moreover as it's a powered sub, you can adjust the gain should the wire cause losses.. . Better wire is always better, but go for it.
inductance - coil of wire in device to be recharged placed near alternating magnetic field (another coil connected to AC). . used in braun/oral b toothbrushes.Well they need to be solar or friction powered.Other than this you have a problem
while most TV's have a menu option on the unit itself, there are some things that may require you to have the remote.  Options are to check with the manufacturer on purchasing a replacement, or buy a universal remote that can "learn" your TV's IRbuy a new remote and program it
are you trying to transfer them or just delete them?. . you can transfer them using your cable hookups, you can also delete them that wayI am assuming that your camera has a USB Port on it. Plug a USB Cable into the camera, and into your computer, these are avaliable at most Electronics Stores, Walmart, and most every major store. . If you have a memory card reader on your computer, you can simply pull out the memory card from your camera and put it into that reader.
Personally i'd go with the infrared.  The Nokia 6610i has a cable but it can be only used for the phone (and the 6100) Buy an infrared USB device - they're quite cheap... and use that. If nokia PC suite isn't to your liking go get a copy of MobiMB, works really well with the 6610, 6610i and 6100your camera should have come with a c.d and a cable, . go to adobe, you should beable to download from there
"keying" in your phone numbers for a free good ringtone almost always depends on which service you subscribe to for your cell phone..  As with all things, the "free" ones that you are looking for might require you to sign up to certain promotions just for a few free ringtones..  Saying that.. I understand that you arent looking for alot of hassle to get a ringtone, but having a motorola phone I really would suggest buying a new patch cable that goes from the phone to the computer, downloading Motorola phone tools (program) and making your own MP3 ringtones, you can adjust them to any size you want, pick the ones you want and it is alot better..  I have it on my laptop for my motorola and I couldnt be more impressed.http://rumkin.com/tools/sprint/index.php. . here you go. upload music, photos, even games to your phoneTry uploading one from your email.Hi. Here is a list of best websites offering free and paid ringtoes and caller tones. They have really large range. http://best-ringtones1.blogspot.com/
It sounds like there is some kind of data corruption on the mp3 player. . . What type of mp3 player is it?Sometimes when you are done, you just take out the cord when you just exit. Maybe you should upload all your songs, then download them again, and make sure there isn't some kind of special way to take out the transport cord/chip, like if theres something you need to click on
a console is like a control area. So a gaming console is an item for playing gamesits a stupid game system!OMAYGAD.. DUD, That's like, one of the best gaming consoles EVER!!!. FYI, a Gaming console is where you can play G-A-M-E-S.a gaming systemA gift from God our savior.If you need to ask that question, then you are probably not old enough to play it.what is a WHAT?You play games of course!You don't know what is XBOX 360. http://www.microsoft.com. Type XBOX 360 in their search engine and then you'd get the desired specificationsNot sure, but my box is XXXIt is a playstation higher verson.. You can also get Xbox Mother board separeately
Lock picking is not always successful.  There are a lot of kinds of lock picks, but most people prefer a raker pick.  You just slide the raker pick in and out repeatedly and hope you can get all the pins in the right position.  You also need a tension wrench, which is just a little metal thing used to turn the cylinder like turning a key.with a code like23512000
this is just my personal opinion, but i think the companies that make MP3 Players want you to have to buy a new player for the extra memory.  If they used SD cards, they wouldnt make as much profit because instead of buying a device with more memory, you would just buy a relatively inexpensive SD card.They used to... I had a Nokia MP3 player that took an SD card, and I knew of a few others.... . I guess the manufacturers want you to buy a new player each time you want to upgrade the memory... Makes more money for them!
all depnds on the phone service you have.  We have Vonage and we pay $29 a month(includes tax and all fees).  This is for all local and long distance calls, even calls to Canada are all included.  They also have a service which includes calls to the UK.I would love to help you,but where are you calling from?
Yes the magnet is fixed to the diphragam in the earphones, acoil of copper wire is wraped around it and the audio signel makes it vibrateThe information on your media player ( of what ever type) need to be turned back into sound waves via an electric signal.. . When electricity is passed through a coil of wire some energy is converted to magnetism.. . in a speaker this is used along side a fixed magnet to make the vibrations that cause sound waves.. . A microphone does the same in reverse (basically)Speakers (including those in your earphones) are controlled by magnets.  The magnet pulls and releases the speaker cone, generating the sound that you hear.Because the electric signal passes through a coil of wire which is in the magenetic field, this causes it to oscillate back and forth driving a diapraghm which produces sound waves. No magnet, no sound.Speakers use electro magnets to drive the cones to cause the required vibration for sound.Are they? I'm goona try that when i get home! I do know that if you stick them in your mic socket you can sing into them like a microphone!B/c a speaker works with a magnet. The magnet pulls on the electric current and the speaker cone, thus producing the sound you hear.
I'm guessing you are trying to attach phone/network cabling to some cross connect box. You need a special tool in order to "punch down" the wiring onto the posts, which you can find at the communications section of your local Home Depot or Lowes.What type of punch down blocks are you connecting to?  BIX? 66? Krone????
you can not make a cingular sim card work in a t-mobile phone. they have access your phone to that card. go to your local cell phone providers and see what they can do.if the code hasn't been set then try 000 or nextel keypad is the lowest left and right buttons together.good luckCingular won't be able to help you. All they will say is that you need to contact the phone manufacturer to get the subsudy unlock code. When you get in touch with them they will also be able to tell you how to input it. After you get it, you will need to call Cingular to apply the IMEI to your account.
it works wirelesslyIt emits pulses of infrared light, a lot like a TV remote controller.  Walls of certain materials and or thicknesses could cause an interruption, as can low batteries.
It's probably done to extend the life of the battery (a reachargeable battery has only a limited # of of "recharge cycles" before it starts to degrade in it's performance (it's voltage &/or time that it lasts in device before needing recharging agin)Only NiCads need it the build memory at half charge otherwise and will never get a full charge. the Ion types do not.
nee-kon in asia. nye-kon in english speaking countriesIn the 60's, "we" used to call it "NEE-kon" the same way a select few pronouce the car name "POR-shuh."  Before too long, everyone who knew just gave up, so we say it "Nye-kon" now so people will know what the heck we are talking about.The name Nikon, which dates from 1946, is a merging of Nippon K?gaku (????: "Japan Optical") and an imitation of Zeiss Ikon. Nikon is pronounced in two syllables like the English words “knee cone”.correct is nee-kon
check on other function where it put together with switch on lbue tooth function. or read the manual.what do you mean by service light? if you are referring to the light to use in the dark organizer>light. you can also put it in your shortcuts
Depends on the DVR. If you have a TiVo Series 2 standalone, you can copy it over to your computer using TiVo Desktop.sorry........I use stand alone recorders,one for CD and another for DVD. If the stuff you wanna transfer is your own personal stuff, . I have never tried to record anything on the dam PC, I guess I am too old to start learnin' somethin new. I have over 700 movies that I have copied, from my youth,I am 83 now, but they are great. the garbage that's comeing outa T & A City stinks to high heaven
You'll need a USB cord. Go to Best Buy and someone will be able to help you find one and explain how it works. Files transfered directly from the computer to the memory stick will not show up on your PSP. I tried doing that on my brother's.Use This. . http://tinyurl.com/flgcfi can help you but plug in the usp cord and open the psp music folder and drag your music into that folder and then it will be on the pspPlug In Your Adapter put the memory stick in it And Walah
LED means light emitting diode. they are one of the most efficient type of lighting. they are used in almost all electronics. but I have no idea why they would be used in a cameraSo that the camera can take a clearer brighter picture.  They act just like torch lights and light up the subject.
try wikipedia, google or ask.comVery basically, an antenna in the unit picks up the magnetic waves and filters the signals then displays the strength.The RD4000 has 3 different modes it operates in, Power - looks for the 50/60hz range emitted from mains wires. Generator - is adjustable to look for the frequency of the generator connected to the wires being located. Radio - looks for higher frequencies that may be emitted by wires or pipes.. . The RD4000 is available in different models that have more functions depending on how much you want to pay for it
Is this a trick question? 8gb = 8182 MB? Memory isn't rounded off like hard disk space.It can hold 2,000 songs because 1GB=250 so 250GB multiplyed by 8 mean that it can hold 2,000
without downloading you mean? multiple internet radio stations are avaliable from yahoo aim or msn.http://last.fm
Bluetooth  is a technology providing wireless personal area networks (WPANs) for small devices as cellphones or PDAs. It operates on the unlicensed 2.4-GHz industrial-scientific-medical (ISM) band, and has essentially been established by Ericsson. The Bluetooth Special Interest Group (SIG) was then founded with its original promoters being Nokia, IBM, Intel, and Toshiba. Today, approximately 2000 members are counted, amongst them Agere, 3Com, Lucent, and Microsoft.. . The complementary of Bluetooth is the Infrared device of the Infrared Data Association (IrDA). During the last few months, it has been argued that Bluetooth has been created as a substitute for Infrared. Though, this is not quite true: Bluetooth has been invented as an enhancement of Infrared, especially in terms of low cost, small volume, low power, and the accomplishment of Infrared's limitations, such as the its unidirectional connections, the connectivity range of only meter or its limitation to point-to-point connections. Although Bluetooth has actually coped with these constraints, e.g. by omnidirectional connections, the connectivity range of up to 10 meters, or its capability for point-to-multipoint connections, the two technologies are quite complementary. While Bluetooth is very applicative for networking, Infrared is more appropriate for the direct connections, e.g. for exchanging business cards.Bluetooth is a radio signal, and non-directional. Infrared is a light-wave communication and is limited to line of sight. Even a piece of paper between the transmitter and receiver will disrupt communications. . Bluetooth also has a few different specs which allow for range from a few feet to a few tens of feet. Bluetooth is also quite a bit faster than infrared.. Bluetooth is definitely more versatile.bluetooth is powerful and infrared is less powerful. well the thing that seprates BLUETOOTH and INFRARED is the speed and connectivityi believe infrared needs to be aligned, but bluetooth just needs to be in proximity of source. if  that makes any sence at all.
Your iPod will not show up a "Removable Disc" but instead as whatever your iPod is called. Make sure that in iTunes, edit>preferences>iPod>Music "enable disk-use" is checked.when you hook up your ipod into your computer, in itunes it allows you to change ipod settings in the edit > ipod settings part of the toolbar. on the settings screen you have to look for a little box that you can check off that is labeled "enable disk use", meaning that you are allowing your computer to view your ipod as pretty much a portable external hard drive (aka a portable memory place to store stuff like files from your computer).. . after that is enabled, you should be able to access it in your "My Computer" and save your word files that way. it should work just liek a removable hard drive.
the nano is under 10gb in size? then all you do,is format nano,  move all your pc music to a file, then in itunes select: ''add file to library'' add the music,. then itunes will say: '' not enough space in library, do you want itunes to select a random music selection to add'' . then it will put a totally random selection on to iPod nano!You could create a Smart Playlist, do this in iTunes by going to File/New Smart Playlist.. . Leave Match the following rule ticked. . In the first drop down pick "Last Played", then "is not in the last", then "14", then "days". That will pick any tracks you haven't listened to in iTunes or your Nano in the last two weeks.. . Now, Limit then the size of your Nano, either 1,2,4,8 then "GB", and finally, selected by "random". This will restrict the playlist to the exact size of your Nano (make it smaller if you use it as a drive to store documents on). . I always tick Match only checked items because I untick tracks like Christmas songs because they aren't appropriate.. . Then tick Live updating, this should make sure it picks any new music straight away and that definitely will not have been played in the last two weeks.. . Now click OK and give it a decent name like Nano Bites.. . Next time you connect your Nano, click on the Nano and pick synchronise selected playlists only, then pick Nano Bites.. . Lesson 2, careful with that tractor Eugene.
NO you need some solder you can buy it at any home fix it center . 1. put wire in place. 2.get soldering tool hot . 3. when hot, touch solder to wire and apply heat. 4 when hard solder meets heat it becomes a liquid so be careful and use only a littleThere should be a positive and negitive wire that need to be seperate.  Place solder gun on the wire , let it heat up and than place a small amount of solder on the hot wire , remove heat and let harden, repeat on other wire , making sure not to reheat first wire. Tape the solder joints after the are cooled to prevent them from grounding out.you need to use solder and sometimes flux is required to make the solder stick.You have to have solder from the hardware store to perform this
Theres two ways. The easy way: just take the songs off of itunes. The hard way: Set your nano up for manual downloading and remove the songs from your nano manually. You will then have to add all the new songs to your nano manually as well.remove it from itunes then sync your ipod but change the setting so it will sync the music that is actually on the itunes .......You can use a program called YamiPod (http://www.yamipod.com) which is compatible with BOTH PC and Mac. (There are other programs, but this is the one I've favored after trying about 7 different ones for PC). YamiPod will allow you plug in your iPod and copy any songs you want onto your hard drive.plug it into your computer and open up itunes...there should be check-marks on the left side..find the song you dont want and click the check mark..if the check mark goes away then next time your ipod is updated it should be gone..hope i helpedi don't have a nano i have an ipod video HOWEVER, you can either connect it up to itunes... click the drop down arrow thing next to the ipod icon in itunes, and look through ur playlist/albums manually and delete songs... or if ur like me, and u keep every song that's on ur ipod on ur computer... then just delete the songs from itunes, then click update... and it'll update ur ipod and remove the songs u deleted....................... i am quite hungry so i must depart!click the icon that brings up your library.right click the song that you want to delete.a list will come up but look toward the bottom of the list and it will say clear.click "Clear". then it will say are you sure you want to remove this song click "Yes". Then it will say do want you want to move this song to the recycle bin,Click "yes".open the itunes program and make sure nano is connected, click on ipod on the list at the left of the itunes screen. right click song in list and clear or delete.I have an ipod mini but i think that taking songs off an ipod nano has the same circumstances. plug your ipod nano into your computer and see your playlists or all your songs and on the mouse push the right button on the song that u don't want and click delete song.
GSM Carriers do what they call locking, it makes it where that phone can only use one of there SIM cards, you can not take your phone to another carrier as is. Unlocked means that has been removed and you can use another carriers sim card in the phone.gsm is the type of network your cell provider uses.  sprint uses cdma so a gsm phone will not work on the sprint network
I ringtone is something that YOU can hear when somebody calls you. A ringback is when somebody calls you, and they can hear music while they wait for you to answer!a ringback is something other people hear when they call you, a ringtone is something you hear when someone calls you.Ring tone Is The Tone Which You Hear When Someone Calls You,. Ring back or Greet Tune is a tone which you can set in place of a boring dial tone, when someone call your cell number, this can be in the form of a specially recorded message by you or a one of your favorite songs.Ringtone- the tune you hear on your phone when someone is calling you. . Ringback- The tune the person on the other line is hearing while they are waiting for you to pick up the phone.
no i think you have to change the picture tube immediately otherwise your tv will go off in advice you sell it and buy new same for me my repairmen advice me same but not help so i sold out.For Samsung CRT I believe they uses three electron gun for each basic color. If yours not showing the blue color big possibility something wrong with the blue signal. Neither the blue drive or it can be the blue electron gun (in CRT neck). If the repairman said he charge the tube maybe he give the blue electron gun a high voltage to make it work.I am not sure of what charging the tube is, however back 20 years or more, there was a component we placed between the picture tube and the tube connector that increased the signal to the tube.  The unit was nothing more than a mulit layered transforme.  However, it was called a booster, they would last 8 to 14 months back then.  But TV was not on 24 hours a day. so in today market it might last less.. . Not sure if this answered you initial question, but I tried.
one is plasma, the other is LCDin other words Lcd means Lazer Crystal Dislpay, It displays like a computer monitor .Plasma is new technology and very beautiful, however it does fade quickly.  It is a gas filled PDP (plasma display panel) which is very fragile.  I would recommend LCD(Liquid Crystal Display) This has been around for a while and is very clear, works great as a PC monitorplasmas suck i have two and they brake so easily
for motorola phones, i believe u need itunes.data cable(usb) or bluetoothYou can't on a v3c.  if you're still in your 30/60 day return period take it back and trade it for the v3m, slvr (in a week or two) or the krzr which all have memory card slots and built in Mp3 players.cantl only on the v3m or the krzr or a slvr
you might need a setup disc if your computer doesnt recognize the MP3 player, most XP systems will detect it automatically. . . go to start/ my computer you should see it listed in there open it up and drag and drop.Yes you will need to install a software cd for your mp3 player or if it has a removable memory card it can be transferred with a card reader.If you convert the songs to .wma, you will be able to fit more on there. Also, most MP3 player are simple "drag and drop".
it shouldn't take long to charge with a turned on computer..it can't be in sleep mode or anything... it has to be running...up to three hours if your ipod is completely dead.... the light on the battery indicator on the back will indicate the state of the charge, solid yellow indicates charging, solid green indicates chargeda little monkey man crawls out of the screen yelling "ipso ipso uno dos winky wink!!".... point your ipod north and inquire of the gods.It turns green.  When it flashes orange, it needs to be updated.
They call the FM radio controll agency and they tell them wich ones are available and then the radio station just chooses between one of those but if its one radiostation going to buy out another they will probaly just keep the same frequencyThey are assigned by the FCC.In the U.S. they are assigned by the FCC after a radio engineer performs a radio frequency site survey to determine what other transmitters are operating in the area. This is done to minimize the possibility of interference between the new transmitter and existing ones.. . WK
it is known to be a light indicator with 10 mA current source at 2.4 volts supply voltage to prevent burning the filament.light emitting diode. L     E          Dlight emitting diodes...they are little lights that can be brighter than normal lights...Light Emitting Diodes. Just like common diodes,they are polarity sensitive.LED stands for Light Emmiting Diode. An LED is different from a regular light bulb due to how it produces light. In an atom, there are orbitals, which are where particles of the atom reside. Sometimes they jump, and then photons are released. An LED lights by forcing the particles to jump.Light Emitting Diode.. . They're the small lights that are used in things like scoreboards and Christmas lights.light emitting diode.  i think.Light emitting diodes.......................................
you have to activate it at the store or online.you have to go to Verizon store. you have to pay $20. to turn it on. Or you can call phone number on website they will still charge you the $ 20. though.If you already have service w/ Verizon, just call customer service at 1-800-922-0204 and ask to do an ESN change. The ESN is found under your battery on the back of the phone. It doesn't cost anything to do this!
You have to load motorola phone tools or some such application that came on a CD witht he RAZR. It sucks. so all the best.If you have texting ability by your phone provider you can send the picture to your email account and open that from your computer. Instead of having to use Bluetooth technology. I hope this helps! GOOD LUCK!!. . ~BattleAngel~
Ain't nothing in life absolutely free.. You'll pay with either money, or in the case of downloads, you'll pay with spyware, or worse, a virus.. . Buy your ringtones from a reputable dealer before your phone or computer get screwed up permanently.Ummm the only one I know about is 3gforfree.com.....the only thing is you have to do it from your phone for it to be free...Like I have Sprint and my plan includes the Net and downloads....so make sure you have internet service availble on your phone and that you can download in your plan...
I use the program called Cucusoft. It converts DVD movies to MP4. After you have converted them, then you can drag them directly into Itunes. I have my Ipod set up to manually manage everything instead of it updating everytime you sync it. You can do this on settings. One thing though, you need to click the eject button if you do this before you unplug the Ipod from your PC. There's more to explain but I am running out of room. Feel free to email me and I can explain in more detail. z_guitar@yahoo.comYou need to have an apple account. Then you need to connect the iPod to your computer. Then if you have iTunes then you can sync them to your iPod.
Bluetooth technology allows phones to connect wirelessly with other electronics. . . The most practical use for bluetooth  would be a headset that hooks up to your ear while your phone remains in your pocket.bluetooth in "mobiles" is a wireless technology that allows interaction between two (or more) mobile phones with an existing bluetooth device.. . by interaction, i mean bluetooth allows one to transfer files like pictures, music, documents, contacts e.t.c from a mobile to another. however, some people have the habit of leaving their (phone's) bluetooth on. this kills the battery of the phone faster than usual. it also puts the phone in danger of getting a virus (speaking of virus, the 3230 of my brother's girlfriend got corrupted as well as the memory card). now why i'm saying this is because once ur phone gets corrupt, u're likely to lose everything on ur phone (and memory card).. . all in all though, the bluetooth is a good thing, cheers.
And iPod is Apple's brand of an mp3 player.  But read reviews of mp3 players and you'll see iPods at the top of the list...and for a good reason.  They are good.  The only thing I don't like about them is that you can't replace the battery when it eventually dies.the diff is an ipod can store music,movies,pictures,podcasts and your own info but normal mp3 players can only store music,nothin else. . another diff is an ipod can store green pea pods AHAAHHHAAThey are the same. Some certain "features" may differ, but technically an IPod IS an MP3 player, Apple just made their MP3 more distinct and commercialized by calling theirs an IPod.An iPod IS an MP3 player.an ipod is a 'cool' MP3 player..it has all the same features but that certain cool factor of an 'ipod' is there
it was a good phone bcoz company has stoped its manufacturing. You can go for W830i or even more hotter K790i. Both r in the same price bracket of W800i. So go for it!well, it's got the best picture quality for a 3.2 megapixel camera compared to other leading ones like in nokia n73, n93 and samsung d900 although d nokias have a much better video quality (n93 is d leader here) but it's not so bad. sound quality is excellent but not as loud as n73 which doesn't do well in quality compared to k800i. then there's d design, connectivity features (like 3G and HSCSD) as well as battery life....it's a very good phone and it's very user-friendly too (that's it's big edge against it's rivals).it's a good phone. even my friend has it.
display settingsI've had my SK2 for over a year now and I'm sad to say that there is no way to change the wallpaper.  You can however change your screen saver.  To change the screen saver, get in the jump screen (menu section), hit the top left menu button, click on settings, scroll down to keygaurd and security and you can use one of your pictures as the background and add text to the screen.. The SK2 is a fantastic phone and I hope you enjoy your's.
because air contains water and generally warm air contains more water so as the air is cooled by the refrigeation unit inside the airconditioner a bit of water/condensation develops in the box and it drains away onto the floor.. The principle is similar when you put cold coke in a glass and let it sit on the bench some condensation comes on the outside of the glass on its own.When an air conditioner cools air, the air's capacity for holding moisture is diminished.  This excess water has to go somewhere, so it drips out of the unit.  This is similar to what happens when a cold glass forms condensation on the outside, and water runs down the side.That is the moister that is in the air that is in your home, . . PeaceThe condensate.It called condensation.  When the warm air (or at least warmer than you like) passes of the evaporator coil of the air conditioner it condensates.. . This is much like a cold glass of soda or tea sweating on warm day.  . . The circulated air dehumidifies and condensates as it passes thought the unit.  The cool, dry air is passed into the room and the condensation (water) is disposed of via drain line or the back of your a/c unit.because its cold and the machine sweats and the cold air freeze but avopperate in the warm air around the tube thus the waterIts all like dew in the air accumaliting and forming over it and then flowing as watersimple. just like fridge, it produces water. but it doesn't actually freezes it, instead it comes out.i dont know and thx for the 2 points
a la carte means from the menu. They'll provide a list of options, you choose which you want - you can't design your own plan.In this kind of context, it would simply refer to individual options that are not part of some special package deal.
I think u better know ur answer...then why r u asking ??if you want to put the photos from your phone onto your pc,it is called uploading,becouse you are sending your pics to your pc.. you will need the software that came with your phone installed on pc first.then connect your phone to the pc using the usb cable.open the software that came with phone and follow on screen instructions to connect to the pc.should be straight forward. please select as best answer if it is  thanxconnect the phone to the pc .connect the phone with the USB cable and connect it to a PC or vice versa..Use the software provided with the USB cable, it should have something similar to "file transfer wizard" or something like that...you can browse your phone through the PC once you have found the file transfer wizard......then right click on the image you would like to copy and copy paste it to ur PC.....Sometimes  the software might have a multimedia studio through which you can directly copy pics from the phone to your PC..                         If you are using a Nokia phone then the Oxygen phone manager software can help you ..............Best of luckOn my phone i just email them it is sooo easy! You go to like where you are sending a pic to a phone number but instead you put an email. Thanks
How much money have you got?. The Hasselblad H3D-39 has 39 MP for $32,000.. The Canon EOS-1D2 Mark II has 16.6 MP for $7,000.. There are several in the 10-12 MP range.. ~12 mega pixil....and it is there in a phone also....samsung.
the 360 has been out for about a year now and the bugs are pretty much taken care of. I have had mine since May and love it. Microsoft was on the ball and fixed what was wrong. No worries.I bought one of the originals and had to return it to Microsoft, they fixed it for free , I love it . I am not a PS fan so I think the xbox is the way to go......however it really depends on the games some are only PS and some only 360, so it is up to you about the games ...personally its a 360 for me  and Halo.it will definately not overheat....my husband has one and he plays the damn thing to death! i hate it... but he plays it for days straight at a time.  the longest he's left it on is about 36 hours. no problems at all with it and he plays all kinds of games.
Go steal one from someone LOLI have a new PS3 with 10 PS2 games for $2200 if anyone is interested.e-bay baby.check eBay...all are gone from retail...or will be by time you get there...if your lucky, you can get one at walmart...but be prepared to pay around 2 grand.....its a hot item...save some money and get a xbox 360....go on ebay and spend like $5000 or wait a few months and get one when they ship more out.On Ebay. It depends on where you live. wait a week or something and go to the nearest game store.Either have an ebay account and about $3000, since that's what the bids are now up to ... or a miracle. Those are pretty much your only options.
There is WAY too much to know to learn on here. Read the manual! It is relatively simple once you get the hang of it!. . Good luck!Surely it came with instructions.read the instructionsRTM - read the manual. . they have the manuals at kodak.comPack it up, put it back in the box, seal it, list it on eBay.  Take earned money, purchase Canon digital elph camera.  Kodak sucks the big one, I have had one for a year.  I know more than a few people with Canon's...they're incrediblejust go with ur instinct and see what the display screen tells u. these new gadgets r all pretty much the same and extremely user friendly. try not to let the camera gat bigger than u though!read the manuel...Every digital camaras works pretty much the same way. The quality of the output of digital camara is determined by its megapixels(it should be notified on your camara). The higher the pixels better the quality, at the same time lens also play the vital part in it's output, for developing at photo-lab or printer  try adjusting your resulation upto the highest. If you just want for email or website - adjust lower resulation.. . Alternatively, photos you took on high resulation can be cut, trim and manipulate to your need by the photo software that came with your camera. But photos taken on low resulation(email and website) aren't good enough for printing. That's why it's always good idea to take photos to camara's full resulation and manipulate to your need later on.. . Digital camaras use memory cards instead of films, so whatever you take are stored on memory cards. You simply take that card to photolab to print. The number of photos and videos(didital camaras are also equipped with video capturing function) can store is determine by the capacity of memory card. The common ones now a days are 512mb, 1gb and 2gb.. . Digital camaras come with LCD pannel where you can see your photos before and after you take. If you aren't happy with your photo simply delete it and re-take until you are satisfied. . . Turning off LCD and taking photo through view finder saves battery. . . I hope this is enough to play around with your new digital camara for the moment. If you need more info go to www.kodak.comwoah how can u not know how to make a kodak digital camera work....in what century do live?????? hello. we r in 2006Turn the camera on, put the dial on "Auto," which is usually a green picture of a camera, and point and shoot.. . Find a friend who knows how to use digital cameras and ask them to show you a couple of things about it.  It's easy once you figure out what to do with the pictures you've taken.well digital cameras are very easy to use. you have a small colour screen that will show you what you see in the viewfinder. basically you use it like a normal film camera use the viewfinder and click the button. The best website you can go through is teh one below.. . http://www.digitalcamerabasics.com/. . and theres also a website that describes the features of your camera. . http://www.steves-digicams.com/2003_reviews/cx6200.html. . thanks
download songs onto your computer then copy and pasterYou have to connect the wire to the computer first.  Then open Itunes and drag the songs into the ipod icon.You click syncronize and all of the music should add. or you can click on the stuff that you want, and on the left where it says ipod, drag it in there.you know you have to hook it to the source of the music, right? THEN you have to download it.
you can say that...but it also means technology that is small and able to be carried..i.e. IPodtechnology that is mobileIt really depends on the context it's being used. . . When I just hear the term Mobile Technology, I think about CDMA, GSM, and TDMA
sometimes the TV has to be set on channel 3 or 4 and the VCR set to the correct channel. If only the TV is on the right channel, the VCR will not pick it up. . . Don't jump into buying a new VCR. It sounds like you're just missing one of the steps.. . oh, and make sure the cable hook-up is tight on the "in" port on the VCRMake sure the record setting was on, and if that doesn't work, try another video. If neither of those work, either contact the manufacturer or buy a new vcr, although if you want the new thing, try getting one of those dvd things that will also record. They'll last longer because they're newer.Check owners manual and follow direction written in the manual.  For timer recording, VCR must be turned off.Televisions made in the past few years have been removing their Video Out.  My suggestion, find a VCR that allows you plug your cable into it, and then connect the VCR (video out) to the TV (video in) using an RCA cable.  If you have an HDTV, the setup is different.. . Another suggestion:  TiVo.  If you can afford it, you'll love it.
Although your TV is "HDTV ready" you still need a high definition converter to convert the signal, and the channel itself has to be broadcast in high definition (most aren't yet). Even DVD's do not offer true high definition... but the newer formats like Blueray and HDVD do.Are you with a cable company? If so:. Did they give you a High definition cable box?. Are you paying the extra HD viewing fee?. Are you going to the HD channels designated by your cable company.. I am with Time Warner Cable and all these are required.Where did you bought your HDTV?  Have you seen the  High Defination relays demonstration.Have you purchased  the service for High defination services.If not than you cannot.No matter what TV  you have it.until you subscribe the services from Satelite service provider or your Cable provider.Hey Check with Verizon and AT&T they have some new features via phone lines.Did you subscribe to HDTV with your cable or satellite provider? You have to have a box hooked up to your TV to get the HD signal.
Most likely, the close caption feature is not built into your TV, since the law went into effect in 1998 that required all TVs to support close captions.  However, you can still view close captions on your TV by adding an external decoder.you should have a CC button on your remote. Most TVs closed captions only accessable with the remote. I hope this helps.
VLC player can play them. also real player. . (I suggest the 1st personally)Download Real Player free from download.comInstall the syncronisation software onto your PC and then link up your phone either by the USB cable you should have been provided with or bluetooth if available.. Transfer the files off your phone onto your PC and treat them as any other media file. I've found the Realplayer is the best player to watch them on.. . Alternatively you can send them as an MMS message to your email address.
The S & L stand for Short and Long. The original EP096FS was called a 1 hour battery and the EP096FL was a 2 hour version. The replacement batteries available now tend to be longer than this for either one.. . WKThe last letter has changed......
Some can not be used for web.. . Try this.. . http://www.imaging-resource.com/PRODS/S5200/S52A.HTMThe Fuji S5200 can not be used as a webcam. For what it's worth, the S5500 can.
you can see the manual of mobile phone. mostally nokia phone have a 5 digit security code. code is 12345call the company they will crack it easily..
the newest one?... maybe you need to configure your GPS through settings or whatever... so I guess you should reinstall it, then if that doesnt work... Call the manufacturerAs t-mobile runs of a network called "gsm", it doesnt have the capability of performing gps navigation. only networks like verizon and sprint, who run off digital networks will be able to do that. sorry!WHT U TALKIN ABT
If you have Verizon they sell a "music essentials" kit that makes it easy for the technophobe to transfer music. Otherwise, all you need is a card reader for the microSD card, insert the card reader in the computer, it should install itself(if you're on XP) and then it will show up as another drive in My Computer. You can drag and drop your mp3s onto that drive, then insert the card in the phone, and you're set.  Of course, this is always easier said than done!You will either need a "card reader" to plug the card into your PC, or a special cable to connect your phone directly to the PC (does it not come with one? that's a bit cheap of them!). . PS. You get a thumbs up for having the best name in the world.
ya, and free ride mode has collectibles for money but half pipe has the easiest way to get money. LODGE!!!!lodge. go to the lodge
do you mean when you plug in a data cable to your phone and then via USB to your computer...and it acts as a modem?. . cuz if it is....thats how you do it..lol...just plug it in and if you got dial up internet, it will dial using the cellYou have given a data cable with your mobile including a software. if not then you would to bye it from shop. Call to castumer care .. If your mobile service company is a ISP then they will allow you to. connect with internet. At first installed the software then call to castomer care.They will give you instruction that how you would able to connect with internet.But a big portion of ISP will give net connection if you in thier postpaid connection.You must to contect with your mobile line server.They solve your problem.. Have a nice day. Thank you. BYEEEE...........
If you have the latest version of iTunes there is a setting on the Music tab to auto sync your music library or not.  If you do, you can choose which playlists it will sync.  If you don't, you can drag the playlists you want onto the iPod showing in iTunes.go to preferences and turn off auto add or somethig like that
fuck a dog.Yeah, Verizon blocks it, so they can make money from ring tones etc, you have to buy their software.. . T-Mobile lets you upload your own ring tones and music without charge or additional equipment or software
Maybe this is a question best answered by. Russel Crowe???Advantage is that you can make your call anytime and anywhere you like.  Disadvantage is the it has got radiation which will harm our body and that big amount of mobile phone bill.
Bluetooth is an industrial specification for wireless personal area networks (PANs), also known as IEEE 802.15.1. Bluetooth provides a way to connect and exchange information between devices such as personal digital assistants (PDAs), mobile phones, laptops, PCs, printers, digital cameras and video game consoles via a secure, globally unlicensed short-range radio frequency.it is a wireless handset for your phone. you use it so youi dont have to hold anything while your talking on the phone. it is mostly used to driving and other things. it clips to your earBluetooth is a program that you can use to transfer files. For example if you want a ringtone from your friends cell phone and you both have bluetooth you can use that to get a copy of your friends ringtone. Or if there is a photo on your cell phone you want to use for something like your myspace you can use bluetooth to transfer the photo from your cell phone to your computer.It is wireless communication secured by a handshake signal from the receiver and transmitter.   Bluetooth is used in wireless headsets for cellphones.     . . It is used in other wireless devices as well.  It won't be long until some of the game systems are using it for their controllers instead of radio or other signals.a wireless hand set that look like you are talking to your selfIt's an expensive wireless headsets for cell phones.
You'll need the CD for installing your cellphone driver. First install the driver, then restart computer. Plug in the cellphone and let computer autodetect. Sometimes, it requires an additional program to transfer the music files to the phone.no, u dont need to buy a memory card first all u need to do is that... recognize ur pc port number with ur phone. well its kinda tough but if u have bluetooth device on ur pc then its more easier to connect.... well if u want to know more then plz call me to +8801711562737go to www.freeringers.netyou either have to buy it, or have a way to connect your phone to your computer (either a data transfer cord or a mini sd card) and then just put the mp3 files on your phone.
It's version 14 of an MPEG type of file. It's used for either digital audio or digital video. Specificalle, m4a is Apple's equivalent of the mp4 audio and video filetype. You should be able to open the file using a program like Quicktime or iTunes.mpeg4 is a video file witch mircrosoft media player will not play, so just use quick time player to open and watch it will workAn m4a file is the file type which is used by Apple iTunes when you are ripping an audio file from a CD. To play this file, you can use Real Player or QuickTime. I'm not sure if Windows Media can play it though, but I doubt it.
jump and hold the button and then direct himdepends how far you are into the game. he has the glide ability at some point you have to equip it from his learned abilities. near the end when he needs it to defeat some bosses he will automaticly do it good luck beat it and hope another one comes out soon!!!!you must equip him at a certain point of the game
just press the answer key, it puts the first caller on hold.Just press the send button and it will connect you to the other line, you can go back and forth by pressing the send button again and again, just tell the other party on either line to hold on, for if they hang up . . . well you know.  And don't worry, you can't hang up on the party that's still on the line, because to hang up you would have to press the Power (end) button. I have a verizon phone as well. Take care now.The same button you press to send a number that you're dialing. Press it and you should be able to go to the other line.just press talk
Popularity and Qualitytheres no difference ipods have issues in comparison to the others, but il rather get an ipod anyday.Actually there's not much difference, they're basically the same. an iPod has more problems and is more fragile compared to a normal mp3 player. iPod MUST use iTunes in order to upload songs onto it, but others can use windows media player.
you should be able to plug it in as if you were synking it and when it makes a list of the songs you have on it you should be able to highlight them and delete themPull them out with a magnet.easy, if you can't dellete them from your MP3 first connect it to your PC using the USB, sellect my computer, click on REMOVEABLE DISK then use the old traditional way by right clicking it then holding shift select delete.. Remember recordings that has been done by the mp3 are stored in a different folder and other musicsGo to my computer and double click on the Yp-z5 or whatever and right click on the song you do not want and delete it.
RFID stands for Radio Frequency IDentification. A powered RFID has its own power or is powered by whatever its in (something like a car remote). a non-powered RFID gets its power from an outside RF, usually the device thats scanning the RFID (that microchip between your dogs shoulders that gives the vet a number to look up in the master data base for dog catchers so they can contact the original owners).Active tags have a battery on the tag. The battery may be used to boost read/write range, allow for larger memories, or add sensory and data logging capabilities, such as temperature sensing. Passive tags receive all of their energy from the read/write device that "powers" the tag to allow it to transmit data.
you can't , pest control is your answer and always stay away from second hand furniture,bedding etc.ring environmental health upits pretty difficult to rid of your homes of these pests...best thing to do is boil the sheets( blankets, pillow cases and what nots) and put under the sun your mattresses for 2 days or so...i heard somthing about mothballs.. and theres this thing you can buy that you can plug in. it sends vibrations out to keep them away, it wont kill them though.They are tricky little critters and dont just live in beds... They live in any little tear in the wallpaper near the bed, , in the joins of the bed fame, and they particularly like living in the crease of the piping around the edge of matresses... Professional pest control is the best answer, inspection is the key to elimination. i would not like to suggest a chemical to kill them because you might have a bad reaction to it..... TAP IN 'BED BUGS' on the main YAHOO web page for more info..............KICK THEM WITH YOUR SHOE, UNTILL THEY TURN BLACK AND BLUE........a good steam cleaner should do the job
Wait 3 days to see if it will dry.  If it still doesnt work, bring it to a repair shop and see if they can do anything. If not, then use your warranty and get a new one.By replacing it with a new one.. . Of course if that isn't an option, I hope that you did not turn it on immediately.  You need to let it dry thoroughly (3 - 5 days) before trying to turn it on.  If you did turn it on right after pulling it from the water, more than likely you have shorted out most of the circuitry and it is toast.  Time for a new one.
It means that there . is an amplifier on-board.  . Or, that it has it's own amplifier.Amplification is simply the reproduction and strengthening an electronic signal.  In a sound system, for example, a signal is introduced through an input "transducer" (a transducer is anything that changes one form of energy into another) such as a microphone, that turns sound waves into electronic equivalent.. . That signal is then processed and fed to the amplifier.  Here the amplifier significantly increases the signal strength before reaching the loudspeakers, which are the output transducers.. . Short answer?  Amplified means made stronger.
what a noob.It prevents the unwanted pressing of buttons.. . example, your listening to a song, and it is in your purse or pocket or w/e and the stop button gets pushed accidently...It prevents buttons from being touched... like a keylock on a cell phone.the hold button locks the keys so when you touch them the scroll doesnt move sorry i dont think i know what a lanyard isIt locks the iPod into it's current functions so you can stick it in your pocket and not worry about the volume accidentally being turned up or down or skipping songs. etc.. . Lanyard is simply a cord used to hold something.  In the case of an Ipod, it is used hang the iPod around your neck.
Lick until you get to the part you need to repair, then eat that part too.  Next, go to the nearest electronic store and buy a phone that works.  Ohhhh, wait, it's not a REAL chocolate phone, is it?  Ooops!dunno, but have you tried hitting it with an hammerdur dur dur dur. durrrr durrrr cant toutch this. sorry.  It's not worth it-the cost of a new lcd would be greater than the cost of a new phone. Same goes for a pro repair job.I do not know but it would be better to just buy a new one because it would just cost more to fix than just buy a new one.. . They are so cheap right now.sling itHammertime.
see it in this site. there are comparisson so you can decide which one you like mostIn my opinion, the only main difference is that the Blue-Ray disc feature is avalible on the PS3 and not for the Xbox 360.
you can't.. midis are just signals sent to your computer telling it to play a certain type of tone.  An MP3 is recordings of accual instruments.You can't.. . MIDI files are digital instructions, much like a "player piano". It would be like trying to convert music to  written sheet-music, or a written score.. . ...but, with computers these days, who knows.
Ni-Cad batteries have a memory, so recharging them when they are not fully discharged will shorten their life.. . Lithium-ion batteries are just fine to plug in no matter what the charge is.. . No matter what, all batteries will lose their ability to keep a charge over time.Not if it uses a lithium battery.  (Supposedly)Charging your battery when not needed will shorten its overall lifespan.  Regardless of it being lithium, Ni-cad or ceramic.  The effect is less on Lithium and ceramic, however overall it will reduce the life.. . Suggestion, recharge only when less than 1/3 indicated life is displayed and you will maximize the life of your battery.
Nokia PC Suite doesn't have the phone driver, so if it didn't recognized the phone is probably because you didn't install the phone driver. But nokia 6020 has bluetooth and infrared, you can send the java game kit to your phone, and the phone software will install it.canot.....
If you have a Double-Layer (DL) capable DVD-writer you can burn up to 8GB per DVD. You will need DL DVDs as well, and they cost MUCH more money than the "standard" DVD+/-Rs. The recording speed is lower than the normal.. . Other way to do it is to try the "overburning" option found in some burning software (e.g. nero, etc.) but it is not recommended.. . If you're trying to record some video file(s), try reducing the quality a bit to "shrink" the file to 4.5 GB that will fit on 1 DVD.. If you're writing data files, try to "compress" them with some archiver program (rar, zip, 7zip, even windows built-in zipping).. . Hope you like my answer and sorry for my poor English.If you have a dual layer burner, you can burn dual layer dvds. They'll hold about 7.95 g
On an mp3 player shuffle is the equivalent of random.. . It plays the songs out of order, randomises them =)randomly play the songs . . pklay the songs out of orderIt will play the tracks in a random order, so they are not just played by artist or alphabetically."shuffle" the songs up. Plays them in a random order.It will shuffle all the songs around and play them. Instead of playing them in order
Try E-bayok this deal sounds a little wrong the psp alone should be enough to cover 67 dollars so i would just buy the white oneJust go for the used one and get some cool stickers to personalize it and enjoy all the toys!!
I think is about a webcam ..not a digital camera ...he is in wrong section.. . check if your webcam is USB 1 or USB2. Download the latest driver for your webcam.You really need to give us more information. Make and model of camera?. You are talking about fps...for movie mode?What camera are you talking about, and how many FPS do you want to raise it to?. Is it a film camera or a video camera?
Awesome Question!  The resistor (heat-maker) is actually imbedded in a ceramic insulator.  Which is why, when you turn the stove burner on, it doesn't get hot immediately.  In conclusion, the ceramic does not allow the electricity to reach your pan.. only the heat.There is a ceramic insulator covering the electric heating element
try going to your service provider. they sometimes unlock phonesi dont think you can..3pay seems to be unlockable.
no they don't have battery memory.  you can charge them even if they are only half drained.Different battery chemistries each have their own 'quirks'.  The memory effect is a quirk of Ni-Cd batteries only. . . Li-Ion batteries don't have this quirk. When not in use for extended periods, however, Li-Ion, like Ni-Cd, lies to be stored discharged. Lead-Acid batteries are the reverse of this, and like to be stored charged all the time.
Plug your camcorder into a DVD recorder (a TV one, not a PC).. OR. Copy it from your camcorder onto your PC and burn it onto a DVD from there. I no expert but using video editing software to save the file might help.Import the DV onto your computer, save it as a movie file, and burn it.Can I ask why you need to convert it in the first place??
You press the plus button and then your backpack comes up, then using the nunchuk, scroll to the save button, they;ll ask you to name the file etc...also, the game automatically saves after completed missions. good luck!When you first play the game it should ask you somethign to the effect of "There is no save file on your nintendo wii, would you like to create one?" then if you say yes, It will take you the typical Zelda loading screen where you will pick from one of three files, click the one you choose, and begin playing. from then on you save by pressing the + button and pushing "save". and it will save it to whatever file you picked. If you said no, then you should be prompted to create one the next time you try to play.i didnt buy the wii or zelda game but im pretty sure it has a harddrive in it 2 save it automaticly+ button -- save is at the bottom
The Sony Handicams are good, I went with a Canon DC100 DVD . Its a nice camcorder and a bit cheaper than Sony. You can usually save some money buying on ebay. It is a hard decision though, just because there are so many to choose from.Sony - If you can afford it,  it has a really good picture. . otherwise just get any piece of junk
Try here: http://www.radioandtelly.co.uk/film4.htmlHave you tried re-tuning/scanning the box?- it should pick the channels up.probably because your aerial signal isnt strong enoughI assume you have done a search to actually install these channels (See your instructions) If you have then something is wrong with signal..you should search for new channels..... . if you go into your setup menu... and select search for new channels.....probably the ariel or coverage. I can recieve over 90 channels with mine even though i installed the outdoor ariel  myself.. indoor ariels are rubbish for freeview.Im not sure myself, but i get the same probs. all i notice is that som channels are grouped to certain frequencies usually between 22 and 69. not all of these frqueny bands have a good signal in all areas.. Some times you can use a signa booster, or another mini arierl that you place on top of your tv can helpas long as you have an active card you will get them, other wise you must have a fault and a message on screen explaining this
just plug it into a usb port, then go to your music player select the tracks you want   add to sync list then scnc to devise. if you use wma format it uses about half as much space as mp3 format. if you use mp3gain it will put all your tracks at the same db level, to stop some being louder than othersTry buy.com or even walmart.com, really cheap songs for a few centsIt always depends on the MP3 player. When you get it, it should come with instructions, follow those and ask your friends who have one and that will definetly help!well you plug the mp3 player into your computor using a USB cable. if you have a newer computor the place to plug in the cable should be in the front of your computor(not the monitor) then you open whatever media player your mp3 player uses(musicmatch jukebox, windows media player, iTunes) and rip all your cds to that program. once you ahve all the songs downloaded onto your media player then there should be a button that says sync music. if theres not go into the file menu at the top and it should say sync to a portable device. click on that and it will ask you what songs to sync. click on the songs you want and click sync again and your songs will be on your mp3It depends on the kind you get.  But most of them it comes with a usb cord.  You plug the usb into the mp3 player and your computer(at the same time) then you go to whatever music program you use (you'll need some type of music program to get your songs from, or you could use c.d.s) and transfer the downloaded music (which will be in one foler) to the mp3 player folder.  When you plug in the mp3 there should be a folder to transfer the music into somewher probably on the hard drive (c drive)  hopes this helps.well you can get songs from limewire and just connect your mp3 player to your computer and if you still don get it you will get an instruction manualdownload FREE music from limewire. after you have the songs you want, open your windows media player and click on the sync tab. Hook up the MP3 player through your USB port and transfer songs to it. disconnect it when its done syncing and listen away
windows media player should or any other DVD player on the computer. but disconnect your internet because the government could be watching you!As in a DVD movie? You either can't because they are write protected or if you can burn them they won't play in a normal DVD player.
It's easy your unit is defect and need to be repaired.. I'm not sure but maybe the software inside the unit that causing this. Like we all know Microsoft is very famous with their never ending bug on windows product.well, you see, it was made by microsoft, and as every gamer knows, microsoft cant make working things for crap. My suggestion, get a playstation,well at the main menu their is  this thing that tells u if u want it to sleep. . mine never gave me troubleAfter a while, if not used, the XBOX console turns itself off
How do you think that China will dominate the world market? Cost cutting is the only way and most people do not care. They invade the market with their cheap product and drive quality manufacturers out of the market.manufacturers they can sell what they want..  It is your choice to buy it. If they do not make  good safe products,  people should choose not to but it.. do not blame the manufacturer, the consumer should not buy a bad product. caveat emptor ( let the buyer beware)
If you havent got the correct cables then the best way is via Bluetooth.. . you will need a bluetooth dongle though. Cheapest on ebay.I got a samsung PC sync disc with mine - then you just use your usb cable and up and download whatever you want.
All you have to do is plug in a broadband connect to your Xbox 360 via Ethernet cable. Then proceed to make yourself a Gamertag. This will be your silver level membership. You wont have alot of access  then a Gold Membership, but Im pretty sure you can play any other games online.You need a high speed internet connection and an ethernet cable.  Just plug it in and go.  The Silver account is free.
sorry... . but i reaLLy dont know..When you connect your iPod to iTunes, it will show the iPod in the list on the left.  Click on it and it will show the contents on that iPod.  Find the video you want to delete, right-click it and choose Delete.  Do the same thing in your iTunes Library.ONe way of doing it Is by deleting the video from the source, itunes.. . Once u do that, And as soon as synchronise it with your ipod, the videos should be gone..U have to delete the videos from iTunes itself.
you need to get hold of a .mp4 video converter, there are loads on the internet (get a friend to download it for you). And then once you have converted the video into .mp4, itunes will recognise it and then you'll be able to put it on your ipod....... . ps. you dont have to only have the internet at home to get on to the internet (there are such things as librarys ect...)barry gs a nob isnt heIf you dont have the internet how did you get on here?
the pros are:Plasma’s greatest strength is flexibility of use. You can put them almost anywhere as proven by the now-famous Philips ad where a young couple installs a plasma on the ceiling above their bed after a long battle to figure out which wall was best for their slick new TV. . . the cons are:Plasma is not a perfect technology, and its weaknesses should be taken into account when deciding on a display. Plasma screens are fragile. They must be shipped standing up, and as they are mostly glass, they must be handled with extreme care. They are heavy, and the wall mounts must be properly set. They should never be installed where they could be knocked over or bumped into.Plasma sets are power hungry because of the high voltages necessary to activate the actual plasma elements. The picture quality degrades with time due to phosphor wear, much as a traditional CRT TV set does. Also, the glass face reflects light in the room, somewhat degrading the image, as compared to the other flat panel technology, LCDIve heard LCD TVs are better compared to the Plasma, but then ive been told at a john lewis store in london that the plasma is better? however saying that, he did say the plasma tvs have a life expectancy.. im thinking of buying a HDTV but it'll probably be an LCD one!PROS- 1. Larger screen size availability. .               2. Better contrast ratio and ability to render deeper blacks. .               3. Better color accuracy and saturation. .               4. Better motion tracking (little or no motion lag in fast  .                    moving images). .                . CONS- 1. Plasma TVs are more susceptible to burn-in of static .                   images. .               2. Plasma TVs generate more heat than LCDs, due to .                   the need to light of phosphors to create the images. .               3. Does not perform as well at higher altitudes. .               4. Shorter display life span (about 30,000 hours or 8 hrs.                   of viewing a day for 9 years) than LCD. This can vary  .                   according to other environmental and use factors.
it's the mirrors.. . . http://www.dlp.com/includes/demo_flash.aspDigital Light Processing. It's a gimick often found in rear projection tv's. LCD is liquid crystal display and is probably the best type of screenDIGITAL LIGHT PROJECTOR It has a little motor and a spinning colored wheel inside with a bright light behind it and that's how it projects the picture. Looks like something Thomas Edison built, but they work good and look great.
do you have a dvd writing drive? some drives will only write to CDs...they dont all do both....you need to be sure it's a dvd WRITER, and it's a disc compatable with the drive....that's the only thing I can think of that would be wrong.well you need a dvd burner for one thing and then you need dvd burning software like cheetah
You can buy a radio reciever with remote control for the PSP. But they are like $40 and not that great. I got one for free and stopped using it after a couple of months.maybe Internet radio by downloading a program but not normal radio because it does not have a radio receiver
yes turn it offI use to have a tungsten with the same problem.  I looked the problem up but unfortunately have not come up with any solutions.  I suggest that if it is still under warranty, then you should contact Palm and they might be able to get you a new one. . .  Also you can wait a few years.  In a few years the sound will be there, but you just wont be able to hear it.  Studies show that high-pitched frequency noises cannot be heard by older people.  Youngsters can hear it the most...Good luck! :-]dec g beat me to it. I have no useful answe either unfortunately.Alas, I don't think there is a solution. I have a Palm Tungsten E and it does the same thing, or did until it finally died for good yesterday.  I wish there was a way to stop it because its very irritating.buy a new one or distribute ear plugsThats not a problem, its how the screen works.  The screen uses sound and when you use your finger or the pen to press on stuff, it interrupts the sound.
click on ur picture.. . go 2 edit info. . choose "use avatar"u can change to ur avatar jsut by clicking the "choose my avatar" option in the picture menu...
bluetooth is an earpiece for your cell phone. . the feature bluetooth allows you to receive and send data such as ringtones from your cell phone to other cell phones that are in close range. both phones have to have bluetooth capabilities and within a feet or so from each other.Bluetooth is that thing you put on your ear and you can talk to people hand-free. Most phones a are bluetooth capable. This means you need to get a bluetooth set to talk hand-free. Try Wal-Mart
Once the clip on any camera becomes "soft" you would be better replacing it.. If it will not stay on in the bag then try using a broad elastic band, it will keep it in place and do no damage to the camera.You could use a loop of the right size string just trap it between the lens and the cap that keeps happening to my powershot.
This does not sound like a normal feature (I've had 3 different digital boxes through Rogers that did not do this.  You may wish to contact Rogers at 1-888-ROGERS1, you can ask for "technical support" to the automated voice system.It might be that it's showing you a temporary picture and it's taking 3 seconds to get the colour information.  It might not be a bug at all but rather a feature to make the channel change faster for channel surfers.
open the image and will have option to apply or set as . u can use as Wallpaper or screensaverI havent actually got the phone but a friend of mine has - go to the menu and scroll down to settings there should be either appearence or personalise or maybe background settings. once you have clicked on either of these and it should then say background and you can chose a photo or savbed background
Frequecies could mess with their computers or equipment?Pacemakers that regulate the rhythms in the heart can be affected by the electronic waves from a cell phone. Old folk with heart problems are likely to be in a doctors office as old people go to the doctors the most.Please do not take offense but if you are serious in asking this question, then you should not have a cell phone. You can stop heart monitors, testing equipment, etc. And to have a phone on in an office, resturant, theatre, etc is rude rude rude. Turn them off please. I will say thank you as I really appreciate the fact that you show consideration for someone besides yourself. Thanks.It may interfere with a pacemaker (although this is very unlikely). . But that's the main reason.beause if you have it on if will cause something.. and you donot need to disturb them.and because it causes something to happen when . someone is pluged up to a machinei have no ideaTo be "Polite and Respectful" of your Doctor!! He or She is a very busy Professional, and you are not the only "Patient" that He/She has to see for that day!. Besides, if you don't care about your own Health, by giving your Doctor your complete and undivided attention, why should they do the same for you? Your Doctor is "A Human Being" the same as you, and they know that if you don't want to be "Treated, and Cared For" by them or any other Professional, then it is a waste of their time, and experience as well as "Medical Resources!" Our "Care and Treatment" begins with us!! No Doctor can HELP us, if We don't Help ourselves! We have to HELP Them Help Us! . Where did my Generation go wrong, with you children?? Does your generation really think that Mommy was Right; When She said; You're so special, and you are all that matter? Be Thankful, that your Doctor will see you, and treat you! They don't have to accept you as their Patient, for any reason..... There are Patients who want to be "Treated and Cared" for, that will "Respect" The Doctor and His/Her staff, that can't be seen, because of patients like you who are so ignorant and ill-mannered that waste too much time.. I know from experience; I see it on a regular basis, when I visit my Doctors every month! . Also, be in your Doctors office 30-45Min. before your appointment time, in case you have to fill out more paperwork, so you do not push your app't. time back and delay the rest of us, as well!!. It is called; "RESPECT" to all of us, we think that if we have to follow certain "Rules and Guidelines" then you should too!!
the easiest way is for you to use video splitterFrom the cable out on the decoder, just put a splitter on the line. One line to each TV. Get the splitter at Radio Shack.
You could get a small transformer to step down the voltage first and then use a small resitor with a reasonable power disipation say 0.1 W, just make sure you current is less than 30 mA for normal LED's. If you only want to check the voltage then you could use a neon lamp which operates at about 70-90 V and use a smaller resistor, or lastly you could a zener diode (specifiy about 90 or 100 V) with an led and then use a moderate resistor (about 1,2k ohm 1 W) to limit the currentLED's operate on MUCH lower voltage than 110v! You could do it, but if you just want to test for voltage, buy a cheap voltmeter. If you are testing outlets, get a small lamp or shop light.yo bro u should hav voltage resisdent in ur circuit board. Use resister for ur circuit and use pot for controling the current. May b u dun noe abt that. use the transformer and low the current voltage. Or link all the LED via through that transformer and u will c it is work. Good luck buddy.
Easiest way to set up your email is to go to myt-mobile.com and register your blackberry . Once register under commuication you will scroll down where it says blackberry email and there you can set up your email. On your phone go to enterprise activation and new email setup... I hope this helps.If you have already set it up online, and it still doesn't work.....take out the batery for 30 sec.  . . If that doesn't work contact your service provider.
if your stereo has cassete player you just simply need a cassete adapter which cost about $ 20 bucks !!!!!!!!!!the problem isn't with the mp3 player as they can all output to any home stereo... the problem is with the home stereo as they do not all have a way of taking the sound in.... . If your stereo has an extra (AUX) or (LINE) input you're fine, just connect the mp3 player to that... if it doesn't but has a cassette deck then you can buy one of those car stereo cassette adaptors but it might not fit (door/tray won't shut properly) and it could break your homestereo (it broke mine, also a sony but a very cheap one.)You can convert it back into an audio file or get a system that plays mp3's as well. I have a cd player in my car which plays mp3'sYou will need to get a stereo mini-to-RCA adapter that can be . . found and virtually and consumer electronics store.  Connect . . it to your receiver's R & L audio inputs.go to wal-mart or radio shack and get an rca plug (it has a black/male part on one end and a "y" red and white/male part on the other.  Plug the black plug into your headphone plug on the mp3 player and the red and white plugs into your "video in".  Turn on your mp3 and search for the right "function" on your stereo.Try the Samsung Yepp YP-Z5QB / YP-Z5QS (1 or 2 GB) MP3 Player. It works like an i-pod, but not as much responsibility. You can fit about 250/400 songs on it and some pictures if you want. It is pretty convenient when it comes to the battery, but some people may mistake it for a cell phone...it is about $150/$200, but so worth it. and the transitions from one folder to the other is so awsome! It like...flies out at you and disappears. It gives you the time too, and the volume button is on the side, rather than with the song on an i-pod, much more easier to control. to scroll down and select stuff, you lightly press in the up and down arrows, rather that going round and round on an i-pod, again, easier to controll.
You will want to create the DVD in the MPEG format.. . H a p p y. H o m e. T h e a t e r i n g !First - you need a DVD Writer, second you need a good software that will not just create a DVD R disk (That's read only on computers), but one that created a full package Movie disc with Audio and video separation. The best one that's available now is NERO, its mostly shipped with the DVD writer itself.Ok what format is the video on dvd like avi or mp4....... Once you find that out you can email me and i will tell how to do the rest.Yes you got it. Use a DVD-R.  I recommend the Sony brand it is compatible with many DVD players.
If you have a wireless internet connection you should not have any issues. You just have to turn on some stuff in the psp.There is extra pieces that have to be bought ..... a USB cable to hook onto it.  If you call a local Game Stop or where ever it was purchased they should be able to walk you through the process.you need or have access to a wi-fi connection. click on network setup and follow instructions.
Do you mean you used to use comcast internet, you have canceled it and their software keeps popping up on your screen? If so, you probably have thier software downloaded on your computer. Go to add/remove programs and remove all their stuff.  If this is not what you meant, please give us some more details, we'd like to help you....Answer Schmancer is right or you can simply go to Tools, Internet Options, Home Page - Use Current (that being the one you want).. -MMcause u need to pay ur final bills
no such thing as MP4 player, its called MP3 player. please specify the model of the deviceWhat's an MP4 player? You need more detail.
yes, skype.. free download, free calls (U.S.)there are several companies out there now....skype...yahoo...mindspring....all you gotta do is download the software and start making calls....its easy as 1-2-3...if you wanna make PC to Phone  calls...ya gotta get calling in/out!   10 dollars get you started....skype is free until the end of the year!
you cant unless they come with an add on thingyou can upload your pics and look at them on your PSP or set them as your background...but you cant take them...you can't take pics with the psp.  IT HAS NO CAMERA!!!!well, It's Not Available (here) Yet, But You Will With A Camera Attachment Coming Soon Where You Can Take Photos And Videos, And Even Edit Them In Funny Ways... . For A Look Into It, See Here At This Official Japan Site (1)... . As Of Now, There's No Announcement For A Release Here... . Hope To Help, And If You Need Any Other Help, Don't Hesitate To Contact Me!
mp3 is basically an industry standard, and many computer programs recognize it. iPods, an Apple invention, uses iTunes, which uses a format called AAC to compress the music files. There is a difference, and the two are not compatible. You can set your iTunes to use mp3, though.The only difference is the manufacturer.  It's like when you buy  name brand item or generic.ipod is a better brand then most mp3 players.same thing just a different nameThe same difference as between CP3O and R2 D2 one is better than the other.It the same thing. Except for an MP3 Player can be a none brand name. I have an I River which has the exact features plus more than and IPOD. The I Pod does not have Radio, does not voice record or games but my MP3 player does.. . IPOD charges more money for less features.Ipod is just a brand name.An Ipod is Apple's brand of an MP3 player.  It's basically a name brand vs a generic.
Erm...to get a signal? =Pfor recieving better signalWhen you raise the antenna you get a marginally better signal. It helps if you're in a low-coverage area.better signalI thought they were to improve reception and signal.
Just plug it into your computer and when iTunes opens, click on the restore button.  This will reset your nano to factory settings and all the songs on the nano will be deleted.Read the Manual If you Still Have it . Otherwise Refer to the Support Pages Of The Ipod Website .
you need a usb tv tuner device which can record and play your recordings from the video camera.. . the package should come with the software for recording into your computer and writing to your vcd - ask the shop person first though.. . good luck!. . mercury of loveVideo camera captured AVI format,first of first convert avi format to DAT or mpeg or wmp format using by video converted tools or if you are using Nero burning it is automatically encode your captured video then write your captured video to CD. ENJOYChoose that you want to create Video CD  within your burning software Nero, Easy CD Creator or any other. Then pop in a blank CD-R and burn it onto it.
type in the cd or album nameyes please go to www.mininova but you have to download the bittorrent first the best ont to download is bitcomet so first go to bitcomet.com and download it on mininova you will see all the albums you want.Follow these steps. 1) go to www.bitcomet.com. 2) download the BitComet client from that site. 3) go to either www.mininova.org, www.supernova.com or www.thepiratebay.org.. 4) on one of those sites use the search bar to search for the CD you want.. 5) click on the link to it when it comes up and then select OPEN. 6) watch it download - And welcome to the world of torrents!!! :-)Go to filehippo.com and download bitcomet. . Use the torrents to search for the name of the albumI'd check out the bit torrent sites like. WWW.THEPIRATEBAY.ORG. You can get albums from those sites.in stead of bit comet i would download bittornado, then install it, then go to www.mininova.org, selct your'e album, click save, select where you want to save it to, then go to that place and you will have a link click on that link and the torrent will then open, selecy again the folder you want the completed download to go to(i either make a new folder or download to desktop), then minimise the torrent you will have a square in you're tray that says bt, click on it to see the progress of your'e downloadIn Limewire, and other P2P sites, if you type in ALBW (stands for Album Wrap) you get a single mp3 track of a whole album.. Other searches are - entire album - entire cd ..... etc.
first of all, don't get an iPod again, you'll pay $5-15 on name alone, Creative has a good product (I have one) my girlfriend's mom just got a really nice one from RCA last night and it's really great, and Scandisk is pretty good tooI happen to prefer the iPods.  Their storage capacity is good, and mine sure has been durable.  Dell also has a good mp3 player.
in manual mode, you need to press the center button and ten press up or down to adjust shutter speed or left nd right for aperture. i have same camera also.look again in the manual they dont give u this booklet for funGo to Sony.com now be forewarned they have had problems with that camera so when you contact tech support make sure they can really help you. You can also go to www.pdnonline.com or www.betterphoto.comI read your manual, and your right, it says it can be done in manual mode, but doesn't tell how.. Write to Sony and ask them how to do it.
Wikipedia has a good explanation of the two.... . H a p p y. V i e w i n g !The terms "Digital Television" (DTV) and "High Definition Television" (HDTV) are often used interchangeably, but they are NOT the same thing. . . Digital Television refers to a TV signal that is transmitted digitally as opposed to an analog signal. Digital Television can be broadcast in several different formats. Of these formats, two are considered to be "high definition". The term high definition implies that the resolution of the digital television signal is very high. For example, the 1080i standard is considered high definition and has a resolution approximately twice that of analog NTSC television. . . All HDTV is digital, but not all Digital TV is HDTV. . . The same bandwidth for digital TV broadcasting can either used to supply a video signal (or several) and other services, or can be used to transmit a single HDTV signal. . Although there are technically 18 different standards for digital TV broadcasting (all Digital TV tuners are required to decode all 18 standards), the practical application of DTV has come down to 3 standards. These standards are: 480p, 720p, and 1080i.HDTV is high definition television. It has more resolution (lines per inch) than standard television so it is able to render far more detail.. . I subscribe to digital cable television, but I can't get HDTV because I don't have an HD capable television to receive it on.. . So, no, HDTV and digital are NOT just two different names for the same thing.
www.3gforfree.commy daughter recorded a song from the radio with her cell and used it as her ringtone one time.  they didn't have it in the list and she really really liked the song.your only other option is to blutooth them from someone else
Allows them to stay in touch with people, and meet new people. For example, if a person moves to a new location and doesn't know anybody, the local chat sites can be great to make new friends.makes them stupid
There was somewhere on apple discussions where somebody stated how to get your computer to recognize it.. . To go to iPod Discussions (in Apple Discussions) click here >>> http://discussions.apple.com/category.jspa?categoryID=146I had the same problem...I forgot exactly where but go to apple.com and click Support. They had all these different ways to get the computer to recognize it.
I think Blackberries need an additional servide (Blackberry Terminal or something like that we call it in Mexico...). U should ask directly to Cingular ;)Ok ur phone needs 2 be hooked up 2 the internet by upgrading ur plan.You will probably have to be on a monthly contract to get this service
Try the customer service department for your service provider. They usually have access to a listing of all numbers called by the phones on your plan.Depending on your provider, your on-line account manager should log all callsMost of the time the company will send you a bill with the recieved/dialed numbers on it if you request it.
if the mp3 player has a program than you just gotta find it and a lot of times the CD comes with it. Sometimes there is no program and you can just plug it into your computer and then the mp3 player will show up on the computer (a lot of times as "removable disk" F or whatever letter it gets) then you can open the disk by double-clicking it and you can drag the music files onto the folder.When your done adding the files you can eject the mp3 by using the "safely remove hardware" icon on the right-bottom corner(if your using windows) or right click it and select eject (on Mac).. . Hope it helpsI put in an MP3 CD in mine.  These CD's are downloaded from the computer.  I can play it all night long. The number of songs could range from 222 up to 105 depending on the length of the songs.you put music onto it through a program on your computer depending on the mp3 player you have... see which program it is compatible with.use a USB cord to plug into a computer and upload into the MP3 player
download itunes on ur comp.plug ur ipod in.drag music from ur library to ur ipod.use a software called itunes
Xboz 360 sucks seously Wii is best until now...return it..I suggest taking it back and complaining. my xbox 360 never has done thatThats the same thing that happened with mine. just send it back to mycrosoft. Or if you have the guarrantee then trade it for a new one?check your tv and call . 1-800-4MY-XBOX
If your TV has R (red ) & L (white) and video (yellow) connections, you can use RCA cables to make the connection to your surround sound system.. . If your TV doesn't have audio/video connections, and you have a VCR, use the VCR's audio/video RCA connections.. . You will need an A/V receiver to make the connections as well, so if your surround sound system is just speakers, you will need a receiver or surround amplifier to complete the system.. . H a p p y. H o m e. T h e a t e r i n g !Hopefully this isn't as complicated as you feared.  This depends on your TV and what else you will be connecting to the system.  Here's a few options for what you are trying to do.. 1) Direct TV Connection Option: If your television offers an audio output this will be the easiest of the connections, all you do is connect an audio cable from the TV's audio output (white and red jacks), to the input of your choice on your receiver (TV/SAT, Video 1, AUX, etc).  When you want to watch your TV through surround, you turn on your receiver to the correct input and trun on your TV, and you're good to go.  There may be an option in your TV menu as well to leave the audio output as fixed - choose this option if available, this means that as you adjust the volume on your TV, it won't mess with the sound through the receiver.. 2) Using a Cable or Satellite Box:  If you have a cable or satellite box connected to the TV, the sound quality will be better than coming directly from the TV.  For this you will utilize the audio outputs on the back of the boxes, either Analog Audio (red and white), or a digital output (optical or digital coax).  From the back of the box, connect one of the cables from the audio out (analog or digital) to your receiver to whichever input you choose, and now when you watch your cable or satellite, you will have sound from your receiver and/or your TV.  (This is my preferred choice).. 3) Using a VCR:  If your TV doesn't have an audio output, and you're not using a cable or satellite box this is pretty much the only other option (if you have a VCR that is).  If you have a stereo VCR and your TV signal (basic cable/antenna) is running through the VCR, you will connect an Audio cable from the Audio output on the back of the VCR to whatever jack you prefer on your receiver.  All you do is leave your VCR on when you want to listen to the stereo, and whatever channel the VCR is on, that sound will come through the Stereo as well.  . . I hope this helps in your quest, I know its a lot of information, but I like being thorough.It depends on what outputs are available on the back of the TV.. . Most have stereo output jacks (red and white rca) which can feed an amplifier/receiver input of the same type (or can connect to powered speakers directly and be controlled by the TV volume control if the menu is set for external speakers to be "variable"). Sound will be stereo, not surround, unless processed through a surround matrix decoder in the receiver/amp (e.g. Dolby ProLogic).. . If you have a coaxial or optical audio output from the TV (See second link for photos of different connection types) you can connect to the same type of connector on the amp/receiver and get digital surround from programs that include it (usually indicated on the screen at the beginning of the program).. . Hope this helps.
An MP3 player allows you to hold alot of songs. They very in the amount of songs it can hold. Some can hold as much as 40,000 songs.you are so lame!!! There is seriously something wrong with you!!!you download songs AKA MP3's, then a player plays MP3's therfore MP3 PLAYER.An mp3 player is an instrument you use to store and listen to music.Mp3 players like the ipods,creative zen ,iriver u10,etc,etc lets you carry tons of songs ( 250 or more) and you can listen to them whenver you want. These weigh less than 30 grams and fits easily in your pocket/. Some mp3 players liet you listen to fm radio, watch picture slides and even let you watch videos.MP3 player is an instrument using which you can hear many different stored musics. One can store music into the player from a computer(PC) and listen at once convinence.
Ipod is a different brand. Some of the Ipods can hold more music than other mp3 players. I pods can store and view photos and music videos as well.an ipod is NOT an MP3 player...mainly because it doesn't play mp3s it plays AAC files (AAC is another form of compressed music). . there are a lot of mp3 players with same capability as an ipod. . but the ipods sleek design and popularity is what makes it a stocking stuffer =)Ipod is an mp3 player. I just think that ipod is the brand of mp3 player made by apple. They are just the most popular and the best.ipod=mp3 player.. . but now there are the ipod 30GB devices, which makes the 30GB model a mp4.. . it just depends on the make of the device.An iPod is a brand of MP3 player.  Sony, Apple, Philips, etc. all make a type of MP3 player.  iPod is the name of the one that Apple sells.
You probably have an older PS2 and the laser and mostly all them went bad and did this to millions of people including myself. You can take apart your ps2 and clean the lens with alcohol or something and hope it works, also a clean game is better. look up DRE on a gaming forum and it will tell you all about it and what to do.The disk read error, also know as DRE, is an infamous PS2 malady. It means your PS2 has reached the end of its life and needs to be replaced or repaired. :(This happened to me two days ago and i can ell you you PS2 is done you can replace it (get the slim one) or take it to a store and get the laser fixedIts happens to every PlayStation 2. the best way to fix the the problem is either A; send it to Sony and let them fix it (which is expensive ) B take it a part your self and clean the laser head.. . if you wanna clean it your self.. it is simple if you decide you wanna do it your self let me know and i can give steps on how... or you can search for it on yahoo.. . P.S. Smackdown vs.Raw 2007  is a very good game!The one at the orphanage did that and thomeone thaid that the PTH2 could not thpin the dithc fatht enough to read it properly.this happened to my ps2 for a long time,  and i was about to buy another then i got some canned air and:                   open the disc tray,  then spray the air in for a couple seconds.  try the disc.  it should work.  if not,  try again.  good luck!If the disk is scratched it might not read or if you have your PS2 standing vertical try laying it flat and trying again.
I have the same problem using the software that came with it. I just open my computers music folder and connect my phones usb, open that in another window. Open both windows next to each other and drag and drop from music to phone. Good luck..Put the music into a folder on your computer, then when the phone is plugged in use it as if it were a memory stick and send the file to it.
The tMobile people know how to do it, but they wont tell you my sister did the same thing and they wouldnt tell her. I bet if you paid one of the guys at the mall they might.  Good luckAlso, you can call the phone maufacturer and they will give you the SUBSIDY UNLOCK CODE. They will also tell you how to input it and it should work.I'm sorry, but Cingular SIM cards will only work on Cingular phones. Put one into your T-Mobile Phone, but the phone won't regignize it. I'm sorry, I really am...I love this! Ok. Most cellphones are unlocked by their phone service so that you can't use it in another company. These cellphones are protected with software and CAN BE UNLOCKED. . You will NOT get help from your Customer Support, trust me.. . You need to connect your cellphone to your computer, you can use Infrared Connection, Bluetooth Connection or even regular USB Connection. Then, download an unlock software such as MobileEdit! (not FREE) or pe2ktools (FREE!) If you can't connect your cellphone to your computer since it doesn't meet the requirements (Infrared, Bluetooth, USB) then you may buy an adaptor (depending on your cellphone). If there are no adaptors for your cellphone model, then you can send your cellphone by mail!. . There is a service in http://unlockmyphone.com/ that may be useful.. I unlocked my Motorola RAZR V3 using pe2ktools and it works great but I was thinking of mailing it.. Anyways, I hope that this helped you.. . PS: If you have a Motorola RAZR you may want to enter here http://www.themotoguide.com/unlocking.phpKnowing what type of phone you have would help get more accurate answers. 1st to correct some of the statements above.. The Manufacturer of the phone will NOT give you the subsity code . T-Mobile WILL give you the code IF you are a current T-mobile customer in good standing and you tell them you will be traveling out of the country and want to use that country’s sim card.. Not all cell phones can be simply unlocked by hooking it to your computer. Some Motorola models can through software but you run a high risk of ruining your phone if you are not sure what you are doing.. Your best and safest way is to find a local independent mobile shop or to use some of the trusted mail services available. Cost could be between 20 to 40 dollars.. If you have a Nokia phone, certain (not all) Nokia models can be unlocked through a calculator. Some Nokia forums have members that will calculate the code for you for free
Simply browse the top price/product comparison . websites and review sites.  Here's what I use.... . H a p p y. H o m e. T h e a t e r i n g !Hey, putting a system together piece by piece is the best way.  The only downfall is that you will spend a lot more than your desired amount and you will have unusable pieces sitting around for a while waiting to piece them together.  So I would recommend getting an HTiB.  Not all are cruddy.  I bought an Onkyo HT-S780 for $350 over a year ago from circuit city.  So I'm sure the price has gone down since then.  The thing I like about this system is its ability to upgraded with better speakers down the road.  Don't get me wrong, the speakers with this system will serve your boyfriend nicely!  It offers Dolby Digital EX, DTS, DTS-ES, Pro-Logic II and many more decoding features to give a great sound.  You can set it up as 5.1 or 7.1 depending on room size.  I have my dvd/vcr combo, ps2, mp3 player and a few other things hooked up.  It's not a wireless connection though but I prefer the wires because I know they give superior sound.  There are also ways to conceal them if you are concerned about that.  . . Here's a few sites for you, good luck!. . http://www.us.onkyo.com/model.cfm?m=HT-S780&class=Systems&p=i. . http://www.htib.com/. . http://www.newsfactor.com/news/Review--Onkyo-HT-S580-Home-Theater/story.xhtml?story_id=023002LYWX8C. . http://www.htib.com/reviews.htmI myself got an ONKYO HTS-790 HTIB! I love this system it onloy costed me $399 and it blows away system that might cost 10 times more. It uses dicrete components and make good use of all the movie format and HDMI, optical fiber. If you want something that you will be happy with and plasma screen you should be ready to spend over $2.500,,especially if you want to have full HD 1080p and make use of Blue-ray or the PS3,,the PS3 by the way are having problems with HDTV's that only uses 480p and 1080i. Because everything is set to 1080p. Anyway, you cant go wrong with the system that I bought. Check out the link I provided, it is well worth $399With that budget, I'm afraid you are pretty limited in what you can get.. . The $399 Onkyo system mentioned above sounds pretty good (But I completely disagree with his "blows away systems that cost 10 times more" statement). . Even a cheap HTIB system will be better than the built in speakers on the TV set.Hi,. I shop a lot and I always use cheapest prices search engine for all they offer. Almost every regular store and online merchants is listed there, lots of consumer reviews and a lot of other ways to save time and money.. I hope I helped you and good luck to you.. . Lisa. . p.s. check out the consumer written reviews, they should really help you!Go to www.crutchfield.com. http://www.crutchfield.com/S-lpAMulav9OJ/?pfxid=k9693&afsrc=1. or call them at 1-888-955-6000. They are more helpful and knowledgeable than the "CC" or "BB" people.. . Like some of the previous answerers, I also recomend the ONKYO HT-S790. http://www.crutchfield.com/S-PCTsnFKczQ8/cgi-bin/ProdView.asp?g=37600&I=580HTS790B. It is currently $379 at Circuitcity.  . http://www.circuitcity.com/ssm/Onkyo-Home-Theater-System-HT-S790/sem/rpsm/oid/148967/catOid/-12954/rpem/ccd/productDetail.do
You cannot alter or improve the pixel rate of camera's on phones. On some models you can adjust the picture quality to better then the standard setting, this normally just uses  further image processing to make it look better, but the actual resolution is unchanged.. . Professional image editing software like Adobe Photoshop claims to be able to resize a picture to almost any size with no loss of quality. This software is expensive and takes time to work out how to use it.. . Best piece of advice. Take your phone to a photographers and see if they can resize the image. Failing that get a phoen with a better camera, or buy a cheap digital camera with a better resolution.. . Incidentally I have a 2.0Mpixel camera on my phone, and the images that come off that are more then reasonable and are detailed enough to go full screen.You can upgrade your cellphone. You can get the Motorola RAZR V3x. It has like a 3.1 MP camera or something like that. You could also just buy a more MP didgital camera say a 5.0 MP camera. Hope I helped!
Don't use the disc. Put the USB into the computer and to the phone. Go to your picture, right click it and go to send to, you should then see your phone. Click on your phone and it should transfer.I have the w600i and you should be able to use the software to transfer pictures too. Another option is to buy a bluetooth USB adapter from a store and use it to transfer the pictures from your computer to the phone. The bluetooth adapter is also useful for many other things such as syncing your phone with your computer and using it as a way to connect a wireless mouse with great range capabilities.think it connects like a drive, should be able to go in My Computer and drag media
I also have Pinnacle and an 8mm, but it's a digital camera so I capture through the firewire port. You have to go in from the Video Input on your video card iirc (assuming your card has this). . Wow, I just checked out the directions. Not looking so good. Does this camera have USB out? If you have a tuner card you can input through that. Have you ever used this software before?Even if you are able to capture the footage on your computer the still is going to be very poor quality , you cannot obtain good pictures from this format.You may wish to try and see if a national chain like Ritz/Wolf Camera can do anything about it. If they can't, you'll probably have to go to a professional that deals with 8 mm video being put onto a disc.press pause on the camcorder until the frame looks good and then save it and/or print it .
Buy a new DVD player that will play the recordable DVD's.  There was the same problem with older audio CD players that couldn't play CD-R's and later CD-RW's.  The player manufacturers were not able to stay ahead of the CD technology and the recordable CD's available to the public.Have you ever used a program called Toast? It's a burning program tha works perfectly!!! You can download it from: . . mac.sofotex.com/download-  . Try it, It gets five stars from evryone i know.. Sometimes the burning software is the problem when it comes to playing DVDs.the dvd may be the wrong type. dvd players have specific disc they can play. for example: DVD+R, DVD+/-R, DVD-R. check your dvd player manual then buy the dvds that your dvd player will play.It's easy.. MS/DOS:. put it in. a window will pop up saying, "What do you want to pLAY THIS  WITH blah ..... Use Media player.. If the window don't pop up, your harddrive is non- DVD compatible.. I like cheese.
The card goes into the camera. Any pictures taken will be stored on that card. Formatting isn't usually necessary, but the camera will tell you if it needs to format. Once you've taken a few pics, just insert the card into your SD slot on your computer and it will look like another drive to your computer with pictures on it. If you don't have such a slot, you will have to connect the camera itself to your computer to arrange the transfer.First put the memory card into the camera. In general, there is no need formatting new cards, but you can do it. After than you can take pictures.. Enjoy!I was wondering the same thing. now my question is... will the 2G work. If so please let me know. p.s. where did you get your camera? I got mine on black friday at 6am @ Target!!
They can leap over tall buildings!. Are faster than a speeding bullet!. And can bend pure steel!. . It's a bird!  It's a plane! It's a SUPER COMPUTER!A super computer would be a computer that is the best for its time. The computers that run the phone companys and electric companys would be supercomputers. It would be pointless to buy a supercomputer because in a few months it would be worthlessa computer that performs at or near the current highest operational rate for computers. Such a computer is typically used for scientific and engineering applications that must handle very large databases or do a great amount of computation. The most significant difference between a supercomputer and a mainframe is that a supercomputer channels all its power into executing a few programs as fast as possible, whereas a mainframe uses its power to execute many programs simultaneously. . Refers to those computing systems (hardware, systems software, and applications software) that provide close to the best currently achievable sustained performance on demanding computational problema computer that is super
Assuming your music files can be obtain online (i.e through downloads from the internet, or from iTunes Music Store), otherwise you could always borrow a friend's computer which does have a CD-ROM drive and transfer your music files into iTunes Library.. . Another way is to use GMail's (from Google) immense online storage space to upload your files into your own inbox and download them from your laptop. However, the limitation is that you are only allowed a maximum upload of 1GB worth of data per day before being cut off (daily upload capacity limit).To download music to your ipod, I would imagine that you'd use the software that Apple provides. I hear that it's notoriously proprietary. That stinks, but it will work.. . You can find music to download here.... http://watersaffl.ipoddl.hop.clickbank.net?tid=NONTOXIC. . or through itunes.. . Good luck!What if you are not able to buy music from iTunes, because your country of residence doesn't have an agreement with iTunes?. . Are there any other options, besides buying CD's?. . Ra?l. Dominican Republicif you have itunes (which you should, it comes with the ipod) you just sign up for the itunes online music store and download whatever songs you want, 99c each.
Dial (star67) *67, then the number* 67 then the numberIf you dial *67 before the phone number you call, it will show up on other caller ID as private or withheld. They will also not be able to call you back.*67 before the number
It is not possible to remove the list of files except for pushing them out. It seems to me that you played a file which u dont want others to know that u played it. Play some 8 - 9 more video files and it will automatically go out of the played list. If you want play files which u wont like to be discovered, then install a video player and play it there. And remember never to asociate any file with that program.well to the file and open media player and click on remove the fileHmm if you want to remove the recently played files in windows media player and dont want anything you play to be there again then open your windows media player>go to tools>options>( you are in the player) now look for the tab that says "privacy"(look up) and click it then at the bottem you should see clear history and clear cache.Uncheck the "Save file and url history in the Player" and click "Apply" if you wish not to see the recently played files at all. Well hope that helped, cheers.
Sorry dude.. . Try calling Apple, it just might be under warranty.. . If not, you better begin preparations for a burial ceremony...exchange it if u still have the warrenty. If you dont it just might be dead depending on how badly it got wet.that sucks!!!! ...i would be wrecked if anything happened to my ipod ...I'd rather lose my brother than my ipod ... you'll have to take it to an apple store ...they might be able to retrieve the memory card ...you need to replace some of the hardware. you're better off with a new one.
USB isnt used for video, only pictures on camcorders. You would need a converter to go that route.firewire is best...the cables are not that much. If you have usb 2.0 you might be able to do it...but i never have. My boyfriend is on yahoo messenger right now, and he would be more than willing to talk to you about it. His nick on yahoo mess is bigpairofsocks.Firewire should be the most logical way to import video especially for Mac.
Get parents that improve your stats.  I've also simulated the draft and it got me a 1st round draft.try gettin the worst record
you can use the wires  for your dvd.just plug them in you'r computer you shuld see the picher if not  go to radio shak adn ask for wirs, or jus ask them what to do...What connections are available on your graphics card?  Look for an S-Video or a yellow RCA output (composite video).  Either can be connected via either the S-video cable or a composite video cable.  You shouldn't need the modulator, the computer video signal will just be sent to the appropriate video input on your TV (TV/Video button on your remote or "input" button on your remote)i love your momJust run the S-video cable from your computer into the TV.  Next, goto your Display Properties and switch the monitor from Default to your TV setting.  It should work.i think you need an svideo card, you might need a graphic cardGo to radio shack and get a usb converter for the tv. Their like 45 bucks.usb converter for the tv windows xp onlyIf you have an s-video port on your video card and your tv has that input you can use a cable and directly connect them.  You can also buy converters that plug in where the monitor normally goes and splits to AV cables for your tv.  Those are the red, white, yellow cords.
Most cameras have a mode that has to be changed before you can view the tape.  Its usually by the record button, look for a mode that says "Camera and VCR or PLAY MODE.  Hope that helpsThree things have caused this to happen to me.. . 1) I stopped the playback screen, and started rewinding. I left it there for five minutes, and I couldn't get back to where I was. . 2) I was stupid enough at the moment to leave the tape out.. 3) It was on memory card playback mode, instead of on tape playback mode.. . But, I have a different model. It's a Samsung SC-D353.. . Also, it could be a low battery or a screwed up tape.
make the volume louder and if that doesnt work go to the settings part of ur ipod and raise your maximum  volume........ good luckbuy a power amp and some speakers and make your own sound rigfirst... if you have a decently new generation ipod...under settings on the ipod there is a maximum volume control  that your ipod has to prevent the ipod from going to loud.. it is a parental thing for all the kids who were getting hearing problems....it is seperate from the volume control that you can change during the song playing... if that is the case... then i suggest only putting the volume at or a little above half way on the full volume scale.  it is the best sound quality without distortion
A kicked up version of an MP3. I assume it holds more videos, songs, etcMPEG-4 Part 14, formally, ISO/IEC 14496-14:2003, is a multimedia container format standard specified as a part of MPEG-4. It is most-commonly used to store digital audio and digital video streams, especially those defined by MPEG, but also can be used to store other data such as subtitles and still images. Like most modern container formats, MPEG-4 Part 14 allows streaming over the Internet. The official filename extension for MPEG-4 Part 14 files is .mp4, thus the container format is often referred to simply as MP4. Devices that play .mp4 files are referred to as MP4 players.
the wma file is a little smaller then the mp3. the mp3 also is better quality. if u download go for a mp3fDigital Rights Management software embedded into WMA files is what mostly differentiates the two.
just use the usb cord and connect your psp to your pc. then just click and drag the songs you want onto the music folder on the psp.i think u can connect through usb directly or take out ur memory card and do ithook it to your computer or get limewire ok
You have to unscrew the 2 screws under the screen on the silver plate then just pop it out and back in and u have a brand new SK2.  You will need a new screen ( ebay one if you want ) and a Torx6 Screwdriver.  Just be careful with the ribbon cable.I also have a Sidekick2. Do you mean the screen is broken off, or that it's not working or??. . You can  try going to the Sidekick forums on hiptop.com
the only way i know how is by text messaging the pictures to your email address. its like 25 cents per picture though... well at least thats my service.Well it depends on your phaone and computer.. If both your phone and computer have bluetoth, you dont need an aplication.  Send the image the same way you would to another bluetooth-enabled phone.. . If you have infrared on both, use that.. . Now, if yor phone doesnt have IrDA or Bluetooth, you can either use a cable, or as other people said, send it to your email and save it...which actually turns out to cost a fortune.You can send a picture message to your email.  Or depending on what carrier you have, you can upload to an online album...
Night vision glasses are used at night time. You look through the lenses. You would see movement of one person or two people or more by body heat. They are usually in red, yellow or green. They're used in spying and for private eyes. How is this a music and music player question?They amplify the little light that always exists even during the darkest night.. . Night vision goggles should be sealed off around the eyes as any light intruding from the sides could ruin the effect.. . Also, if you look at a bright light with night vision devices you could hurt your eyes because the light will be so strong.. . Fun fact: With most night vision goggles you can't see what's really close to yourself (or it becomes very distorted), so walking while looking down at the ground can be quite a strange experience.. . ----------. Edit: The poster above describes a thermal vision device.
The short answer is everything should connect to your home theater receiver.  I have my satellite, VCR, DVD player all connected thru my ht receiver. I just used the regular HDMI cable to connect to the TV.Generally speaking it is always best to hook the video outputs of your components (cable box, dvd player etc.) directly into the video inputs on your TV, and then take the audio outputs, preferably the digital audio outputs, from your components and wire them into your surround sound systemYou had the answer all this time.. You should connect the cable box and your X-box to the receiver first, and then to your TV. And yes you should need only the one connection from the receiver to the TV, just make sure you change the input mode on the receiver every time you switch from cable box to the game box.
call 911 and repeat the question, dey always knowThat's "an" electronic combination lock.. . And "have" to either pick the electronic.... . And ATM stands for Automated Teller Machine (or Automatic Teller Machine) in which case saying "atm machine" is redundant.. . Considering your lousy command of the English language, I think you SHOULD try to break into that ATM.  Try using a blowtorch and crowbar.. . You DO know that all ATMs have cameras installed, right?If it's a PIN number you have to enter, go get your Oxyacetaline Blowtorch because you're not getting in.. . If it's a magnetic lock, there are ways of bypassing these by creating a special electronic device.. . Go to google and read up on magnetic locks if you need to break one of these.
you used the same button you use to turn on the speakerphone. i have one of these phones and they are NOT user friendly at all! i will never recommend anyone to own on. give me a nokia any day!You press the same button that you pressed to turn it on . it is on the left hand side ( when the phone is open )first button hold that inIf you mean the speakerphone as in the Voice Command thing, just press Cancel or close your phone. If you mean the sound, press the bottom button on the left side of the phone until it's silent.
if you have TiVo there is a way you can if you home network itI have the digital cable dvr and I just use a firewire cable. No need for all that extra crap, like making a network.
no way,unless its designed to read themThis depends on many things, what mp4 player uv got, what computer uv got, whether ur using i-tunes or not and whether you downloaded the videos from something like Limewire or something like the i-tunes store, If ur using a Mac then I recomend  i-squint which will convert quicktime files and VLi files down to the size for ur mp4. Hope this is helpful. Sry if it isnt.
Simple... see your love one when you want to...3G (or 3-G) is short for third-generation technology. It is used in the context of mobile phone standards. The services associated with 3G provide the ability to transfer simultaneously both voice data (a telephone call) and non-voice data (such as downloading information, exchanging email, and instant messaging.Basically a 3G mobile phone has to do with the ability of the phone and the network to transport much more data than is capable on 2G networks. This opens up a host of applications like watching TV on the mobile phone handset, playing games with other users on the internet, being able to browse etc. Think of it as the mobile version of broadband internet, when compared to dial-up.
I am with you BrianK. They are too loud, way too demanding, and too tedious to use.because you have to have the person home to talk to .. . they are confining. . IT is so much better to IM or email. or texti dont know but i can tell you why I hate em!. . i hate em because if my telephone rings I know its a bill collector or tele marketer or something, all my friends call me on my cell phone so when my telephone rings i dont even answer it, i just let it go to voicemailWhy???????? because, the phone always rings when I'm brushing my teeth.......or....I'm on the toilet!!  sometimes I wonder if there is a hidden camera in my house...lolBecause you were disturbed. People bother you.Because they are invading your space and your solitude.
Get some RCA cables and attach the L and the R audio . out of your TV to the audio in on your stereo (you connect . the video RCA cable in the same manner) -and voila!. _. _. _the tv should have one red and one white audio out plugs.......and ur radio should have the same red and white audio plugs but input....just plug them together and it should work...You usually have to run the audio/video cables through a VCR from your receiver to get the sound to come out of your speakers. Most TV's don't have audio/video jacks to just hook up a radio to it...
Have to put all your mp3's on iTunes and sync it that way.. . :o)Well you need to install itunes and register ur ipod nano to the computer .... put all you r music files onto itunes , either by importing from CD'S or purchasing from itunes music store which can be accessed from your itunes library ! , Once all songs are on your library , Plug in your ipod via usb cable provided and it shopuld automatically update or selected 'Update' From the left hand side options list ! ... easy ! lol good luck xright click on the song (or 4 multiple songs: click the first one and then if they r in order, hold shift and then click the last one in the list you want) hover the arrow over SEND TO and then click ur iPod and then they will be transferd. idk how 2 on a mac compuer though. (ctrl.+click iz the same az right clicking on a pc)u need the itunes software. you can download it from here http://www.apple.com/ipod/start/ you just transfer you mp3 and then attach your ipod to the comp and it should all transfer onto your ipodThat's where its funny, you can't!!!
you should get an ipod nano in blue one that is 4 gigsI think that you should either get the the new ipod nano or the current ipod video with 60gigs because it is more for your money.. You could also wait a bit longer because ipod announced a little while ago that they are working on a new ipod video, where the entire divice is a huge screen and if you want to access the cilck-wheel all you have to do is touch the screen and it shows up making it a touch screen. in my opinion i would just wait until the new ipod shows up.buy a psp. It plays music, plays games, and you can watch videos. My friend somehow downloaded music videos and other weird videos. It has a plasma screen tv.I've got an i-pod 60G. The music quality is excellent, and the video quality good, although you have to protect the screen as they get scratched very easily.. The only downside if you live in the UK is that on the i-tunes uk website is that as yet they don't allow you to download tv shows/movies. Plus we pay the highest price for songs, videos and games.Ipods break easily. Scratch Easily. The batter runs out you have to order another 100 dollar one. Expensive. . Creative Zen Vision is what you need!MP3 Players are alot more verstile. They play WMA and MP3 files as well have an FM tuner.. They are also cheaper and you can use your own rechargebale batteries.. You can't say that about iPods.. This is what I bought....
Ring your service provider xAre you even going to be able to use it there?  I work for a wireless provider and to my knowledge other than Mex, Canada, and the islands like Virgin, Puerto Rico, etc, US cell phones will not work overseas because of the technology/software in the phones vs their towers.
Press the menu and center buttom at the same time for a few seconds and it will restart itself.Slide the hold switch forward then back.  Press and hold menu and center button at the same time until Ipod logo appears.  that's it.
Conditioning is allowing the battery to *completely* run down before charging again.  This is also called "training" the battery.  Typically this only has to be done once with modern cell phone batteries.drain life till its dead then recharge drain again then rechargeIts something that you may need to do for older phone batteries (Non Lithium).. . It's a time consuming process, but it is worth doing. You will notice a difference:. Drain your battery completely (until the phone powers itself off). Charge the battery for a long time (12hours). Repeat this process 3 times. . You can get battery conditioners that will drain the power from the battery and recharge both quickly and automaticely, but that is up to you.  Check Radio Shack or eBay if you wanna pay for one
Call Costumer servie.on your phone.Either do it manually by getting into the areas you have things in or a master reset of the unit. Contact your service provider and give them the phone type and they may give you the reset info. Or you can toss it out of an open window from 50 stores up.You will need to post more information, IE what make and model phone you have.Doing a Master Reset should do the trick but each manufacturer has different ways of doing it and without posting your make and model you wont get your answer here. After doing the master re-set, make sure you go through the phone and check to make sure everything has cleared. You still might have to delete some things manually
hddvd works on a infrared laser reader.. . blue ray works on a blue ray not red reader, because a blue light wave is shorter than a red light wave you can actually fit more data on a disc.. . there is talk that a blue ray disc could eventually be around 20-30 gig per disc as opposed to a red disk which is standard at 4.7 gig.. . this would mean you could potentially have full movies of hd images.Blue ray works on a blue ray not red reader, because a blue light wave is shorter than a red light wave. There is talk that a blue ray disc could eventually be around 20-30 gig per disc, while a red disk which is usually 4.7 gig.. . Hope this helps...
1. buy a bluetooth dongle, should be no more than 5 British ponds. 2. plug it into your computer, they are connected via usb.. 3. turn on your bluetooth on your phone.. 4.search for devices and your computer should come up..  . good luck.i agree with dani . , only if your computer has a bluetooth can you connect your phone to your computer witha bluetoothU cant connect ur mobile directly to ur computer unless u have some device.There is a device in market na?ed as Bluetooth u have to install the soft on ur Pc and connect the blue tooth of ur comp with ur mob.in this way u can transfer any file....... . .                                     integral
I have not seen the new dish, so I don't know if it has 2 or 4 lines coming out of it, probably 4.  DirecTv dvr's have 2 tuners so you do need a line for each tuner, plus one line to each of the other 4 tuners, 6 lines total.  I would suggest you get a powered multi-switch with a 4 line in and 8 line out for your system, I don't believe a 4 in to 6 out is made.  That is what I use, but a powered multi-switch cost about $125.00 and up depending on the make.You need to order a HDTV mulitswitch which allows up to 8  signals.  Channelvision makes a good one SAT-HD58. . . I have 3 HD DVR and 3 HDTV's and the 5 satellite dish and this unit work great BUT YOU NEED TO HAVE IT PROFESSIONALLY INSTALLED!!!!!!. . I put a link below for the website that I bought my from
Yes there is a "super HD" system under development, but no-one expects it to replace consumer HD for some time, if ever.  (It is being developed for medical and scientific uses.)  As with all improvements like this, there is a law of diminishing returns.  The better a system is, the harder it is to make significant improvements, and the cost of those improvements keeps increasing.  Many people feel that the improvement from ordinary TV to HDTV is only incremental and some don't even appreciate the difference.  It will be even harder to see the difference in "super HD" and it will cost a whole lot more.  We are more likely to see technology improvements within the current HD standards: better displays, lower cost displays, etc.I think the next generation of tv that would be way cool is interactive 3d tv where it immerses you in the film that you watch. Example: imagine been a side kick in ur favorite martial arts film ohhh man the future would be so sweeeeet.I had been watching a program called Daily Planet and according to them there is a super HD that is coming out. This type of system is supposedly coming out in Japan.they have HD dvd players that go with HD t.v's so maybe something that has to do with blu-ray. its the new technology in dvd players so maybe they'll have tv's that "enhance" the viewing experience of blu-ray movies
no, not on a landline,unless you have a gizmo...that tells you who it is!!!, but if you use a Broadband-phone that goes thru the computer, you have an online daily call-log...you might get the number...if they don't use caller ID spoofing!!There's no way  you can extract the number.  Some phone model has the option of not sending the phone number to keep the owner private.  . . When that particular caller makes a call try to answer to register the phone call and duration.  If you have a post paid plan then try to inquire about that particular caller information from your phone network company.  They may have the complete data from their database.No, that is why the number is private.  They don't want you to know who they are.not that i know of...sorryif u hit *67 to block a number i beleive u can dial *69 to find out the person who's number didn't come up.  or it's vice versa. i'm not 100% sure but that's what i've been told
If You Are Completely Convinced That Your PSP Analog Nub Is Broken, Best You Contact Sony For Assistance (1)... . If Your PSP Is Still Under Warranty, You Just Might Have It Fixed/Replaced For Free, Otherwise, You'll Might Have To Pay A Fee For It... . Remember: If You Try To Mess With The PSP Yourself And Fix It, Trying To Open It And Modify It Will Void Your Warranty... . For Any Other Help, Don't Hesitate To Contact Me!If the analog stick feels 'crunchy' the internals are broken and you'll have to have a new one installed. If it still feels smooth you can try SLIGHTLY adjusting some of the case screws which won't void your warranty. If the faceplate isn't sitting exactly right it will mess with your analog contacts. There are two screws in the deep holes on the back of the PSP, one black screw in the battery compartment, and the outside silver screw along the edge, all of which you can remove or adjust without voiding the warranty. If it's still under warranty send it to sony, if not PSP Repair Service will fix it for $59 rather than Sony's $89 refurb exchange. Also good if you don't want your firmware updated :-)
ElaborateIs it V3 x or i I suppose i, you can install any thing by the computer lead provided with that or if not you can use Olympus digital camera lead. Any more query may be asked on naptune76@yahoo.co.uk
when the ipod is connected to the computer,it will appear in the itunes.give it a name here if you want.if you want all the songs in th itunes to go on the i pod,click on the edit icon,then click on preferences.a window will pop up,on the top,click on ipod,then check the automatic update box.click ok and voila!. also if you don't want all the songs in the itunes onto the ipod,individually click,pull and drop it on the ipod icon.. hope this helpsjust check the songs you want to go in it and plug the ipod to the computer
DVD-R and DVD+R are similar but different standards. They're the result of manufactures couldn't agree to produce the same kind of discs. Generally speaking, DVD+R appear to be a little better produced. I would use DVD+R to backup my data over DVD-R any day. Whether if your DVD burner can take a +R disk is really dependent on the DVD burner. If it says + and - R, then it can do both. If it only says +R or -R, it's probably only meant for that one kind. Hope this helpone is a + and one is a -. no you cantone is a recorder only and the other is a recorder + moreI've asked many a storeperson about this question.  They've all told me they're the same, but one is older.  It doesn't matter which one you use, you can use either, one's not better than the other.DVD-R (pronounced as DVDR or DVD "Dash" R) is a DVD recordable format. A DVD-R has a larger storage capacity than a CD-R, typically 4.7 GB (or 4.38 GiB) instead of 700 MB, although the capacity of the original standard developed by Pioneer was 3.95 GB (3.68 GiB). Pioneer has also developed an 8.54 GB dual layer version, which appeared on the market in 2005. A DVD-R can be written to only once, whereas a DVD-RW (DVD-rewritable) can be rewritten multiple times.. . --> http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DVD-R. . DVD "dash" (-)  . First DVD recordable format released in the market. Developed by Pioneer and backed by the DVD Forum. Has broader playback compatibility than the "+" especially with much older players. The dash format is based on an older CD-R/RW format for easy upgrade or migration for disc manufacturers. . DVD "plus" (+)  . Developed by Philips and Sony with their DVD+RW Alliance. Came out after the "-" format.Well, doll, it's a different format of recording, you must check you DVD recording states on this and if it's able to burn DVD -/+ R (this means it can record both formats) you better rec on DVD-R because most DVD players don't support the + format and such will be only playable on the recording player.Aw. That is so cute :). . There is no difference.It depends on your burner. Check the box that it came in and see if it lists both formats. Most new burners will support all formats if it's a good one. The only difference is, the +R will usually have faster burn speeds than the -R. At least that was true in the early going. They may be the same now.
Hard to do.. . If a vintage wind up, let the chime spring totally unravel, then advance the clock to the next chime coming, such as 4 bells, then rewind.. . If electric, and equipped with battery back up, remove battery and disconect power source.  This should put everything back in default and you can set and resume.Most electronics have manuals/directions on their websites.  Try the manufacturer's website and if you can't find it, try an electronics retailer like Circuit City.  They have a very extensive website that includes brand name reviews by customers as well as all kinds of other helpful information.  Good luck!
mikeywalker999  Is this about you!??. ??? http://www.osoq.com/funstuff/extra/extra02.asp?strName=mikeywalker999Through waves sent through the the air just like radio. But bluetooth waves only work well over short distances, (like from your pocket to your ear) They use them in fones because they use alot less power than radio waves.mikeywalker999 They are Talking about you...!!. http://www.osoq.com/funstuff/extra/extra03.asp?strName=mikeywalker999With blueteethThrough brain damaging radio waves.. . Radio waves are the future
try site atrochatro.comgo on to orange and 02 and t-moblie websites register which is free then you get free sms to send to uk mobiles orange give you 30per month i am not sure how many the others give but its got to be worth doing good luck xXxu can use the following link. www.smsstreet.comon the yahoo email , there is a bit where is says compose text message. just click on that and follow the instructions. its beside the bit where it says compose message or somethinghttp://www.smsnjoke.com. A huge collection of SMS, Jokes, Quotes, Oneliners, Shayari, Shayeri, Post your jokes, Post your SMS, SMS to india, Sms to Pakistan, SMS world Wide
convert any video footage to an acceptable format for the psp. http://www.pspvideo9.com/. . and via the usb cable, copy it to your memory stick on your pspok use a program called psp video 9 or any program which converts it into mp4. then convert it. then open up the psp folder. got to mproot. open the file name 100mnv01. paste the mp4 file in there. and you are ready to goyou can buy them at almost any retail store that sells videos. They are usually located next to the DVD section.
I don't really think that positioning is that big of an issue, the biggest issue that I have heard about regarding the Xbox 360 is overheating.  My suggestions to avoid that are as follows: 1-Don't keep the 360 in confined spaces 2-Look into purchasing the Intercooler that has been made available for the 360 recently as I've heard that it prevents a great deal of problems that the 360 is notorious for.keep it maintained as much as possible i guessI bought the Nykon intercooler for my husband's X-box 360.  He's almost had it a year now and had no problems.
Bluetooth. If you dont have one, transfer via bluetooth to any bluetooth enabled Nokia phone of your friend and then transfer to PChttp://yanswers.blogspot.com/2006/09/pc-to-mobile-bluetooth.htmlIs your Motorola blue tooth. If so buy a blue tooth dongle for USB port and you will be able to sync and download
Not sure what you are . looking for, but you can look . up much about HDTV on Wikipedia...There is no HDTV timetable.  There is a deadline for TV stations to stop broadcasting analog TV.  Those who want to continue in operation will broadcast digital TV.  Many stations are now broadcasting both on a digital channel and an analog channel; they will shut down the analog channel at the changeover date (early 2009).  Digital TV does NOT mean HDTV, and much television broadcast digitally is not HDTV. . . When the changeover occurs, analog TVs now in use will not be able to receive off-the-air broadcasts.   Adapter boxes (digital tuners) are supposed to be available for these sets at a low price.  This changeover will have no effect on people receiving their TV signals from cable or satellite.. . While digital television does not mean HDTV. in fact most of the digital broadcast will conform the HDTV standards.  Even now, almost all prime-time programs on the major networks and many on the smaller networks are in HDTV, and that is sure to increase.  It is up to the local station whether to transmit these in HDTV format, but certainly almost all of them will.The original time table was Feb, 2006.  This was the point in which broadcast companies were supposed to have HDTV channels up and running.  The problem was that not enough HDTV's were sold, so the broadcast companies didn't want to waste their money on upgrading.  Currently, all of the core channels like ABC, CBS, NBC, PBS, Fox and Warner Bros all broadcast in HDTV.  Through cable/sattelite, about 25 channels are currently being broadcast in HD.  Chances are these are all the channels you regularly watch.  December of 2007, nearly every channel will be broadcast in both HD and SD (standard definition).
You can't erase them directly from the ipod, but you can delete them from whatever folder it is in on your computer.  When you sync your ipod after deleting the pic, it should be deleted from your ipod.  same with songs.Connect your iPod, then select it on the left hand side.  Click the Photos tab, then uncheck the box for sync photos from.delete it from the itunes? i dont really kno i dont have ne pics on my ipod but my guess would be delete it as if you were deleting a song from your ipod....If you delete photos from your computer, and plug in your nano into the computer, it will erase the photos while it is updating the iPod.. . iTunes will automatically delete the photos when your iPod is plugged in.
You cant. The time comes from your service provider.You can't the time is generated from the computers that run the towers.  if your clock isnt' working on your phone then you need to take it to your service provider and tell them the issue, maybe a software issue.The time should change automatically.  Cell phones get the info from satilites, so even if you change time zones the time on your phone should be correct.  Call your service provider if the time is incorrect so they can find out why and fix the problem.
ipods are kinda gay because you have to transfer everything to the "ipod" format and then you can't move the files or else they won't copy... . . mp3 player rock because you can just click and drag media files onto it and it will work, also, when you're done you can just delete the songs off your comp if you want and the mp3 player will still play them.Only one difference. You can only play songs purchased on iTunes with an iPod. In other words, you can't play your purchased song from iTunes to other MP3 players.An Ipod is a kind/brand of media player that can play Mp3s. An Mp3 player is just a device.An ipod is a brand of a mp3 player. A mp3 player has many brands such as Creative Zen, iPod, Zune, and many many others.Nothing. iPod is just the most popular type of MP3 player, so people may refer to an mp3 player as an ipod.... Just like people refer to all facial tissue as Kleenex.. . Simon and Infernowolf are wrong. You can delete songs off you computer and an iPod will still play them. You can also put ANY type of audio file on an iPod or MP3. MP3s will play songs purchased from iTunes.
when you are logged into Msgr, go to preferences, general, and uncheck the box at the bottom that says " always sign into my mobile device"...that should take care of it !:-)Call your provider and have the service discontinued from your phone....Open your Yahoo Messenger.. Click on 'Messenger tab'. Scroll down to my Mobile Service.. Remove your number.. . OR:. . scroll down to preferences . uncheck the 'sign in automatically' box
zunes are the best check them out  http://www.zune.net/en-US/its not, most of the time mp4 players have more meomory and more things to do on them, look on ebay for some cool onesIt holds way more songs, and it allows you to organise your songs, but it's primary selling point is ease of use. You just put a CD into your computer, or click on the music store, and plug your ipod in to your computer, itunes does ALL the work for you. you could have an IQ of 5 and be able to use an ipod, most mp3 players are more difficult.by mp4 do you mean mp3?helll no mp3 is better!!!!!!!! ipod does hold more but thier models are crappy. Samsung yepp newest mp3 has a built in speaker. called k5MP4 is a DRM file format.  Digital Rights Management.  You know, the RIAA.  Stick with MP3 Players.The most powerfull music players are MP4 Players, Ipods are old, now the Mp4 Players are the future!. . I have an online shop, with Mp3 Players, Mp4 Players, Portable Media Players,MP3 Watch,FM Transmitters ... all at the lower price on the web, even on Ebay, or Amazon or other Online Shops Sites !. . You can buy an superb Mp4 Player at 99,95$ in my shop, and on Amazon , with 150$ or highter...!!!. . If you are interested please visit my site : . .   http://www.scibody.com/?wazzz  .  .  and buy the most powerfull music and video players.. . Thanks :). . If you have any question please reply me at: affgenbuck@yahoo.com  and I will reply you soon :)
do a search for ringtones.. they are all over the web, just stay away from the ones that force you to put in credit card info.. almost all sites give you ten or more free tones sent to your phone when you join.. good luck finding one that does not require credit card info.. Sorry I can't tell you which ones don't ask for info because I load mine myself.All these sites doesn't require any credit cards and you get at least 10 ringtones, games or wallpapers or mixed:. http://www.10-ringtones.com. http://www.10-movie-ringtones.com. http://www.10-game-ringtones.com. http://www.10-country-ringtones.com. http://www.10-hiphop-ringtones.com. http://www.10-rock-ringtones.com. http://www.million-sounds-ringtones.com. http://www.corner-bakery.com. . Used and still use them all by myself and never had any single problem, always found what i wanted.
Did you lend someone else? maybe that person delete it for you! who knows?Most probably it was an user error - someone actually deleted the pictures, either through the camera or through a computer.. . Have you lended the camera to someone else to take pictures or to see the pictures that were taken? People can be really, incredibly stupid ad times - someone might have accidentally deleted a few pictures.. . Alas, my brother once managed to delete ALL the picture of his trip... :)
der r many utilities available to reduce bitrate of mp3 songs. . search da net for software "mp3 shrink"You need Matchmusic Jukebox software. Go to File - Convert Files - choose the song you want to convert from MP3 on the first column (source track format). On the second column, you choose where you want to save the song (convert selected tracks), and how many kbps you want your MP3 to be (the lesser the poorer the quality).. Transfer it to your phone, and that's it.. ...but make sure - BEFORE deleting the original - that this new one is recognised by your mobile.If you download your songs on limewire or something like that, make sure u download a small file that doesn't take up as much room. You can also convert your mp3s to a smaller file type e.g- AAC, MIDI.... Hope that helps!!!!Hi, convert it to MP3 with a reduced bitrate. If it's already an mp3 then use another program such as goldwave to resave it in lower bitrate.
cingular, because most people either have that or verizon, and they always have cool phones, and your minutes rollover to the next month if not usedWell, it depends on where you live..., i personally like cingular because of their network ( i live in the middle of nowhere and cingular is the only one with service)  I like the gsm network.I have Cingular and the only good thing about it is that it has rollover minutes, the signal sucks, I say it would be good to get something that most of the people around you have, so that u can talk free mobile to mobile, but i think Sprint and Verizon are good. T-mobile has a lot of minutes so thats whats good about it... but i heard they have bad signal..
This is one of those "its just is" questions.. . I guess the person who came up with bra sizes isnt the same person who came up with the battery sizes.Those batteries were used for vacuum tube radios back about 80 years ago. Once they figured out how to use the tubes and other electronic devices to create the voltages they needed (in the 1930's), the batteries disappeared from retail stores. The B batteries were used for the tube output, or plate, and sometimes you'll see switches for the B+ on old radios (in old movies, too) that would let you put it in a standby mode to keep from running down the battery.. . The amateur radio folks used to have some good books on the ancient (but still useful) technologies...There is an A battery it's made by panasonic, part code hhr210A, 1.2v, 2100mAh. As for the B cell, I haven't been able to find anything about it.I would surmise it's historical. Since Size A and B were already taken, they were not reused, although it doesn't quite explain why Size C is reused. But it's a start...
I have a music studio program. From there I record my voice and tell the computer what format I want to save it in.I have a program called Cool Edit Pro 2.0 that will let you record audio and save it in my formats including MP3. It's a very good program and you can do a lot of stuff with it. I would try that.you can some pc program to do it, or you can get an iriver ifp-series mp3 player.  it has outstanding recording quality, as well as line-in and FM tuner recording.  A cheap one should only be $20-$45, depending on how much MB.  good luck!   PS (sigh) if you dont need/want high quality,  go to start/all programs/accessories/entertainment/sound recorder.buy a mp3 player.. (2gb in currys for £25) . and that has a recording feature straight to mp3...Old versions of Musicmatch Jukebox [free!] up to about ver 6 have a  direct recording facility.  Plug a mic into the PC, select mic in record options and go for it - but set your levels and select the mic input in system mixer under the record option display.. New versions don't have it, but you can get the old ones at oldversion.com.Honestly, i do not know. wish you luck.Didn't say what type of MP3 player, but this may work:. . http://store.apple.com/1-800-MY-APPLE/WebObjects/AppleStore.woa/6914002/wo/UL4M5g7S4pcw2i0szPb1CF0xcMy/3.0.21.1.0.8.25.7.11.0.3
call the cell from another phone and answer it. while the call is connected, go into the menu options and try them. sometimes attempting to bring up messaging options (checking or composing) first helps.take it to local market most phone stalls unlock phones. however some phones cant be unlocked just ask.You can check the following site:. http://www.trycktill.com/eng/unlock_swe.asp. . Know about unlocking at:. http://www.thetravelinsider.info/roadwarriorcontent/unlockingfaq.htm
Don't knowput your name on the no-call black list. . that new govnt law is pretty niceif your caller id has an 800 number on it dont answer it.go to www.donotcall.gov and you can register there.  once your register, the companies will have 31 days to stop calling you.  if they call you after the 31st day, you can file a complaint and they will be in deep trouble.  it's good for 5 years.. . i did it for my home phone 2 years ago and never receive telemarketing calls anymore.  i used to get those calls at least 10 times a day, everyday.
(m). . Single-sided/dual-layer DVD with 8.5 GB storage capability.It's a DVD that has two layers and holds more data than a standard DVD.
digital is prone to interference from the same electric (spikes) that cause computers to crash,running through electricity mains,causing a click and volume loss or picture (freeze)u could try buying a surge protected plug adapter that may help,also central heating thermostats when faulty can have a effect on (receiver) equipment.IE:TV or radio.intercom any thing that uses a frequency.also try not using the Ariel signal booster and see if the problem subsides.boosters are mainly for analogue reception to enhance UHF or vhf signals, digital is transmitted in blocks of information and decoded by your set top box ,in my experience boosters make the situation worse. if the Ariel is misaligned or weather beat the booster enhances the bad reception  to a louder brighter bad reception in analogue,and a complete overload on your set top box circuitry.if you are using freeview you might be gettign interference from some other device in your house.I developed this problem when I switched over to Freeview. Never had the problem with analogue tv but freeview/digital seems to do it all the time.they spent years getting analogue right now we have to start again with digital "its them" as we used to saysome programs do it to mess up your recording, eg music videos.on purpose
Why are you sitting so close to the TV?  I have an HD TV (Not quite that big), but the further away I sit, the better the picture is.. Put some distance between you and the screen and see what happens.  If still not satisfied, take it back like someone else suggested.You probably got a tv with DLP.  DLP technology uses mirrors to create a clear picture.  One of the downsides of DLP is that the mirrors can pick up reflections from the other pixels and create a shimmer [or screen door] effect.  It's part of the technology.Hi there. Your television should not be doing that, take it back to the retailer and demand an exchange, dont be fobed off with a repair....Why would you want to sit that close? You need to be at least 1.8m away to view that TV and closer and you wont get the best out of it.Im not too sure but you should be sitting further away than that for the sake of your eyesBecause you should have got a 42" Panasonic
There should be an option called "Lock Keys" or "Key Lock" somewhere in your user manual, please refer to it.  If we do not know what phone you have exactly (name, brand, model number) than we cannot help you.Lock the keypad.  There should be a menu function to have the phone automatically lock the key pad after a brief period of non-activity or you should be able to manually lock the key pad by pushing two keys in sequence.  All nokias that I have used use the menu key and then the asterisk key to lock and unlock.  Check your owner's manual
Easy take one floor + one sledgehammer + one phone = all crappy songs goneIf you've got a gallery on your nokia, then deletethem from there, that's what I did! xtake it into a mobile shop they will do it for you. worked for me anyway.
itunes is free. . but it costs 99 cents to download songs from the itunes music store. . it is a grat player 4 music and easy to usethe program as in the thing that stores and plays music. you dont HAVE to buy music, its not forcing you to spend money, thats how its free.. . if you buy an ipod you still have to buy the music.The program is free and u can use it to transfer the songs u already have on ur computer or are going to have on it to ur iPod. You can download itunes from apple website and it can also be included on a cd with the iPod u buy depending on which model u buy. What your friend is talking about is the iTunes music store that lets u buy every track for 99 cents but u dont have to buy from them and u wont get a coupon for free downloads from Apple when u buy the ipod. If you want to get ur songs LEGALLY u have to pay.
blue ray , cell and the motion controllers.Blu-Ray players are $1,000 and having a next-gen gaming system with 1080p graphics and a blu-ray player (which is brand new technology) and sell it for $600 it sounds like a deal to me . . including the fact that the PS3 passes the 360 and Wii on so many other levelsSony is actually losing about $350 per PS3.  They feel they will make it up through Blue-Ray.for what I understand it was very expensive to develope and if it dosent sell well then sony is going to be in big trouble. . . so the costs are to ofset the production expenses that went into designing it. . it will go down in price soon enough
iPod, USB cable, Dock, Manual and Apple Logo stickers and airbuds.a usb cord so you can transfer songs from the pc to the ipod which is also a charger, a belt clip, headphones, and a booklet.. . thats what mine came withbelieve it or not, Apple does not give you a charger, you have to charge it with a USB.. . take my advice bud seriously. . . before you impulsively barge into Best Buy and get an iPod because "Thats what everyone else has". look into some other options. . . like this http://www.creative.com/products/product.asp?category=213&subcategory=214&product=14331Ipod, Software, Sync Cable, White Soft Case.
The software that I have use to convert wmas to mp3s was Roxio. It is very easy to use.u can try audacity free and you can convert music to mp3, and i think you can convert wma, also you can edit.. . audacity.sourceforge.net/but you need an mp3 encoder. Google for LAME mp3 encoder
the USB cable will also charge your ipod through the computer..and all you have to do is save a playlist of songs and upload them onto itunes. when i got mine it automatically put all the songs on that i had already downloaded, so it should be pretty self-explanatory.Here we go again:. . Make sure they are in .mp3 or .aac format when you download them.. . Then add the newly downloaded music into your itunes library, you can drag and drop to itunes or you an use FILE - ADD FILES TO LIBRARY.. . Plug in your iPod with iTunes open and it will sync with your library.  If you have too much music in your library to put on your nano, it will create you a new playlist and it will sync only with this playlist.. . You are now good to go
The caller has the ability to use a unknown on calls to you.. Either landline or cell phone .There is no way to trace . an unknown called.Its a bummer but It is true.They may be calling you with a withheld number..If it carries on i would report it to your service provider. they may be able to intercept your calls first to track the caller down
For the obvious reasons, like lack of exercise.  But also because you are to an extent brainwashed by the media.  You get your view of the world influenced by the view of middle-class TV producers and advertising corporations.. . I think the media - particularly TV - has a lot to answer for, particularly in the emphasis in the programmes of today on humiliation and bullying.I don't think that TV is necessarily bad for you as long (like anything else) you use it in moderation.  If it causes you to adopt a more sedentary lifestyle it could cause weight gain.  For your children just make sure that they watch some educational programs as much as they watch anything else.E.I.R.. . . electronic income reducer.TV is not necessarily bad for you, but sitting too close to it or watching too much of it can harm you.  You should try to mix TV with other activities such as internet, reading, going to the pub (or youth group if you're under 18 ;)) and actually talking to people.. . TV is great for entertainment but shouldn't become a crutch for not experiencing real life.Because instead of watching TV you could be using the Internet which tends to have more intellectual content.IT IS??? MY GOODNESS. I THINK IT IS WONDERFUL.I believe that tv is bad for you because it takes away your time that could be devoted to something productive.  They're are people who actually schedule their life around tv shows, such as soap operas or football games.  I'm not saying it's wrong to watch tv, it's just important to not get so wrapped up in it that your family is affected by it.  This is the same with the internet and almost everything else in life.
try soaking it in alcohol and let it dry afterwards for a couple of days, listen alcohol bonds to water and dries quickly, dont be afraid to mess it up, you already did so chances are it wont start again, but i have had a 40% revival this way. good luck.The one and only thing you can do is soak is in WD-40 and then let dry [>day]Toast. Let it dryout, it will take at least a month unless you can open it to dry,, then charge it and turn it on. It might work. Don't get your hopes up though.The chances of your Ipod working again after being submerged in water are slim to none. Im unsure what Apples warranty states but I doubt it covers being washed.it definitely can work again, leave it somewhere really dry for at least  5 days. if you try to turn it on too early you can short it, killing it forever. once you are sure its totally dry, try it.leave it where it is  really dry for at least 5 days. if you try to turn it on too early you can short it, killing it. once you are sure its totally dry, try it.It is possible, however EXTREMELY unlikely that it will work again. You should dry it thoroughly, the best way being to simply leave it in a warm, dry place for a period of a few days. Don't attempt to turn it on while it's still wet. If it doesn't come back up after it dries out, there's likely nothing that can be done.Visit:. http://tech.yahoo.com/blog/null/6837;_ylt=AhoJf36e8c7NHiX_noBDwecSLpA5 for the most comprehensive answer.. . Also try:. http://tech.yahoo.com/gd/saving-your-laptop-after-a-spill/153194;_ylt=AgiWYVgPxsaW8HLUw11pGhISLpA5. . You may not be trying to revive a wet cellphone or laptop, but these articles refer to electronics in general, and it certainly wouldn't hurt to try a few of these methods:
The speed at which anything downloads is a function of many things - the speed at which the server is connected to the internet, how many other people are connected to it, also downloading, the traffic on the internet, and the speed of your connection.  You might try downloading at a different time to get better speed.  To register another ipod (shuffle or whatever) just plug it in to your computer and give it a different name.d
Oh, well, I'd just create new On-The-Go playlist matching the songs not in their right order. There's smthg like 'shuffle songs' in your iPod, but it's shuffeling all the song you got on it. :)In itunes view the songs by album, go to the songs in the album you want to change the order of.  Right click the first song.  Click on get info, then go to the info tab.  Then change the track number to the whatever number you want the song to play.  For example if you are looking at the first song on the album, but you want it to be the fourth song you hear, change the track number to 4, then go to the second song and change the track number again.  Do this for all of the songs in the album, then the songs should play in that order.   Keep in mind changing that order in itunes will not change it on your ipod, so change the track numbers on the songs in your ipod.  hope this helps.
Basically they are the same thing. iPod is a name brand.mp3 can store music and info. ipod store miusc , info, movies, etc...about $100an mp3 player plays music. an iPod is a type of MP3 player! ipods are the best brand!basically ipod is a brand. Ipod is a device capable to play audio and video.While mp3  used only for audio filesThe term "MP3 Player" literally means that it plays back files called MP3's (Moving Picture Experts Group Layer-3 Audio, if you want to know the full name). An iPod is a brand of MP3 player made by Apple Computer. Tehre are many other MP3 players out there, however iPod is most likey the most popular.. . By the way, many MP3 players can play other file types. An MP3 player has come to eman a device that plays music, and sometiems pictures and video.theirs no difference, its just the name or brand is different.an iPod is just a brand name for the apple mp3 player (iPods have more accessories than most other mp3 players - it also has a variety of gb space - 1 gb to 30 gb)an mp3 player is anything that plays mp3 files. an ipod is just a brand of an mp3
Not sure that you can do it free from your phone, but you can send for free over the internet to a cell phone.. . http://www.smseverywhere.com/. http://www.txt2day.com/. . I have never used these so I would be worried about giving any number over a computer since you can spam phones.if the person you want to send a message is nearby(10meters) all you have to do is this.. 1)type your message.. 2)if you have a bluetooth cellphone activate the bluetooth.. 3)tell the person whom you want to send the message to enable bluetooth in his handset.. 4)transfer the message by the bluetooth. note: games and other applications can also be sent by this method.. you can also use infrared technology  for this.There is no such thing as free anything in the US really, sorry we are just run on economics. However you can get a plan that has unlimited sms (text messages). Cricket wireless has a plan fro $50 and that includes "free" text messages. . . Hope I helped a bit.you mean sms you cant buddyget a service that includes free text messaging.Why would any company allow you to use their technology and equipment for free?  Just because you're nice?no such thing as a free lunch buddy
i know the creative zen microphoto can, but i have found that microphotos have issues. but i am guessing that the regular micro can and they don't have many issues.  you may be able to ask somebody at like best buy or circuit city, or somewhere like that if you can't find out on the web.  . good luck!uhh yes you can and its not true, the microphotos are very stable and donthave much issues,i own the zen vision m white and absolutely love it! its soo awesome and amazing, the screen is super awesome and is like a torch at night.
An iPod is an mp3 player.All iPods are mp3 players but not all mp3 players are iPods. iPod is just what Apple calls their version of the mp3 player much like Microsoft came out with the ZUNE. iPods are generally better quality and come in several different types (original, Mini, Shuffle, Nano, and video). iPods only down load (legally of course) off of iTunes.Popularity and Quality.a ipod is name brand and it can show vidoes also it sometimes can hold more songs and it of better quality but just sayin a I-Pod is a MP3 player just made specialnothing really, i think its just that there are more accessories for an ipod and ipods normally have more features.ipod is the BMW of mp3 playersAn ipod IS an MP3 player - and it can even play other files like .WAV files [and depending on the model even MPEG-4 files (MOVIES!!!)].. . If your looking for an MP3 player, an ipod is probably the best choice.. . The ZUNE will probably die off like all of the other ipod clones out there.. . Not to mention Apple makes the ipod which is awesome because they are one of the better brands of electronics out there and there customer service is fantastic.An Ipod is an mp3 player but it is made by Apple and you have to download your music through their Itunes site. Other brands of mp3 players like the Creative Zen Vision: M with 30 GB that my husband has is just as good and holds just as much as it's Ipod counterpart for the same money only you can download your music from a variety of different sites. The quality of it is excellent. Basically you are paying for a name when you buy an Ipod...you spend more money because people sometimes believe it is more trendy to buy something that has a brand name.iPod is an mp3 player, but most iPods have more memory and more features.the nameiPod is a brand name mp3 player made by Apple computers.  Its become THE name for mp3 players, like Kleenex is a name brand that is people use to refer to  tissues,, or Sheetrock is a brand name that people use to refer to gypsum board.. ipod and mp3 is the same thingiPod is apple's MP3 player. It can play AAC files, but if you want to play AAC files on another iPod, there's a loophole in iTunes that lets you play it on other MP3 players. Apple will be in big trouble if they remove the feature that made the loophole: CD burning. If they remove it, they can kiss my music buying there goodbye!A mp3 player is basically the same thing except it only  accepts mp3's..  an I pod is very popular.. but i haven't got one because i have a rocken cell phone with mp3 in it..   I would say the ipod is great i think they are neat.. but for convenience I like having my phone and music all in one less junk to carry around..An iPod IS an MP3 player.  The only difference between iPods and other MP3 players is the brand name. The same mistake is often made with TiVos and DVR's. A TiVo IS a DVR, just as an iPod IS an MP3 player, but the two brand names have become so popular now that people often believe they are another technology altogether. Don't be fooled. The only difference is that iPods are called iPods, and other assorted MP3 players are called by whichever brand makes them. Simple as that.. . (HOWEVER - obviously the user interfaces and some of the features are going to vary from system to system, but the main point I wanted to make was that the iPod IS an MP3 player. It just happens to be the most popular. And therefore, I would recommend it.)
Sony does NOT make any PDAs anymore. The ones they used to make were all Palm OS machines.No, Sony's PDAs ( Sony clie's) all come with Palm OS .
HD ready concerns the ability of television receivers to display high-definition pictures. In the USA, "HD Ready" refers to any display that is capable of accepting and displaying a high definition signal at either 720p, 1080i or 1080p using a component video or digital input, and does not have a built-in HD-capable tuner.. . The fact that a product bears the label "HD ready" does not necessarily mean that it can display the full picture resolution possible from a HD source. Most HD-ready sets do not have enough pixels (1920x1080 or 1280x720) to give true pixel-for-pixel representation without interpolation of higher HD resolutions.hd ready you need to buy the box to get hd hdtv has the box built in the tv
U need to Activate GPRS Connection on ur phone. So plz try thisYou need to have your service provider  activate your GPRS/WAP sim card in order to download stuff for your phoneGPRS/WAPenabled means your call plan must have it. As you did not mention your service provider, best answer would be: call your operator regarding this question or browse your service providers home page for additional info.. . BR,. Armands
ya archana u transfer it using bluetooth if u dont have bluetooth u load it using data cable because blue tooth can cause virus attack on ur mobile hope this will be useful-AJEETH KUMARuse a blue-tooth dongle. Connect to it and transfer.
I dont like fighting games much either. My favorite to play with my wife and brother are driving games. Burnout, Need For Speed, or Ridge racer are the most fun. You dont have to think too much and you have about the same amount of chance to win or lose each time.What kind of fighting games you hate?. . Shooter, just the classic punch and kill em, action?. . I suggest play Halo, your boyfriend will love it or you might also like it.. But it's kind of a weak BF and GF video... http://www.xbox.com/en-US/games/h/halotriplepack/. http://www.xbox.com/en-US/games/h/halo2/. . Go for Gears of War, its a horror action shooting game involving Aliens... I'm sure your boyfriend will hug onto you as you chainsaw off the aliens... It's originally a one player game, but it can be done as co op.. http://www.xbox.com/en-US/games/g/gearsofwar/default.htm. . Or you can play Project Gotham Racing, or any racing game, but I heard good things about PGR (2 or 3 , I'm not sure..).... http://www.xbox.com/en-US/games/p/projectgothamracing3/. . But I think if you like Mario games you should buy a Wii, it's a really good family console you can just pick up and play... http://us.wii.com/. . http://www.xbox.com/en-US/games/?WT.svl=nav
Get out your hole saw or call an installation spec or electrician. They have to be routed in the wall, for a prof look, a wall plate below the TV is the best.best bet is to tie wrap them together. it wont hide them, but they'll be less messy
I t might be damaged. You better ask for a new on for christmas!I have herd Pepsi works
u mean mini? or nano. i'm pretty sure there's no 2nd gen. miniI don't think there is much difference besides possibly size. I am not a mechanic who knows about ipods and thier parts though so I am probably not much help. =(
There is not difference, Its just a preference in words!! They both mean the same thing!!There is no difference. It is just that in the US they called the phones, cell's because of the way the networks are build, but in fact is the same device, like tube and subway.they are the same thing.  cell - mobile - wireless - celly - all the same
Optical zoom is the lens actually working to move towards the object.  It would be like you walking up to the object, you can still see fine detail. Digital zoom is 'Cropping', like you taking a picture, cutting out the area you want to bring closer, and stretch it back to the right size, witch will make it pixelated, and you won't be able to see fine detail.  My suggestion, turn your digital zoom off...you can always 'crop' later, on your computer or photo kiosk.optical zoom uses lenses.  Digital zoom uses microprocessors to enlarge a picture.  If you enlarge a picture using digital zoom, you'll start to see pixels.  Definitely get a handycam with good optical zoom capability.I would say no because zoom is zoom you know?Optical refers to physically changing the focal length of the lens where as digital zoom crops the image.  The more you zoom in with digital, the less the quality will be.  There is no drop in quality with optical zoom.optical zoom will not cause blurriness but digital zoom willBasically, optical zoom sees what you see, digital zoom uses a "magnifying glass" (for lack of a better word). When you use the digital zoom, you lose quality in your photo, because it makes up pixels. It's much better to use optical zoom - I never use the digital zoom on my camera.Optical zoom uses moving lenses to enlarge the image on the CCD sensor. Digital zoom uses software in the camera to enlarge the image already on the CCD. This is like zooming in on a Mapquest picture, or using the + magnifying glass on most computer picture viewers.. . Optical zoom and digital zoom can be used together to get substantial zooming (enlarging) capacity.It is the optical zoom that matters in a cmera lens. The more the better. Digital zoom is obtained by interpolation. This reduces quality of image. The normal advice is to keep the digital zoom off if you want good photos.OPTICAL ZOOM:. Optical zoom magnifies the size of an image by adjusting the lens. Unlike digital zoom, optical zoom enlarges the subject without sacrificing resolution.. . DIGITAL ZOOM:. Unlike optical zoom, which uses the optics of the lens to magnify the size of an image, digital zoom discards pixels around the edge of an image, fitting the remaining pixels into the same space to give the appearance of zoom. Since digital zoom comes at the expense of resolution, you should always choose a camera based on its optical zoom, not the digital or combined figure.
mp4 can play MPEG-41
Both are still easy to find, ill find both in any shop such as woolworths, hmv, virgin, PS2 games will never really decrease, they can still be playe don the new ps3 when it arrives here in march, the ps2 and ps3 will be way more popular, but games for xbox are still pretty high in most shops. The difference between the ps2 and xbox is that the xbox has a built in hdd [hard drive], meaning u dont need to buy an additional memory card as it can be stored on the xbox itself, alos, music can be played and stored onto the harddrive via transfering them using ur audio cd. Personally, i prefer the PS2. The controller is a lot more easier to get around.GET A PS2 THE XBOX IS STOPING PRODUCTIONS ON THE PORIGINAL XBOX SYSTEMS AND GAMES THE PS2 GET ANOTHER 5 YEARS BEFORE IT STOPS MAKING GAMESThe Xbox is more powerful than the Playstation 2 and has better looking games and a better online service, but the Playstation 2 has sold a lot more consoles and has a lot more games available for it.  You will have no trouble getting cheap games for both as there are newer versions of each console now (the "Next generation"  -   Xbox 360 has been out for about a year, Playstation 3 has just been released in Japan and US - but not avaialable in UK until March 2007. Nintendo have also just released their new Wii console).. . Check eBay for for console + game combinations, as many people who have either an Xbox or a Playstaion 2 will be selling them with their games to raise cash for the next generation consoles and you will be able to pick up a bargain.  . . Bear in mind that games for both the Xbox and the Playstation 2 will start to dry up as consumers move up the the 360 and PS3.  Both manufacturers have an interest in getting consumers to buy their new hardware, and developers will be concentrating more on the new consoles and the supply of games will trickle down to nothing for the Xbox and the PS2 in the next year or two.. . I suggest you try and play a few games on both console to get a feel for which you prefer, after all it's the games that matter rather than the brand name.  There are hundreds or games already released on both consoles.. . Either way, both consoles have a lot to offer (I've owned both) and you'll have a lot of fun with either!erm....well the PS2 is not half as powerful as the xbox is. and with the xbox you save games directly to it's installed harddrive, whereas with the PS2 you need a memory card.... . but there is a slight downside to the xbox, the games can be hard to find.. . I hope this helps you :)IF playing new games is important get a PS3. Microsoft has stopped making games for the xbox, so it's up to third party developers to make games, that number has been decreasing since the xbox 360 came out. The PS2 still has lots of games coming out, like God of War 2, and EA said they would make games for another 2-4 years.. If you get an Xbox you'll be able to get cheap games, but may not be able to still play them online. Halo 2 is the exception but most games, on either system, only are online for like a year and a half. With less games coming out, thats less games you can play online, and you pay $50 a year for online gaming on the Xbox, it's free on the ps2i dont know, what a hard question! i mean wowza, its like alice in wonderland kinda weirdnesswell, an xbox has way better graphics than a ps2, but coz of the new xbox 360 lots of stores have stopped supplying the games like woolies, for ps2 fans though coz the new ps3 isn't released until next year there are still tons of those games.
Output your audio signal from your TVs Aux out to a hi-fi systems Aux input. then use the TVs headphone jack.you need to modify the phone jack receptacle on the tv, so that it does not break the circuit to the speakers. since the phone jack receptacle includes a break make, switch function. so you can add a hard wire between both sides of the phone jack switch function, if your not concerned about a small loss in impedance matching. but unless you add an additional switch feature, you will lose the ability to mute the sound in the tv speakers, when the headphones are plugged in.. . and i might add there are potential leathal high voltages in a tv. so do more than just turn it off to work on the inside. by unplugging or the removal of batteries, if it is a portable. and still work in the inside with due respect. since there are still capacitors that may retain a charge.
u may not have been set up properly. with o2 u need to get settings from the websiteprobably doing it the wrong way.Probably no memory left
you can compare any phone at phonescoop . com. hope i helped :)all the different stuff it does and they way they looksome have gps, or mp3 players, or better functions
Look at what are the top songs at the music store. Those turn out to be the best songsput whatever songs you likeGo to Itunes, search for a song and click on Buy song. If you mean chosing what goes on your Ipod and what stays in the music library, just click the little check mark in front of the name of the song and the check mark should disappear and the song wont load onto your ipod, but you can always click on it again and the check will reappear and will load onto your ipod once you connect it to your computer.
1. Connect ipod to PC with USB cable.. 2  Click start copy - click my computer - click H300 (or your ipod id) - click record twice - click audio twice.. . It works for me.  Good luck!I think you need iTunes. . Connect your iPod and when it shows in the iTunes source list go to Edit>Preferences>iPod (iTunes>Preferences>iPod if you are on a Mac) and change the update setting to "manually manage songs and playlists".
I need . a little more information . before I am able to help you here.Not Listed
i have the same model dial *#1234...when it asks for unlock press 0000. it will get unlocked... othere wise without lifting the handset press *#1234.. . best of luckHi! I am not sure if you have resolved your problem? but I also have the same problem before, and I called up the dealer and asked for the code.
Htat is where the dogs has pee'd and marked his turf! Seriously!!!the blue dots are where your dog stopped to go to the bathroom and where they will go again when you pass through themThats were they left you a present!
xbox is gheyPoints are purchased through the Marketplace on your 360 dashboard.. . Yes, you can play NFS Carbon on Live.Real points are not earned, they are purchased. You can buy them from the XBL marketplace menu, 1600 are about $20 US. Or you can go to a store like Best Buy or Target and buy a card with a serial number. Enter the serial number into XBL marketplace and it will add the points to your account.. . Microsoft has hinted that in the future they will allow things that earn you points, but as of now there are none. One example they gave is allowing people to make skins for car games, etc. and sell them for a few points. The points are transferred to your account, which you can then spend in whatever is it that you want. They will probably use the points too as currency for the new video distribution service that will launch this week.. . The reason why you have to buy points instead of paying directly with a credit card? Because credit card transactions under $5 don't add up for Microsoft. By letting you buy the points you can spend them in things that would add up to less than $5 in real money. For example, gamer picture packs are 150 points, which is $1.87 in real money. Registering XBL Arcade games costs 800 on average, which is about $10, competitive against shareware flash games.
i have that phoneThe Bluetooth headset is simply not compatible with your phone.. Not all headsets are compatible with all bluetooth phones and vice versa. You should buy another one that workd with your phone and use that one.
What are "Regular Music Files" ?. . If you mean files from a CD, you need to rip them to mp3 using software such as Windows Media Player, or Yahoo Music Jukebox. . . If they are in another format, such as wma or aac, you will need to find mp3 transcoding software. Just do a search.i have an mp3 player that only plays wma and mp3. so i have to convert a lot of files. i downloaded a free cd ripper online, i usually just put the cd that i want to convert in, then choose what format i want. it saves the ripped tracks to a file, then i can just put them on my playerYou might wanna right click the music file and then, if it comes out, select "properties" and then change to your liking.
you have limited options. get a upconvert dvd player or a HD-DVD  or BluRay dvd player.. or just use a regular dvd player with component cables... the latter will have very little effect but its still something.. . . connecting your computer to the tv, to get the best picture, will require you to have a DVI port on your comp and have a DVI to HDMI cable to connect it.Try hooking it up to your computer
find where the files are located, then import them to itunes via itunes, and itunes will automatically convert them  to aac if they are wmv. hope that helps! ;-)You cant use WMP to transfer music to iPod.  You have to use iTunes.  Once you install iTunes, import all of your songs into the library (you might have to rename or clean up the song title/artist so it will be easier to search on the iPod).  Then connect your iPod to the computer.  Your iPod will show up in iTunes.  Just drag and drop the songs from your library to your iPod (or do a copy all)
Megapixels is the amount of pixels in the photos, memory sticks determine the amount of photosThe pixel count does not relate to how many pictures a camera can hold, per se.  We need more information and our time is apparently up.depends upon size of memory card for a 6meg camera at high res jpg takes 3-4 megs per shot so a 256mb card hold around 80 shots.In addition to the previous answers concerning your memory card, it will also depend on the setting you have the camera on. Usually there will be a few choices from economy, regular, and fine (or even super fine). Fine or super will result in the best photos for resizing later, but will also require more space. Go into the cameras menu to check or change your settings. If you have the manual for it, you can look in there for the specifics about each feature and how to access and change them.Depends on your memory, darlin'. I would suggest a 1 GB memory card; it'll hold about 700 pictures.Depends on the cameras memory card, the more memory the more photos it will hold.. Mega pixels are like lines of resolution in a picture, the more the mega pixels the sharper and clearer the picture.Depends on the memory card, also on what resolution you save the photos at, you can store more low resolution photos on a memory card then high ones, therefore if you only take high res pictures you will need a fairly large card, or you will need to offload then to a PC regularly.
S-Video Cable and depends on ur TV also, ur TV must be able to support S-Video as well...I think it's depend, is your th has RGB input? If yes you can connect directly using VGA cable, if not try looking what kind of video output does your laptop have S-Video or maybe video output(RCA), we can use all of this.Rather than Buying some costly hardware and paying for Cable fee every month , I would recommend that you check this out. . http://tinyurl.com/f5boc
...................... ANALOG WILL HAVE OLD TYPES OF VOLUME CONTROL AND OTHER FEATURES ..................... whereas digital will have chip movement and will have LCD display ................ and size may be smallerIt depends on the manufacturer and how they define the word digital in respect to their product.. It could just mean in the control circuitry alone, or it could be that the audio that comes in is processed with an A/D converter and then back through an D/A before amplification.. The manufacturer specs should detail this information.
I had a similar problem and it was because I ran a registry cleaner. It cleaned up everything, but reset all of the program associations.. . Go to the folder where your files are and right click on the file you want. Then click on 'Open With...'. If your Windows Media Player doesn't show up on the list, you can browse through your computer to find it.Lime Wire is an unstable program that has lots of bugs and ereors.  But heres how i do it......open the folder that contains the file that you want to use.  open the media player in front of it  on your media player go to library and all music drag the file to the midea player where it has the wider list.  Now every time you open your media player you will have that song in your libray.
usually your phone will have an email adress for this, 1234567890@mobile.celloneusa.com. thats the easiest way I know of.Both computer must have either bluetooth or infra-red. or you can use a card reader.. . if you have, just read the instruction, on the devices.. from your phone, just send it under the options in your phone
you push the # buttons to contact a person you wish to speak to then press the send (usually green) button. Put the device to your ear and wait for response.Just like any other.. Unlocked just means that you can put any SIM card in it, . (Tmobile, Cingular, other) and it will work.Pop in a SIM card and start callingYou need to make sure there's a sim card in it. Call your cell phone carrier and tell them you need to transfer the phone into your name. They will give you a code to punch in to turn the phone on and clear it of any past user info. Use the phone as normal.lol. you need a sim card to do anything.. go buy service somwhere and they give you one to put in the cell and then it works. good luck ^_^Some phones are locked to work with just one provider. Providers usually do that  to phones that they give you either free  or with a discount when you subscribe to their network.. . However, the lock is on the phone's software and can usually be removed through some special application. So if it truly "unlocked" you can use any provider.by pressing keys
the ps3 is pretty good, its worth around $100 than it should be. But, the blu-ray disk player makes it much more expensive, a normal blu-ray disk player is $500 itself, so it is a decent deal. If you are considering buying, and can wait, wait for the prices to fall, wait until march of 2007over rated, remote control cars are funner to play withGood for money, yes. (Merchant, sell it on eBay for 10x's the price) Good for gaming, no. (Same thing as a PS2, really)I bet so with high end graphics.dont know its not out yet
Go to www.tonethis.com and see if your phone and carrier are listed. This is a free download. You can use songs from your computer and pick what portion you would like ot use for a ringtone and tonethis converts it and sends it to your phone. If your carrier is not yet supported, you can save the dowload to your computer and use the USB cable (or bluetooth if you have it) to put it on your phone.you should have memory reader, blue tooth reader or just a usb connector! dude your phone must have a guide or an installer if it can store mp3. but if not, try the 4th to 12th word i just typed!
On the bottom or side of the camera there is a little flap that you probably won't notice until you see a slit thing. Open the flap and push the card in face up. Press it in until it is totally inside then close the flap. To take it out push in kind of hard and it will pop out.open the battery compartment - you usually slide the card in next to the battery.. . read the instructions.read the instructionsTheres several little flaps or doors that open up.One is for the batteries and the other holds your memory card.When you open it up you'll see a little blue "card" abpout the size of two postage stamps.Push it in gently and it should click out.
I think its for the settings ie: time and date, screen size, language. so they dont reset when you unplug the console.the battery keeps all the data that is saved in side the ps2 memory such as time date and language. This saves when the ps2 is unplugged and turned off
try guba.com i download movies from there free like. . anime or funny clipsYou have to get the "Golden Psp" to do that.Open the web browser and go to PSP web site you can download trailer and photos and the demo from rocoloco.
I have seen the commercials, and I'm not really into game systems and video games, but I must admit they do seem a little silly for such a high end product. I really don't understand what the baby/doll commercial is all about.because they want dumb people 2 buy them, i guess. because all the dumb people understand those commercials. or do they? they probably did to 4 the dumb people 2 say "wow! it's shiny. i want it!"One word: Sonythe play staton 3 mit be lameBecause it doesn't really matter how good the commercials are... People will still line up and overpay for it...no clue. that one with the weird baby doll... that one really bugs me.I agree. Makes me not want to buy it
You can get from(www.eserviceinfo.com) . Good luck.Sony.com.   You can find all replacement parts there.I'd give you the website and passwords....but then I'd have to KILL YOU!!. . What's good about being dead....when you can't watch TV.. . Just call your local Sony Authorized Service Center, they'll PROPERLY repair the problem for a competitive price and you won't mess up the TV set, ruining the copper traces or breaking the new $40 parts you just bought....and you'll need 2....yes 2 convergence amplifiers!
Interlaced versus progressive scanning. Basically, the way the television refreshes its picture. Some people, usually tv salesmen or "audiophiles" that think $1,000.00 interconnects are worth the price, will swear that progressive(usually more expensive) is better, but there are advantages and drawbacks to each system. If your tv lets you choose, try switching back and forth to see the difference. I personally would not buy a television based on interlaced vs progressive scanning. Too many other factors contribute to picture quality.i stand for interlaced and p for progressive. To produce an image in screen TV usually do that by scanning from top to bottom left to right.. For interlaced to produces one picture, the scanning process takes two times first it scan the odd lines and than the even lines.. For progressive only need one scanning process.
you up load the music on to your computer the disc drive so it is on your computer THEN you download IMUSIC and but a bing but a boomRip the CD onto iTunes and then it will be in your library. Then just synch your iPod with your computer and the songs from the CD will be on the mp3 player. To synch them: When you put the CD in the disk will appear in the left hand column iTunes. Click on it (if you are not automatically taken there) and then click "import CD" which should appear in the bottom right-hand corner. to update the iPod (I assume you all ready know, but if not): you should be able to just plug the iPod into your computer with its provided USB cable and it will synch automatically. Often it helps if iTunes is all ready open for the sake of time it takes to load.What i would do is put it on my i-tunes on my computer and then hook up the i-pod to the computer and download it. But i have a newer computer....i dont no any other way
just go to camera.                 options.                 there should be a button there for u to shut off the sound.In most phones (like my k750i), u can only change d shutter sound...not kill it off. what u can actually do is put ur phone in silent mode b4 u begin d camera mode, cheers.
i would usually stick to name brands... they seem to always be on sale anyhow.. ive had good luck with memorex and maxell.. also sony brand an imation.. verbatum as well... if you keep getting error messages... try burning at a slower speed.. like 24x... you are less likely to get errors. good luckMaybe the problem's with the writer. I use all brands all the time, and I don't see a difference. Anyways, just my 2 cents. . . P.S.. is buffer underrun protection active?YES.. THERE ARE CD-R THAT MEANS YOU CANT RECOPY IT IF YOU MASS UP.. THE BESTA RE TO GET ARE CD-RW SO IF YOU MESS UP YOU CAN REWRITE THEM... BUT THE NAME BRAND IS MAXELL......................................i think you've answered your own question, no?
powered (or active) speakers amplify the sound - which for mp3 payers and computers is important. Needless to say powered speakers need a power supply - non powered ones are called passivea powered speaker has a built in amplifier.I would say one has voltage and the other does not.
Make your own ringtones. . 11/11/2006. . . Custom ringtones are the preferred way for many people to express themselves. Cellular providers love this trend. Ringtones sell for up to $3. And some kids and adults change their tunes every week.. . If you have an MP3-capable phone, you don't have to spend on ringtones. With a few steps and the right tools, you can make your own.. . First, you'll need software to cut ringtone clips from your digital collection. Most phones only play ringtones for about 20 seconds. Whole songs are wasteful. I'll detail instructions for Audacity, which is both capable and free.. . Set up Audacity. . You can get Audacity through my Web site (click here). Audacity requires a separate LAME encoder file to work with MP3s. You can download the file through a number of sites. Click here for the file recommended by Audacity's developers.. . Save the LAME encoder file in Audacity's folder, typically C:&#92;Program Files&#92;Audacity. If you downloaded a compressed (.zip) file, decompress it. In Windows XP, right-click the file and select Extract All.. . Older versions of Windows can use programs such as 7-Zip (click here), BiGZiP (click here) and 100Zipper (click here).. . Open Audacity. Click Edit>>Preferences. Select the File Formats tab. Under "MP3 Export Setup," click the Find Library button.. . Audacity will prompt you to locate the LAME encoder file. Click Yes, then locate the file in Audacity's folder. Select the file and click Open. Now Audacity is ready for MP3s.. . Cut your ringtone. . Load your favorite MP3 into Audacity by clicking File>>Open. You'll be prompted to locate the song on your hard drive. You'll see a timeline paired with what looks like the screen of an oscilloscope.. . By default, Audacity fits the song's entire playtime into the window. For precision editing, click View>>Zoom In. Each time you zoom in, the timeline will become more precise. A timeline marking every second or every five seconds will do.. . Finally, it's time to cut your ringtone. Press the Play button in Audacity to listen to the MP3. Note which 20-second section of the song stands best as a ringtone. Pay attention to that section's place in the timeline.. . Highlight the section you want in the timeline. The process is similar to selecting text in Windows. Press Play and Audacity will play only that section. You can adjust the start and end points of the selection.. . Once you've got the sound clip you want, click File>>Export Selection As MP3. You'll be prompted for a location to save the selection. It's also a good idea to change the file name. The name should distinguish the sound clip from the complete song.. . That's all there is to preparing the ringtone.. . Getting the tone to your phone. . An easy way to get the ringtone onto your phone is via e-mail. Check with your service provider for your phone's e-mail address. Simply e-mail the ringtone from your PC to your phone. Many phones also accept Bluetooth wireless connections. However, the same cannot be said of most PCs.. . You can also transfer the tone by connecting your phone to your PC. Some phones connect using a USB cable. The cable is usually included as part of mobile toolkit software.. . Web sites also let you upload ringtones from your PC. Then, use your phone's Web browser to download the ringtone to your phone. Be careful using these sites. Most require an e-mail address to register and use it to send you spam from the site.. . Finally, check your phone's data plan. Sending and receiving ringtones can push you over your limit. Extra charges may apply.go to nextel.com and download them or cut your ownLook for a program called labjal or webjal they are both free and even Motorola offers some free programs that will save your contact list or upgrade your phone software. After you do that look for the drivers for the phone because you will need them to connect your phone to the computer if not it will not recognize it.. If you cant find the programs let me know i will get them for you and rings and games so you can hook up your phone.. Go to the websites below and you will find the programs i have mention here or at least most of them.
No. To turn it into an mp3 player, you'd have to add a power source, some circuitry for an audio-out, and embed some software so the pen drive could actually play mp3 tracks.yes you can the way you can is that you would download songs then from the your pc pu it into your pen drive after you are done then insert into a pc then play your musical tunesi don't think you can.
I don't think the usb port on the E is capable of supporting any function beyond synching with a PC and charging the battery.  You will have to upgrade to the E2 to be able to buy/use communications accessories.  And once you have done that, you've probably spent  nearly as much as a Tungsten Tx with communications built in.If your PC has built-in bluetooth on it, connect your palm to your pc using bluetooth. If not,buy for it a bluetooth usb adapter.
Instead of buying new batteries all the time you recharge them. My family has saved hundreds of $ because of rechargeables.Rechargeable batteries are able to recharge around 600-1000 times, therefore most rechargeables recoup the extra cost and the cost of the charger within 10 or so uses.
A podcast is a multimedia file distributed over the Internet using syndication feeds, for playback on mobile devices and personal computers. The term, as originally coined by Ben Hammersley in an article in The Guardian February 12, 2004 [1], was meant as a portmanteau of "broadcasting" and "iPod".[2] Like 'radio', it can mean both the content and the method of delivery; the latter may also be termed podcasting. The host or author of a podcast is often called a podcaster.. . By the way, why didn't you just Google that?a crisp way to describe the technology used to push audio content from websites down to consumers of that content, who typically listen to it on their iPod. It's usually a talk show or radiio show you can listen to on your ipodA free radio program that is recorded with no commercials can be found on itunes you can hear a samples.It's for your iPod (you can listen to them on iTunes too. It's kind of like the radio, but they're more like lectures and informative articles (spoken of course). Some examples of Podcasts are National Geographic (types of animals generally), there's 1 for SAT/ACT/GRE prep to improve your vocabulary, NPR: All songs considered, and Wall Street Journal.It what you do to your iPod when the battery dies (just after the end of the warranty).. . Best results achieved from rooftops.
well it mite cost alot but just go to sprint.com then look up the phone then it say buy without activation then buy it then go to a sprint store then get it ativated and ask for prepaid i did it before but not with that phoneSprint does not offer pre-paid. (Boost, etc. run on their network an do, but the Fusic is not compatible).. . You can go to a sprint store or sprint.com and purchase the phone full-price without a contract.You might want to see if the Fusic is available with prepaid service which does not require a contract.. . Also, most companies will sell you the phone without a contract for post-pay service, but you would have to pay the full price of the phone which can be much more than the contract discount price.  If you did that though, you might still want a promotional price plan that would require a contract.
Is 19 china country code? if yes, you can try +19 phonenumber. Unless you're using some 3rd party company for long distance discount. You might want to contact your provider.first dial the code and then the number u wantYou buy a calling card and then use it. First dial the China country code and then the number that you are calling
LCD or DLP? "The answer: It actually depends on the application(s) for which you intend to use your new DLP TV or LCD TV. Part of the reason has to do with basic mechanics: LCD and DLP technologies differ greatly in how the image is generated." Check out the following link which discusses the benefits of both.who told you LCD is better.. Actually each has their own advantages and disadvantages.. DLP picture is better (smoother) but the color is worse since it uses color wheel. LCD color is better since it usually uses three LCD for each basic color.Actually, DLP technology is better than LCD...The DLP will offer better "black levels" (this means that shadows and the bars at the top and bottom of your "cinema scope" movies will appear black and NOT gray)...Some LCD projectors are trying to correct this problem with an IRIS over the light bulb to reduce the amount of brightness from scene to scene...Also the newer DLPs with the FASTER spinning color wheels deliver SLIGHTLY better color...But as for SHARPNESS and DETAIL both projectors are evenly matched.
from what i understand itunes has to be running while you charge your shuffle.  if that doesnt work i suggest going back to the apple store and get a new oneIPODS SUCK. end of story. GET A ZUNE. BUHANA KNOWS ALLthats probably befcause iPod shuffles SUCK!i have one i plug mine in to a USB and it has an orange light. it might not charge on his..it's not the iPod shuffel.. it's his computer i think that u should take his computer some were, were they can see what is the problem with it because i have a Compaq 2002 model and it lets my iPod shuffel charge and put songs in it.... so, i dont think that there is something wrong with the iPod. that's all i can say... because if it works on your computer and not his.. then, like i said u gotta go fix his computer.
To erase and reburn you need to use a RW disc. a DVD-RW for movies and CD-RW for audio. RW stands for RE-WRITABLE.. On a standard disc (CD-R, DVD-R) the R stands for RECORDABLE.no you cannot dvd -r and dvd+r are record once only discs .. . _dvd-rw and dvd +rw can be recorded on and then erased.. . dvd ram discs can be recorded and erased also they can be edited meaning if you record something say of tv you can remove adverts etc but not all recorders and burners are compatable with dvd ram.. . hope this helps bob the blade
Yes, they Infrared LED's can pick up heat/motion and trigger the camera to turn itself on.  This works the same as a alarm system in your home.I believe that they are used for motion activation. Meaning, the camera isn't recording until something comes within range of the motion sensor. I could be wrong, but I think that's what you're looking for.
Player - First light top left/ 2nd player - top right and round it goes.. If its not lighting up when you hold the X button down then you need a new controller mate yours is faulty :)You may have to press and hold the on button and then the circle lights on the controller and the console should go around circles until it connects.  I can't remember which quadrant the second player is but the one that is lit up on the controller should correspond with the one lit up on the console.to connect a new controller 1. press and hold down the power button untill the controller turns on 2. make sure the power is on the console 3.press and release the connect button on the console 4. press and release the connect button on the controller 5 after the ring of lights flash once the controller is conected
maybe they are too big for your memory on your phone?could be one of a few things: file too big, currupt, virus, wma.... many phones will not play wma files,,,. check the item info' and find the file type.. x
Which phone are u using? which model and year of make? ur phone may have been hijacked.Have you ever noticed that even the message delivery time shown in your mobile phone is much different than the actual, more particular with Hutch. Don't worry, what i believe is that when the call centre and message centres send us the calls and messages after processing through their computers, the time we receive is the time stored in the computer machines of these centres as the actual (reprocessed) message is sent from their machines only.Caller ID devices only update the time when a phone call comes in on some models and phone systems..  It is not a clock.
If you have the AV cables for your camcorder, you can connect them to a VHS VCR's AV input and dub the videos over.. . or if you have the VHS cassette adapter, you can use two VCR.. . or you can choose to have it done by a video transfer service.  I notice that many drugstores such as Walgreens and Rite Aid have started offering this service - check at the photo department.SET, UP YOUR VHS-C TAPE TO PLAYED, USE R.C.A. PHONO. WIRES, OR YOUR S. CORD, CONNECT, THEM TO THE OUTPUT ON YOUR VHS-C PLAYER,  PLUG THE OTHER END OF THE CORD YOU USE INTO YOUR  V.C.R.  MAKE SURE YOU TUNER IS ON AUX,    PUSH PLAY ON YOUR   C.  PLAYER, AND RECORD ON YOUR V.C.R.  AND IF YOU HAVE IT HOOKED UP RIGHT, AND THE OUTPUT FROM YOUR V.C.R. IS CONNECTED TO YOUR T.V.   TURN THE TUNER TO CHANNEL 3,  OR  AUX,  AND YOU CAN WATCH, AS YOU TAPE IT   THAT WAY YOU WILL KNOW ITS GOING THROUGH,  YOU CAN ALWAYS TRY JUST A SAMPLE,  AT FIRST, TO MAKE SURE ITS WORKING,  IF NOT CHECK YOUR HOOK-UP AGAIN, UNTIL YOU GET IT RIGHT,   IT SOUND DIFFICULT,   BUT ITS NOT
try is link and buy a cordless speaker for your computer. . http://tinyurl.com/yzg9eeYou turn up the volume really loud.  You can also go to the mac store or mac.comconnect to an amp and then speakers. You can blow the doors off the house if the amp and speakers are any good.Wireless headphones. I would recommend Sony or Bose and if you have a Bluetooth capable phone then you can get a pair of Bluetooth headphones they work with the phone for talking or music and also connect to PC, TV, mp3 players, and a few other devices I think. If others may be listening too then wireless speakers are an options again I would recommend Sony or Bose.. . 30 ft. is Bluetooth's range but I've had my earpiece work as far as 45ft.
many ways just depending on which software you are using.. if you are using windows media player, it will recognize it and then just click on sync and it's basically self explanatory from there.Most players will allow you to put music on the player without using management software.  Plug the player into you USB port and open it in "my computer."  drag and drop whatever music files you want into it.  Done!
I personally think its quiet silly. I've read that there are only a certain number of PS3's coming out, but that there will be more. So, why not wait? Save yourself the trouble and just wait until more comes out. Waiting might also save you a couple of hundred dollars.. . I'm going to wait a cpl of years when the price drops. The reason the price is so high now is because that's the highest they were able to go and still be able to sell them. They are actually going to be losing money until a certain number of them sell.. . FYI: 20GB will be $549.00 whereas the 60GB will be $659.00. Too rich for my blood.Yeah, but people in this world are that way.  I plan on buying one when the price goes down.  I'm not THAT desprate for the game just yet.xbox 360 is better, I am not paying 600 dollars for that peice of junk when I could get an xbox 360 and nintendo wii for the same price.because everyone will want one and you should get one before they sell out!Because you want one.. Greed? You can only buy one!Because its the hottest product in the world right now. and if you manage to get one you can sell it on ebay for more than double what you paid for it.You think you'll be able to get ahold of one otherwise?  If you don't camp out or didn't reserve one, I highly doubt it.  There always seem to be "shortages" when new consoles launch.I don't think people care if they are showing greed or not. But it's true, I don't really see what the point is. Who cares if you're the 'first one ever' to get their hands on a PS3? The prices are just gonna go down after a while anyways, so I still don't see what the point is.it's not greed, it's dedication, though very poorly planned dedication. Sony is seriously pulling some serious Hara-Kiri by releasing a system that's had very minimal testing with a technology that has had barely ANY time to intigrate into mainstream technology (Blu-Ray). Nintendo, on the other hand, has been in the game business for years, has the cheapest system on the market, and has plenty of good and entertaining games coming out, as opposed to the PS3 that has about 4 or 5 good launch games that are about 70 to 80 bucks a piece.It's 500 dollars minimum!  Just dumb.  My pregnant friend just lost her job, is on unemployment (800 less than she was making in a month), and her husband is thinking of using their savings to pay for a ps3.  They were living paycheck to paycheck before, and now they have even less the income and want to spend more money!! With a baby on the way!  She needs help... they're def not ready for a kid....  but damn I guess he needs that ps3.  :(
It could be your sleeper timer or the on and off switch.ohhh, sounds like you have a ghost!!!check   Sleep Timer setting ?    I had same problem with my zenith  TV,Sounds like it is time to call the TV repairman.
sometimes if the set is on standby a small power blip can turn on a tv and because you did not use the remote control a station wasn't selected. with most modern televisions if no signal is received for a set period (usually 5 minutes) the tv will turn off automatically. the time this has been happening would support the "power blip" theory because power stations usually change generators in the early hours and this creates a minor blip.Some TVs have a "timer mode" that turns on the TV at a certain time, just like an alarm clock rings at a preset time.. . Go into your menu....look for the clock page, you will find a Time On with 3:00 on it....there should be an ON /OFF command on the same page...... If not, then advancining the time should eventually show a 0;00 or "none" in the list....just depends what the brand name is..... . I'll bet your TV is an RCA.....This happened to me before and it spooked me too.  I have heard that remote signals can be universal like garage door openers if they are not programmed right can open someone elses garage door.  It may be that your TV caught a signal from someone else's remote?  How close are your neighbors?Try to switch the TV off from power button (not stand by mode), If necessary unplugged the Power/AC cord. If it still switch on after you unplugged the power cord than you can start to freak out maybe call ghostbuster or something.NO thats my late grandmother who told the space alien to say HI to you so then you can ask that question and i now know she said hi.
Do you have an international service provider?  Your provider needs to have plans in place with local service providers... they aren't going to let you use the service for free.just switch u sms chip to one of local ecuador call provider shall work just hope u current blackberry provider is not sprint, cause their phone has no chip.If you dont have an internation provider than its cause the area is not covered in Ecuador and other low techonology countries. So the company doesn't bother covering those kind of countriescoz there is no reception... . if there is the provider in ecuador doesnt support blackberry technology
yea just make sure you imported the cd first then just plug it in and it will update your ipoduse the cable the ipod came with and connect it to your computer while the itunes library page is open and it should automatically update your ipod.. . if not click on the ipod icon on the left of the screen in the menu bar and transfer the tracks.
If you believe your babysitter is cheating then I believe you should get another babysitter immediately.  After all if she is stealing you shouldn't trust her with something as precious as your child.X10. Under $100. Depends though on how many rooms you want to monitor.. Also, you could spend some more and get pan and tilts, control over the computer. Works good.. . Example:. The XCam2 utilizes wireless technology to bring you crystal-clear, vivid color, LIVE surveillance video right to your TV! It's the perfect surveillance solution for watching over your kids in the yard, hired help, car in the driveway or even a small business! Simply hook up the included Receiver to your TV or VCR, mount the tiny camera indoors or out up to 100 feet away and you'll have instant color surveillance video! No drilling, no wiring and no extra monitors required! All you need is this easy-to-use kit and your TV! Over a million people already know that the XCam2 is all the surveillance muscle they'll ever need. Here are some of the ways our customers are using it now:. . Mary from Iowa uses the X10 Security Camera to see who's knocking at the front door .. Tom from California improved the security in his backyard and driveway with X10 cameras.. Lori from New York watches her children in the playroom and front yard. . This one is $80I was in Walmart recently, and they now have surveillance equipment fairly cheap!. . Good Luck!If you plan on confronting  this sitter once you have concrete evidence that she is stealing, you are potentially opening yourself up to a lawsuit.  I recommend finding a sitter you trust.Isn't it a lot nicer to just change your sitterIf the baby sitter is stealing, why not simply get a new baby sitter?It depends on how much surveillance you need.  I know that there is a "Spy Shop" in town here where you can just buy those baseball caps with hidden cameras for $50.  If it's in one room you could just buy one of those and sit it on a desk or table or dresser! I mean you probably don't need anything very detailed she's probably the only adult there at the time so you know if a "tall" person (not a child) is grabbing something and stashing it ... it has to be her!
yes it will begood for christmas gift. yes it is woth the money. you can find it in. . best buy. walmart. game stop. circut city. targetThere good but get boring so save ur moneypersonally, I'd go for a ds if you HAVE to buy a handheld. simply because after playing a ds I found my friend's psp to be boring and unimaginitive.. . plus, if you already own a recent phone, you already have an mp3 player. and I'm guessing you own a dvd player, and there are more dvds than psp-movie discs, so the additional fuctions of the psp always seemed a little pointless to me.It depends on who you give it to.  I would give it to a Jr. High or High Schooler.  Some games are really violent.i think they're great, they play movies, music, games, and they're well worth the price, with the range of functions you can do with them, plus i got mine as a gift, and you can get em at just about anywhere with an electronics department!!very easy to find it is cheap its nice because it is Handdheld and it does not have han held graphics it has better graphics
absolutely nothing.. when you first boot up the DS. itll ask you what language. and english.. once chosen.. its like any DS.. only difference is that the box and manual is in japanese.. charger is the same..The default language used and the language used to print the copyright information (etc) on the back. Also the plug is slightly different (but still usable in both countries according to a lot of users). . DS games can be played in any DS from any country, they don't have regions like DVD players or television based units.
power buttonKaroke uses a particular "G" Disk only. Those are special recordings that have had the vocal tracks removed so that you can do the vocals. Hope this helps. Larry Radio Shack 01-9590
Isn't measuring the peak-to-peak voltages of sine waves enough fun for you?  Must you make games out of tools?First Create a Graph on a Copy, of a Usual Wave (you'll love the SineWave). Please Wake up Friend ! More than 90 % of the world, DOES NOT SEE ANYTHING CALLED AN OSCILLOSCOPE or ITS GAMES. They Work Like Beggars from MORNING to NIGHT for a MEAL. (pardon me for such a behaviour)U can use it as a car.  Just add few wheels. Good luck.
RIGHT CLICK TASK BAR , CLICK MANAGER , ALTER START UP OF POWERCINEMAIf you have Windows XP, insert any CD or DVD, click My Computer, right-click on your DVD drive (usually D: or E:), choose Properties, choose the AutoPlay tab, click on Prompt Me Each Time to Choose an Action, click OK and hopefully that should solve the problem. I think you might have to do this with CDs and DVDs separately, but you'll only need to do this once for each if you do.
you need to have the service- 3 way calling.  Then you call the first person, once they are on the line, push the flash button, the first caller will be "on hold" then dial the 3rd person.  Once they are on the line push flash again and all of you will be on the line....oops, I don't know how to do that via telephone, but you can use Yahoo Messenger Conference, make a conference and invite them , using voice function.
You can download a free program (Audacity) which males it easy to convert cassettes to MP3 files and burn to CD.. . If your PC has a sound card - nearly all do, just connect the two outputs from the cassette player into the "input" on the sound card.  You may have to activate that input on your sound card by clicking on the speaker on the taskbar and unchecking the "Mute" box for the line in option.HI Maragret J,. . Go to  Circuit City or Best Buy someone that sells stereo equipment  put tapes onto CD, this guy got a part   duh don't know name of it course some guy did them for me  all my records(vinly's) in CD's so selling my antique collection now! Can be done but he's outta  otherise I call & ask him! Tell  the guys what you trying to do or maybe some1 here will know what. Good luck & have a good day!
types of wire used.. insulation.. and stuff.. . . prob wont notice a difference.. but when my dads buys em.. he gets the 1000sMaybe the 800 is longer than the 600.. Or maybe the material they used to make the cable different, but I doubt you'll see the different in the picture when using 800 or 600.
go to a mobile shop . ask. if not get a sim card for that network.I read that there are still no unlocking codes for the Nokia n70, if you bought this phone with a service, then the service should be able to unlock it for you Either way, check out this website that may help:. . http://www.mobilefun.co.uk/I could not find anything on this request except for the web site below.. . sorry :-(i work at one of Leicesters top phone express repairs service business and i can tell u 110% that u cant!..if anyone says they can they're blagging it and are trying to con u...truth is there is actually no unlocking kit out for a platform of phones called the BB-5 platform. this is the same platform that the phones Nokia 6630, Nokia 6280 and Nokia N70 are on...the software or kit has been awaited by mobile phone traders for almost 18-20 months now...yet good news....word in the mobile phone traders world is that it should be out soon...hopefully before Xmas or early new year...if anyone else wants theirs unlocked leave me ur name n mobile number and i can text u with a notification from our business to let u know when it comes out :)..we'll probably be the first in the Leicester area in the UK :)
It really depends.  I own a 40" Sony LCD TV, and it has a beautiful picture, especially when the channel is HD.  But, they are expensive.  You are paying a lot for the name.  JVC isn't bad, but you should also look into Panasonic and Samsung.  If you have it narrowed down to either Sony or JVC, I would go with Sony, if you don't mind paying more.  Also, you can go to websites like circuitcity.com, and look at what people have said about those TVs.A Sony lcd tv has better picture. This is so because Sony is higher class company and owns a patent for some kind of screen imaging for lcd, that is why it is the best. For a plasma a Panasonic has some patent and it has the best picture.
Dive into the menu and find the ISO setting - crank the ISO up to 800. If your test shots still come out blurry, crank to ISO all the way up to 1600. And use scene mode 'sports'.You may not be able to with this camera, you also need a powerful flashgun as the main problem you will encounter will be insufficient light. The next being the quality of the image from a distance.make sur eyour settin is on sports because what u will nbe taking pics of will be moving.  u dont want your pic to be blurry
You Have To Buy A Card When You Want More Minutes. But There Is A Time Where Your Phone Will Get Shut Off If You Dont Buy A Card Before That Time. And Then You Would Have To Get It Reactivated And You Will Have A New Number.You can pay using Top-Up cards and have a set rate per minute, otherwise you can also do a pay-by-month with a monthly charge, and with higher plans, some/all free night and weekend minutes.It is a pay as you go where if you want more minutes you by a card.  Personally i suggest the Boost pay as you go network or Cingular.  Virgin mobile costs a lot more for minutes... . cingular is 10 cents for anywhere in the nation. virgin is 20-25cents. boost is 10 cents
yea and usually if you sign on and open up itunes, a little box will pop up and tell you that the comptuer recognizes that itunes isn't the default player and it'll ask u if u want it to beSelect "Set Program Access and Defaults" in the Wondows Start Menu.  Select the down-pointing arrow on "Custom."  Select iTunes from the Media Player list.
I a not sure about playing it on say a computer monitor, but NyKo has an adapter to play it on your TV.  I don't know ho well it works but you can check it out from the links.no. theres no way to connect it that i know of. usb wont b able to do that so the logical answer is NO
you have to be in the "build wall" tool, and then press ctrl while holding down your mouse as if you were building another wall. same goes for pools, i think...In build mode, hold the Crtl button and left click at the start of where you want to delete and drag to where you want to stop.  Be sure to release the left click before the control button.When using the wall tool; press down the "Ctrl" key and click down on the wall portions you want to remove; then while holding down the right mouse button, go over the walls you want removed (note you still need to hold down the "Ctrl" key) and then release on the mouse key; then the "Ctrl" key and it should remove the walls you want removed. Hope this information helps.
The Nintendo DS Lite has the following advantages over the original DS:. . - It's smaller and lighter.. - Brighter screen, with 4 brightness settings. (Original has 2, on/off).. - The power button has been moved to prevent accidental shutoff during play.. - Start and select buttons have been moved to reflect the layout of more popular console controlers, making for easier play.. - Microphone has been centered.. - Stylus holder has been relocated to make it a little more discreet.. - Larger stylus for better grip.. - Smaller directional pad.. - Triggers on back even with case, as opposed to slightly extended on the original, to prevent accidental triggering during game play.. - All buttons are more pronounced for easier play.. - Longer battery life, although dependant on brightness settings and is decreased with Wi-Fi usage.. - "Weather stripping" over the game port to prevent dust damage, also allows game cartriges to fit more snuggly.. - Available in 3 colors (white, black and pink), as opposed to only one (blue) for the orginal.It is a slimmer, brighter, sleeker and more lightweight redesign of the earlier Nintendo DS model.The difference is this:. . Nintendo DS was created first, it's also quite heavy for people to hold for long periods of time.  The company figured this out a little too late, so it thought it'd correct the mistake.  Instead of taking away the DS it marketed out the DS lite version.  The DS lite is the same thing except it supposedly has better lights for the background and also is lighter than the DS version.The lite is lighter in weight and brighter in picture, plus a way to play GBA games on it as wellThe DS lite is smaller than the DS but is more expensive since it's newer.. . Performance-wise there's no difference between the two.NDS Lite is more comfortable to hold. It's more comfortable than the previous version. NDS Lite's light is also brighter and it has 4 choices of brightness, so you don't have to squint. The first NDS has only 2 choices. The stylus in NDS Lite is much comfortable to hold too. It's slightly bigger and longer than the first NDS which is smaller and shorter. In other words, get the newer version because the newer and improved ones are always much better than the older. Hope this helps.
Depends, what model?  Try pressing both buttons on the right side at the same time.Not exactly sure about the model, but most watches have a small indented button on side of watch. Press the button and another button that will move the numbers till you reach alarm function, you will see a flashing bar or bell push button till it is gone and your done or hold the 2 buttons on right side of watch and you will hear a beep-announcing it has turned off.. You will see either 3 little bars or a bell pic above the numbers.  Hope that helps
you mean burn as a vcd format cd or just normal file format like rm, avi, divx? use software like sonic record now, they will be able to help youOk, you can't burn DVD's to CD-R's you must buy the correct discs, because DVD's have a different file type, i would try searching on yahoo search for a DVD burner prgram or try www.downloads.com to look for one. You must buy the DVD type of discs from the store like Best Buy or Compusa. Usually Office Depot has great deals and rebates on DVD's. Hope that helped!you cant burn dvd's onto a cd-r you need a dvd-r
Well you can install the software "Black list" or "Black Baller" and you can enter the no. in the relevant field and if the person tries to contact you, he/she will get a busy ringtone and you wont be bothered anymore :)Call diverting can be a good option, not blocking though.  Divert it to 911. LOL!  Or maybe to the morgue.  Or...  the cops!  Hehe.
I'm NOT telling you!use your land-line and cellphone at the same time, and use speed dial....also if you have any friends over, let them help you do it!!!! with there cell-phones...
check home page of jvc. or post another question with model number and someone should replyDifficult without the manual. Try truning on the tv with the blank vcr screen on, turn the vcr on then try pressing the menu or "settings" button on the remote and see what is displayed on your screen - select the options you require and go from thereTough to say without knowing year, and model number. Have you looked for buttons that say time, day, date, etc.... If you find them you often have to hold down the time button while you use another button to advance the time, day, date, etc...
The only game I want from the ps3 is final fantasy 13... I have an XBOX360 and there are loads of games out for it which all have different platforms, levels of ability etc. However both of the consoles have a high abundance of first person shooters and sports games... boring!Planned and then dumped sort of throw the numbers off sometimes.  I usually go to Amazon and check out the new and soon to be released games to see what's offered.  Right now of course the XBox has quite a few over 130 while PlayStation has 38 but the independent software planners will bump that number quite soon.
It's a wireless way to to use a mobile, I think.  It's the reason why people walk around with those ridiculous Star Treck earpieces in.Bluetooth is the name for a wireless protocol that goes only short distances.  . . It is primarily used for connecting wirelessly to a mobile phone, with a headset or a computer for data transfer, but is now being used to connect computers with other local devicesIt's just another way to say wireless.  For example, an earpeice that interacts with your cell phone but has no wires.  It is automatically detected.It's wireless technology basically...Bluetooth is a global initiative by Ericsson, IBM, Intel, Nokia and Toshiba to set a standard for cable-free connectivity between mobile phones, mobile PCs, handheld computers and other peripherals. . . This allows you to send data or connect your phone for example to a headset, without wires.. . Thanksits is wireless technology that enables to to transfer data (1) handset to handset or (2) handset to PC or vice versa. they are also helpful in pairing with handsfree devices . in addition u can also print pictures clicked with ur handset and get that printed out from machines as a hard copy. also soon they are goin to install the same technology in Digitals camerasIt's a way of turning your teeth blue.  It's great if your teeth are green.. . Seriously, it's a way that electronic devices (phones, PDA's, computers, etc.) can communication with each other wirelessly over short (10 meters or less) distances.There is a part in the phone known as tooth, which is blue in color.That is why is called bluetooth and if that same features is avalible in different phones then you can transfer data, ringtones or pics. The literate way saying is technology but i say a tooth that is blue...............................
Looks like the real eBay price is $1,300 -- double retail -- and that seems to be $1,230 the 2nd day. Should be under $700 by week's end. And, watch the stores discover an "undiscovered" inventory of PS3 the week leading up to December 25. It's all a reflection of what Christmas means in our era.they are stupid, just wait until more ps3's are in shipment and buy it when the price has settled and they fix all the bugs that might be in the system'cause they don't have a life, they don't think it will have bugs, it has a lot of features... there are quite good arguments on both sides of the line. But i still think it's a waste of money.because they are hardcore gamers.. . And some people will do anything just to be the first few to have something.Well that's easy- they're just dumb enough to waste all their money on something they could save a ton on if they just waited for a couple of weeks. Kind of like a credit card, some people don't think about how much money they are really spending until they are in debt. Also, some people are rich and spoiled and don't care about wasting money.PS3 Graphics have advanced farther than the other consoles and even that new Nintendo Wii. There is also a LIMITED amount of PS3, and not every one or every family could have one. Because there is so little, and so many people want it, people are selling them for thousands on ebay.more money than since or they really like spoiling their kids either way that don't make a bit of since to meThey are despret, lonley people, that do not have much of a social life. I personaly do not get it, if the unit costs $600 why pay $3000 just to get it early?Obviously you people never heard of supply and demand. Instead of bashing on people who actually have money to purchase this console, you should study Economics and learn something. Thumbs down to all of the ignorant answers...
Not really, without DVD burner or DVD recorder, you are out of luck. You can still hook up your digital camera directly to TV via A/V ports or you can plug the camera into VCR (I assume everyone has one) and record it on the tape.first: what format are your movies ? "mov", "av" or "mpg" ?. If are NOT mpg you will need some sort of software to convert your movie files into "mpg" format in order to be able to see it on TV using regular standalone DVD player. Only few models of DVD player are able to play/read avi - divx5 movie format. (Philips does). To create movie DVD I am using Movie Factory 3 with good results.. . well ...if you wanna create a DVD you need a DVD burner drive (DVD writer)There are several places that offer this service. Google it or try this one: http://www.apmstudio.com/default.asp?utm_source=google%2Bsupport&utm_medium=ppc&utm_term=sos%2Baugust%2B06&utm_campaign=stronger&gclid=COGSs_G1uogCFSjTYAodIWj1yQYou have to have a program like Windows movie maker and a DVD burner.. A camera store might be able to do it for you, but it would be expensive.
I don't knowYou can do this from iTunes.. . Your iPod should have come with a CD, simply pop it in your drive and install the software.. . Your iPod needs to be connected to your computer's USB port when you transfer songs.Thats easy if you are useing windows media player. ..             There should be a thing on the computer that should open up so you can plug in your ipod then you just drag the songs to the folder that should open up when you plug in the i-pod.
Well, It's not very hard, the only thing you need is a card (a sort of adapter card) to set up in your computer that let you connect the cassette-player to the computer, it doesn't even cost much, that's the only way I know to transfer videos from cassettes to a PC without a camcorder(I mean camera, videocamera) which is easy and cheap.Ahh this is a very good question my friend, you will need a DVI port on your camera, you will also need a FIREWIRE cord, then on your computer you will need a FIREWIRE port, this is similar to a USB port but at one of the ends it caves in a little bit. Youll most likely need windows movie maker on your computer. To get a firewire cord you'll need to go to best buy or soem place. Good luckyacthz's answer applies only to DV tapes, and sounds like it won't do any good to your old footage.. What formats (kinds) *are* these tapes? Without the camera, you still need something to push them into that will connect to the computer..... If it's not a camera, then it's a VCR.. Then you'll need a computer card with analog video inputs (see example in "sources"), and then hook the two up with standard audio/video cables (usually the red-white-yellow ones).
The Opera browser will not be pre-loaded on the system, no.. . You will go into the Wii Shop Channel located in the top-right corner of the Wii Menu screen, and the browser will be available for download there (at no charge until June as you mentioned.)its on the system because wii's have built in wifi.So right when you buy your wii and hook it up just go to internet and you go starght to google.
Get a DKU-5 connectivity adapter cable i've got one and when you plug it to your n73 phone and then lap top the nokia PC suite apeares and you just intall the phone, you can transfer images by using the store images icon and store music by using the transfer music icon this website might also help you:. http://www.i2020.co.uk/nokia_connectivity_adapter_cable_ca-42_(dku-5)-p1443.htmlYour best bet is to install the Nokia software that came with the phone, that is really easy to use (once you've connected your phone)! You should then be able to move your files around to your heart's content.You have three ways with the infrared port (if your laptop has one), the bluethooth antenna (if you have one), or the USB cable (that usually comes with the phone).. With the I. port or the B. thooth ant. just select the item on your phone you want to send and go to options select send it will give you several options to chose from select Infrared (or B.thooth) and ready.. With the cable if it came with the phone it must come with the software the software tells you how, if you dont have the software go to mobilaction.com and downloaded for free.
you are out of luck - once something is burned onto a CD, you are stuck with it.  If you want something different, you are just going to have to burn another CD.and thats exactley right. you cant delete songs off a c.d if you want diffrent songs you hav to burn a new c.dscratch it! but dont scratch the wrong songs . lol!You can not delete it!. The music (in digitally coded form) are "print" to the surface of the disc.
There are shops you can take it to,to get it unlocked,not sure if you're supposed to but you can. I know a place in my town centre called "Phone Doctor" who does that sort of thing for £10. Any phone shop that isn't a big brand will probably be able to offer the same service.To have your T-Mobile Samsung T629 unlocked you will need to call customer service and they will submit a request on your behalf with the manufacturer. . . Before you call them, you need to get the following information ready and make sure you write it down. You will need to get the IMEI number of your phone. To obtain the IMEI number you need to enter the following code in your phone *#06# and press the green button on your phone or the button to make a phone call. You will see a long 15 digit number -- note this number down. . . Call T-Mobile and ask them to file a subsidy unlock request for you they will require the IMEI give it to them and they will submit it for you. Also make sure you give them a working email address as the manufacturer will email you the instructions on how to unlock your phone. The usual time line for this request is 72 hours, and you will receive it via email. . . Let me know if you have any further questions.. . Good luck!u hold talk and press 987 but if i doesnt work call the tmobikle service thats what i did
an ipod is a device that plays mp3's. . an mp3 is a compressed music fileWell, the Apple iPod is more known to everyone. Now that the Ipod came out, everyone is going crazy over it. MP3 are not "cool" anymore. Plus, the iPod fits way more songs than an MP3 player.AND IPOD IS AN TYPE OF MP3An iPod is a MP3 player. The term "iPod"'s just become a generic name for any mp3 player, really, since it's so popular :P There are many different brands of mp3 players... MuVo TX FM, iPod, etc...An ipod is a type of mp3 player. It's just the brand name for the type.An ipod is an Mp3 player. Mp3 is a type of music file that songs can be in. A device used to play them is an mp3 player.An ipod plays aac or aac protected music its not mp3 but its a music file and is the same.when i was buying a mp3 it said mp3 ipod so i think an ipod is a mp3 but a mp3 is not an ipod. get it?there is none. i-pod is simply a brand of mp3 player.Mp3 players are better- most can use windows media player formated songs.. . Ipods suck!!- you can only use itunesipod is to mp3 as stereo is to cd
you have to go into your modem set up. enable wireless. set up wep/change wep and remenber wut your wep is. u have to google your cable provider to find out the ip adress for modem configread your manual- it will probably say something about going to a web address like 192.168.10.1 or something like that. Type it in your browser and depending on your router(check your manual) type in a code, and there will be your code on one of the lines(you may have to check a few tabs)
go to your local hardware store, they sell all sorts of things to hide cables, pipes etcSince your wall is plasterboard (studded). I would suggest making a hole behind the TV and another one above or below in an inconspicuous place then "fishing" the wires between the two holes. Hopefully there are no cross studs between.you chase(chisle)them into the wall leaving the ends poking out behind where the tv will sit.bingo!!!You could dig a channel out of your wall,sink the cables into it then fill in then paper over or do what l did and put a really nice panel of wood going from the floor all the way up and fixed the tv to it,gives the tv a nice surround and if you need into the cables at a later date you don't have to wreck your wall!a messy idea is to dig a groove on the wall and sink it with papier mache or plaster. a neat idea is to buy a wall wire sticker that has the same colour as the wall and hide the wire with it.you can buy a coiled cable with a split down the side just put wires in there it tidys the wires up.
USB PC Camera is a camera with no internal drives or memory, that is connected to a computer through a USB cable. The camera uses the memory of the computer for the video. In other words, the computer is being used as a tape, for the USB PC Camera.USB PC Camera is a cam which connects to your PC's USB Port. Its also known as Webcam. Its used for Web Conferencing, Chatting.. While chatting, you can see eachother through a Webcam.Camera. hooked up to your pc. throught the usb port
why would they not allow a digital camera?  you cannot kill anyone with one, unless you're trained in nikondo..ware cowboy boots with silver tips on front of boot.then slide camera between your leg an neck of boot. then slide  your pant leg over the boot neck. the silver tip on your boot will activate metal detector.Put it in your underwear near your waist and wear a belt with huge metal head. When they use metal detectors, they'll probably just assume it's your belt.Look at some oxygen assist devices, and dummy one up. Or use a wheelchair, and put it under the chair near the axle.dont or get gf to take it inIf you are a girl put it in your bra and where a  baggy hoodie pull overGo inside and go to a place that doesn't et any1 see you. Have a friend out side the gates throw the camera over. You catch it and there u go. simpleYour best shot would be to have enough money to buy a new one when they confiscate that one.  They may also help you out the door for NOT following the rules.....good chance of losing it but if you must your pocket silly or up your ass    lolIf it's a small concert you could tell them you are with the band. In fact your best bet may be contacting the band promoter, they may even let you in for free in exchange for photos. Metal detectors will pick up the camera, so it would be pretty hard to sneak it in the front door. If there is a back stage door you could try to sneak in that way and avoid the metal detectors. You could also make your self up a fake press pass, but make sure it looks real or it won't work! You could also take an old Walkman (or something else that would pass security) and gut out the insides and put the camera inside!. . Good Luck!GIRLS : in your bra . . GUYS: wear baggy pants, put it in your pocket, leave it DO NOT take it out at the gate
The best website I know for free mobile stuff is http://www.mobile9.com they should be able to sort you out! If your college is blocking sites though there's nothing much you can do - unless you get friendly with the systems administrator and ask them to allow a few sites for you.It's cheaper to go to your Wireless website and downlaod a few ringtones from them for $0.99 rather try to get a free one and end up paying $5.99 for something you thought was going to be free! If you have a verizon phone, the website should be right on your phone, but if not then just visit the website on-line and look for ringtones! It is alot cheaper. I promise.Hi, don't loose your time with sites that seem to be free but they always charge for something.. You need to have internet on your phone to receive poly or mp3 ringtones otherway you can receive monophonic ringtones through txt (only for Nokia and Motorola).. For 100% real free ringtones, you can go to:. http://www.crostel.com. I've been using this site for long time (at least 2 years) and it is really FREE. You can upload your music files or pictures and later you can send it to your phone. They convert music files in ringtones. It is a cool site. Also, you can search for an specific song that another person already upload to the site.
Buy a good dvd player recorder that includes HDD (a hard drive).  You can program it to record hours of your favorite programs directly onto the hdd and then later tranfer them to dvd ram or dvd r.  . All with the same machine.Download them here . . http://tinyurl.com/np2y4. . Then burn them to DVD .
If it turns off immediately after turning on, than i think it needs some repair workyou probably have the sleep timer on. just press it until it says 0 on the screen.I would ahve the Tv looked at,  I had a Tv that turned itself off and on.  It was some kind of shourt in the voltage regulator or something like that and it eventually caught fire!stop sleeping on the remote. b
ALL motorola phones suck. Get a Nokia or Sony ErricsonIts a kind of phone im guessing and cell phones are like no good if you have a phone in your house. They cost to much.Well it looks kind of good, but it doesnt have much memory, it depends what you want in your phone to. I reccomend the Sony Ericsson W300i, it is a flip phone like the PEBL and does more, it is a walkman phone
i have verizon also and my bluetooth just like doesnt work. so may you cant. but try calling averizon store or stopping by to figure it out.You need to have a laptop that has bluetooth in it.
MP3 is a format in which music is compressed i.e. its file size is reduced so that more songs can b stored on a storege media & iPod is a music player from Apple.It can play these compressed MP3 files.So the former is a software whereas the latter is hardware.Got it?mp3 is a kind of file format.. iPod is so called pocketPC...A MP3 file is a kind of music format that can be played using the iPod. An iPod is a portable device used to play MP3 files, also known more generally as an MP3 player.. . Sort of the difference between a piece of toast and the toaster.i believe MP3 is a kind of file like jpeg, bmp, gif and so on.. Mp3 is for audio materials or such.. while iPod is a portable device other than pc which reads Mp3 files...A pretty big one - for one thing, an MP3 is a song and an iPod is what  can play songs. MP3 is just a data format that an audio file has been converted or compressed to (the purest format from CDs are AIFF files, which are huge; MP3s by comparison take up less space). iPods are a type of portable device made by Apple that can contain anywhere from 1 GB of material to, I think, 80 GBs. Also, iPods aren't simply just for music storage; people put photos, movies, podcasts, and music videos on them.. Go to http://www.apple.com/ipod/ipod.html to look at some iPods... although, they aren't the only type of MP3 playback device, just the most popular.
If you look close their is probably a symbol writ next to the power receptacle that looks like( neg _---Co---+pos ) , But if not  <----Their is the answer. You are also going to want to make sure your charger has enough mA to charge your player. Most times you will need a minimum of 500 mA It's not possible to have to many mA'sRemove the batteries from your player.  Using an ohm meter, check the resistance between the negative battery terminal and then either the inside pin or outside of the AC adapter input connector.  Look for a resistance very close to 0.  That should identify the negative side.
i pod is like the new version, betterAn Ipod is the Apple brand of MP3 players. They are inherently the same thing, just the name of that certain type.mp3 is an electronic device that stores and play mp3 files such as songs and other media files. Ipod is one of the many mp3 players out there these days.Ipod is from the company apple, and the reason why it's getting so much attention is because it's sleek advancement design, holds a lot of songs, not al ot of buttons, look good and cost a  fortune, well ...the new ones.. But if you were to get an mp3 player, i would just get something else...it cost too much compare to other ones out in the market.no difference except that with an mp3 player you can move your music anywhere you want. An ipod only allows you to work with your purchased itunes and any other music that you have ripped.An Ipod is a MP3 Player.  Same as iAUDIO, Creative Zen, Microsoft Zune, Iriver Iclix, etc.. . Ipod is the brand, MP3 Player is the category.About $300.There is very little difference, an iPod is built for aac format songs, if you download through iTunes thats the format you'll recieve your songs in. However, iPod is also compatible with Mp3 format songs so it works just like an Mp3 player, too. If you go to ipod videos and other versions then the formats they can play and store are obviously like jpg for photos andmpg for videos. They're almost the same thing, just iPod can handle more formats.nothing. . Mp3 = generic. Ipod = brand name
I believe they're as small as 20".  Just do a product search for . HDTVs and you should be able to find the smallest size.... . H  a p p y. G a m i n g !The smallest I found was about 15" (See link for a selection)
**** nobody seems to be interested in this forum to reply you because everybody is busy here in replying the questions related to love, sex, dating etc.. really, i don't know about your question, otherwise i would definitely repllied you. however, you can search it on www.google.comAudioStation makes it easy to create and manage your PC digital music library. AudioStation plays audio CDs, digital music files stored on your PC hard drive. and streaming audio from the Internet (also referred to as "Internet Radio" or. "Internet Broadcasts"). These three types of music are accessed by choosing. from three main modes of operation, which are activated by the tabs on the. left of the main screen view.  . .   . Features: . *  Plays CD audio, MP3, WMA, video and MIDI file formats. . *  Plays digital audio stored on networked PCs. . *  Burn custom CDs of your favorite tracks that are in MP3, Windows Media .    or WAV formats. . *  Autogain(TM) Level Control corrects changes in song volume levels when .    burning CDs. . *  Gapless Playback eliminates pauses between tracks when burning CDs. . *  Automatically import album and title information from the Internet. . *  Optional RF remote control lets you control functions from other rooms .    in your home. . *  Print CD labels with song titles and jewel case covers with custom artwork..    . . Benefits: . *  Convert your CD library to digital format by storing thousands of songs .    on your PC's hard drive-so you can enjoy your favorite songs without .    the frustration of searching through a pile of CD's to find them. . *  Tailor your music collection to suit your mood by playing songs by your.    favorite artist, in a particular genre, or your own custom compilations. . *  Create a PC digital music collection by converting CDs into Windows Media.    or WAV formats. . *  Easily find songs by title, artist, genre, etc. and create custom.    playlists. . *  Create a personalized selection of your favorite Internet Radio stations. . *  Diagnose audio and MIDI problemsA audio station is an audio (sound) broadcasting service, traditionally broadcast through the air as radio waves (a form of electromagnetic radiation) from a transmitter to an antenna and a thus to a receiving device. Stations can be linked in audio networks to broadcast common programming, either in syndication or simulcast or both. Today, stations also broadcast via cable FM, local wire networks, satellite and the Internet.
You should get ringtones and screensavers wallpapers and talk on it more it would be funi got nokia pc suite on my comp..maybe you could download it.  lots of things to jazz up your nokia.Buy a n91!
The motorola U6 and the motorola V6 is the same unit. Motorola decided to name the PEBL u6 as it's now called V6 previouslythe U6 and PEBL are just switched around (same phone). . The PEBL (I think) is a good phone. It only comes in T-Mobile but maybe if you wanted to you could get an unlocked version on like ebay or something and get it to work with cingular. Check out the site in KNOW YOUR SOURCE? LIST IT HERE:they are EXACTLY the same!! just written differently. yeh its reeeeealy nice it looks gorgous err think it has 5GB i would get it - lovely phoneUm, those are exactly the same model.... . It has 5 Mb of phone memory.. . It is a cute phone.  It has one-handed flip phone opening.  That works good if your hands are small.  If they are large like mine are, you need to open it carefully.. . Also there is a kickback when the phone opens - you need to get used to it or you may drop the phone.. . Otherwise, it is one of the up to date Motorola phones, comes with Bluetooth, and works pretty nicely. You can even put photos of people with the address book entires and use voice dialing.The difference is how it is written down. They are the same.
A monitor will have no coaxial input. Monitors do not have tuners.  This mean you must always have a cable box or sat. box which is your tuner.  If you want all hd channels available then youll need one anyways.  The tuner built in only helps you for the over the air signals with an attennae.  There are limited hd channels over the air for freeSomething that's just labeled "monitor" does not have a built in receiver. Not a problem once you hook it up to your cable box.For monitor they don't have tuner inside the unit. So it need another devices to receive TV broadcast.. For HDTV they have build in  tuner so it can receive TV broadcast.
Using Windows Media Player. Insert cd in drive. Select "rip" and then select the tracks that you want to rip to your computer.even easier...... . Download CDEX (free) at www.cdex.com
Are you watching a Robbie Williams special? Don't.My tv keeps turning itself on and off,it happens in threes somthing else will go next.Dump your SKY rubbish!If it only happens when you watch sky then the problem seems to be associated with the sky box. Check scart (and other) connections at both ends. Also if there is anything, like a DVD or VCR, that can be disconnected to eliminate. If, as it sounds, its the sky box then contact sky.The picture is going out so just buy a new one.  It will cost too much to fix.Either your scart lead is not fully connected (try another lead to be certain) or your box is faulty.. . Second-hand boxes are fairly cheap (under £30 on ebay).
Touma-Touma Is this you? … :)! . http://www.osoq.com/funstuff/extra/extra01.asp?strName=Touma-ToumaThe only options that you apparently have left is to either to visit your Iriver customer service internet site and if you don't get the help/answers you are looking for than I would be going back to the store where you purchased your Iriver and asking for either a full refund or at best an exchange!!!  The store's policy should convenience your situation as best as possible.
Blackberry is like a cell phone/pda hybrid. Bluetooth is a wireless technology.blackberry is like a gadget for e-mail. Bluetooth is a device that u can send or receive files.they dont MEAN anything, they're just names for the devices sometimes based on the color.  The names just draw people in like the chocolate cell phone.  just sounds coolThe BlackBerry is a wireless handheld device introduced in 1999 which supports push e-mail, mobile telephone, text messaging, internet faxing, web browsing and other wireless information services. It was developed by the Canadian company, Research In Motion (RIM) and delivers information over the wireless data networks of mobile phone service companies. BlackBerry made headway in the marketplace by first concentrating on e-mail. RIM currently offers BlackBerry e-mail service to non-BlackBerry devices, such as the Palm Treo, through the BlackBerry Connect software. The original BlackBerry device had a monochrome display, but all current models have color displays.. . While including the usual PDA applications (address book, calendar, to-do lists, etc.) as well as telephone capabilities on newer models, the BlackBerry is primarily known for its ability to send and receive e-mail wherever it can access an appropriate wireless network of certain cellular phone carriers. It has a built-in keyboard, optimized for "thumbing", the use of only the thumbs to type. System navigation is primarily accomplished by the trackwheel (or "thumbwheel"), a scrolling wheel with a "click" function, located on the right side of the device. Some models (currently, those manufactured for use with Nextel, TELUS, and other iDEN networks) also incorporate a two-way radio. BlackBerry devices still depend on mobile phone service coverage and are not Wi-Fi compatible unlike similar handheld devices that are on the marketplace.. . Modern BlackBerry handhelds incorporate an ARM 7 or 9 processor, while older BlackBerry 950 and 957 handhelds used Intel 80386 processors. The latest GSM BlackBerry models (8100 and 8700 series) have an Intel PXA901 312 MHz processor, 64 MB flash memory and 16 MB SDRAM.[2]. . The devices are very popular with some businesses, where they are primarily used to provide e-mail access to roaming employees. To fully integrate the BlackBerry into a company's systems, the installation of BlackBerry Enterprise Server (BES) is required.. . In November 2004, RIM announced that the number of subscribers to the BlackBerry service had reached two million, having doubled within ten months.[1] Continuing their growth, RIM announced an additional one million subscribers in May, 2005, only six months after reaching two million.[2] On December 21, 2005, RIM announced that their subscriber base reached 4.3 million subscribers [3] and has surpassed 5 million by March 2006, despite slowing sales [4]. In October 2006, RIM announced that the number of subscribers had reached 6.2 million.. . Bluetooth is an industrial specification for wireless personal area networks (PANs). Bluetooth provides a way to connect and exchange information between devices such as mobile phones, laptops, PCs, printers, digital cameras and video game consoles via a secure, globally unlicensed short-range radio frequency.. . Bluetooth is a radio standard and communications protocol primarily designed for low power consumption, with a short range (power class dependent: 1 metre, 10 metres, 100 metres) based around low-cost transceiver microchips in each device.. . Bluetooth lets these devices communicate with each other when they are in range. The devices use a radio communications system, so they do not have to be in line of sight of each other, and can even be in other rooms, so long as the received transmission is powerful enough.
search here:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wireless_LANOn the lower left edge of your PSP when you're facing the screen, there's a small silver slider switch: that's your WLAN switch. Slide it upwards:. . Anyway, flip that switch up and the little orange light just above it should sporadically pop on for a second or so, and if you scan for a local network connection, it light up quite a bit!
If you have metal in your purse you could have shorted out the battery.  You should always have un-used battery in a plastic bag.  They won't get hot that way.  It can catch fire if you are not careful.Bruce is correct.  You need to protect the terminals of the battery if they are in your pocket or purse.The warmth of your purse and the guys pocket heat up the chemicals in the batteries, it is dangerous. I had a AAA in my front pocket that did it, it burnt my leg and i had to go to the ER and get stuff for the burn.you may have left it on for a wile
It is a Finnish company,  I don't think it means anything at all.. the dictionary states that it's a city in Finland near Tampere.it means CONNECTING PEOPLE..... the world's first international cellular mobile telephone networkthe name nokia is derived from the name of a river that flowed through a town in finland.
Hi. Here is a list of best websites offering free and paid ringtoes and caller tones. They have really large range. http://best-ringtones1.blogspot.com/I use motorolla phone tools and it opens the program and you can up and download any pictures , songs , address book and all to and from the pc and phone.  It has a multimedia tab that lets you put a selected few seconds of any downloaded song as your ring tone.  I don't know what phone you have but all should have comparable software as this.  Check with phone brands website.. good luck!why do you need it?
I got a phone when I was in 7th grade..and at the time I wanted one because I thought they were cool and everyone else had one. But over time I've discovered that they're very very very convenient to have on you when you're somewhere and need a ride or need to call someone to make or cancel plans. It's also good because my parents can call me about things I have after school and when I need to be picked up. There have been times when something had been cancelled and if I hadn't had a cell phone I would've been sitting outside the school for an hour or 2. Cell phones are a great thing to have.so they can call there dealeri for one think teenagers need one, especially when they start driving, what if they got a flat tire in the middle of the interstate at night? They neeed them worse than adults. These days aren't half as safe as they were when we grew up, lets face it.  Cell phones can be really convienient, You wouldn't have asked this question if you had a teen.Teenagers have cell phones becuase there friends have cell phones.  Then they have to get a better one so everyone will like them and give them lots of attention.  It could also be for privacy!  :]well,loads of stuff really. like calling friends to ask for homework help, to talk about who made out with who in skool,  to share funky files, i could go on.They want one because they are spoiled, their parents buy them cars, so why the heck not a cellphone? At least their parents might be able to reach them, if they would answer them. It's all about the material things and being "cool" when you are a teenager.Because they are the most social creatures on the planet.the same reason any other person wants one.Basically it breaks down to every other person on earth has one and if they dont they wont be cool. also teenagers are built with the capacity to talk for hours and hours without breathing. If they had to use the land line, everyone else in the house would be basically screwed. I imagine they also want one because that way they're free to get away from their parents and talk in private, about...private teenage things. .    Parents buy them one cus then they can seem cool but really now they have a 24/7 tracking device. You can reach them no matter where theyre at and they know they have to answer when the folks call or hear about it for 47 hours when they get home. Also it provides peace of mind for both parent and probably teenager, to know that if anything happens they'll be able to get in contact with someone, and not have to search for a phone booth and spend 5 bucks trying to call home on a disease riddled telephone.. . Lastly, now days if you dont have a cell phone you're considered Amish... Or technologically retarded...or, "technotarded" if you will.to "communicate" with friends and family and everyone else in there life but especially true among female teens: they want one to chat with their b/f all the time. Heck I say make the teen pay for it themselves I am 17 and I have had to pay for mine from the get go. Plus it will teach them more resposibility!!!!!!!! because what will a teen learn if you pay their bill??? Nothing! I see spoiled teens all the time and there parents pay their way for everything I say if a teen wants one a teen needs to pay for one it is not the parents responsibility to pay their teens bill that the parents didnt use.speaking from me personally i play 4 outta 5 sports and when i have away game i needed on so i didn't have to use The school.. the 2nd reason why i wanted on was so i could have freedom from the house phone.. 3rd so i could call my friends.. 4th so i could fit in every  other teen has oneHell if I know, and I'm only 20. Outside of my family I've probably made like 5 calls in the 3 years i've had the thing.they want a cell phone so they can call all ther friends or so there parents know that they are safeTeenagers most often want a cell phone to make themselves feel important.  When I was in high school it was pagers.  Everyone had to have a pager.  I had one myself, until I realized that having one meant that my family and friends could contact me, anywhere, anytime.  That was horrific.  I am a quiet person by nature, and when I leave home to get away from people, I don't want them to be able to call me.  Which is why my cell phone stays turned off in my glove compartment unless I need to call someone in an emergency.call their friends, privacy, from family members
USBIt's the USB thing, you gotta take off the cap to insert it into the computer...iPod Shuffle 1st Generation Has No Dock so you'll have to directly connect it to a USB under the cap. the 2nd Generation iPod Shuffle Has a Small Dock That Fits Perfectly and let it stand using a axillary input? ( Correct me if I'm Wrong) That's 2 Lines for Music/Data and 1 Line For Battery/Power That's Why We Only Have 2 Lines in our headphones.
You're SOL on this one dude. iTunes is the only possible way to download songs VIA your cell phone. Now, what the other thing you can do is use your PC to download the songs, then sync them to your phone with a USB data cable. Takes a little extra time, but saves you a buttload of money.Do you like the artists who you listen to? If so is $.99 all that big of a deal? Pirating music isn't always the best thing because you get what you paid for. The quality sucks. I say keep it legal and at the same time you feel good about your purchase.
that's a common problem for nokia 6600 users who are also audiophiles, like me. try looking for a better earphone brand, since the volume in loudspeaker mode can't get that loud.u wan amplify volune of nokia then u wiull cahen ur spiker or atach with amplyfierusually people change their speaker. but im not sure how reliable that is.
I think you would do best to go to a good computer store and ask,they will put you in touch with someone who does it well.At home, I don't know.  I do know that some places will do the transfer for you (for a reasonable price).  I took one of our tapes to our Wal-Mart SuperCenter and they did it for around $10 (I think).  I know it wasn't too bad.Windows Media 10 will do it but you need to have video and audeo inputs on your pc.. There are some divices you can use also. see the link below
The LG VX8300 cell phone is a CDMA phone (offered through Verizon).  CDMA phones do not use SIM cards.  Only GSM phones uses SIM cards.u just go ur LG mobile,s homepage site ...where u found all above information to ur phone ..n also how remove the simmI can't answer the question until you answer one for me.  Do you have insurance on your phone?slide the back plastic part off where your battery goes and take the battery out and that's where your card is.no no no....like others said, cdma service doesnt have sim cards, ie sprint and verizone while gsm carriers do, ie cingular and tmobile.  Sim card is where you "activation" and numbers are stored.  With gsm you just take the sim card out, put in another gsm phone and you are off and running.  The drawback with cdma is you have to call your carrier to transfer service from phone to phone.LG VX8300's don't have sim cards. VZW only has Sim cards in their global phones.
they didn't give you a website to go 2.. . what kind of mp3 player do u have.. . if it is a e200 series then try www.lilmonsta.comRead the instructions.
get a job a good paying job that pays at least 800 dollers per paydayIf you really know your sports teams, then just bet on games aganist your friends or play Proline (a lottery game in Canada) and you can score alot of money from that, get a job or if you have one then a 2nd job!! I want PS3 too, but Im willing to wait 2 years for it when the price goes down and games are cheaper!!!!!!!check out Labor Ready.  Work today get paid todayi dont know but just buy a ps3 then sell it on ebay for twice the amount of money it is worth or possibly even more.Depending on where you live,. If it's on the West coast or Southwest where it is relatively warm.. Do some yardwork,or painting.Two money makers.. Now if you live farther East you could shovel snow,or put up peoples Christmas decorations.Two easy gig's to make some quick cash.. . . Peace
get the i pod microsoft is working with it but the i pod still is better quality.  its like the celeron in computers.  it was nothing like the pentium harddrive but it had so many new ones becasue it was just starting.  i lsot count of all of them.  but like that the zen will come out on top.  mocrosoft is a respected company with very good technology.  if your like me youd get the zen becasue your a microsoft supporter.  but the zen will be better than the i-pod son enough, im sure of it.  Just give it time.  FOr now make use of your money and get the i-pod get microsoft's mp3 when they imprve it.. have fun!. lester fester. p.s. check out my website if your bored. http://www.jesuswalktalk.moonfruit.comYou should get the ipod nano!!!! It has hot colors and works well with a color screen!!!!!I would go with the ipod. It is the original. The newest ones are very cool. Grated, sharing can be a pain, but I think that Apple has proved itself.iPods are good players and all, but they're overrated, and you're just paying for the name.  I have a Creative Zen V and I freakin' love the little thing.  It's only 1gb, but it was EIGHTY dollars.  That one doesn't play video, but they have ones that do.  When I upgrade to a HD player, I'm definitely going with a Creative of some sort.SanDisk Sansa e250 costs around $100-$110. It is 2GB which means it hold around 500 songs. It shows photos and has video playback. It has a nice vibrant screen, and it also has a voice recorder. There is an FM tuner from which you can listen to the radio or even record from. It has a MicroSD slot so you can expand the memory at a given time. It has a nice sleek design and has the same dimensions as the iPod Nano except for the thickness which it is more thicker.
ps3 is better than xboxThe real question is "why should you care".Supply and Demand. No supply, High Demand. Quite logical if you really think about it.Must have it to spend, you would have to be an idiot to buy one at that price though. Like you said they will flood the market with them in about six months, also it is dumb buying the first model of any platform they always have bugds that need to be fixed.I've wondered that myself...what a waste of money if you ask me, just buy it when it's openly available!people with money dont care about the price. they want it and they will get it without much of a hassle.People are trying to be the FIRST to have it .... pretty lame, dumb a$$es if you ask me!Can we get one collective...DUH!  I think people will pay $3000 for the bragging rights of having one of the first PS3's but just after Christmas when they're $400-500 they'll be feeling like fools.because they are rich guys who are stupid enough not to wait for 3 months to save $1000'sBecause their priorities are in the wrong order.Same reason they stood in line to buy "Pet Rocks" 30 years ago.  Pack mentality.its the fact that "you" were the FIRST ONES to have it..Because they're morons.Because they're rich and have nothing to do.stupidity comes to mind.............because they're idiots with money to blow, wait a year or probably only half a year when they produce more.Either they believe they can't get it any other way, they have way too much money on their hands, or they are just FOOLS.because they're stupid.  come on it's just another version of playstation.they not even that much were did you go to buy one at dummyGamer nerds can't bear to not have the latest system NOW.they are obsessed people who can't wait until next year. I'm one of those people except I didn't buy it yet. I bought Kingdom hearts II for 50 dollars because I couldn't wait till next year!!Explain to me how buying a PS3 for $3000 is stupid? Not everyone is poor like you people.Because the PS3 will not hold up that long and they know how desperate everybody will be wanting one for Christmas stick to the XBOX 360Because their spoiled kids have to have the latest hot electronic item and have no concept of money. Too many kids rule their parents nowadays.B?cause their idiots! XBOX 360 : )I don't know but the PS3 has problems with playing PS1 and PS2 games.why would people quit their jobs for a ps3? why would people camp out since tuesday for a ps3? why would people shoot, rob for a ps3?. . cause people are nuts when it comes to this stuff. a new system only comes out every 4-5 years and these things are scarce. so simple economics should explains that when demand is greater than supply the price gets jacked up to some phenominal amount.idk but i got 1 and it broke
As long as you just install itunes on to your computer, all the songs that you have stored on your hard drive will automatically be uploaded in to itunes (as long as you have the folder selected under itunes or individually add the songs from where ever they are on your computer). After itunes is on your computer and all the songs are uploaded, it's a simple drag and drop on to your ipod nano and all the songs, videos, or photos you need/want will be there waiting for you. Best of luck!sorry the only way you can upload songs on to your ipod is to get itunesthye have to be in itunes... put them onto cds off your computer and then import them onto your itunes thenm plug it in
The phone company has that particular option. The caller will get a message that says "the party you are calling does not accept calls from blocked numbers." Then it tells them to hang up, hit *82 and then call again. . . Another option theyhave is to say your name. Then you hear their name, and decide if you want to answer.you will probably have to call your phone company and ask them to put it in for you and they will charge you a little somthing for it.IF YOU GO TO TEEN FREEWAY.COM AND CLICK ON PHONES. IF YOU GO DOWN YOU WILL FIND THIS SECTION THAT SAYS IF YOU SIGN UP WITH THEM AND THEY GIVE YOU A CALL AGAIN. tHEY ARE GOING TO HAVE TO PAY YOU.CALL  PHONE  COMPANY   , ASK  THEM  TO  ACTIVATE     ANONYMOUS  CALL  REJECTION   SERVICE   (*77)   AND  *87  TO  TURN  OFF   THE  FEATURE ... THIS  IS   A   FREE  FEATURE  WITH  MOST  COMPANIEScall your phone company and tell them to put a block on all unknown numbers. the caller will not get through unless they verify who they are.all of the phone company's are different. call your local phone company and ask them how to do it. sometimes u can look in the front of your local phone book and they will list the way u can do all kinds of things on your phone that u didn't know.you can't but don't answer it!!Its easy. you must fix special apparatus with "CLI" facility so that u can identify the caller before u lift the handset because the callers number appears in it. So u can avoid unnecessary calls.I could just tell you the answer but that would be like giving you a fish instead of teachimg you to fish.  Go to your telephone book  in the front if your in Canada,and probably in the back for the U.S.A. .  There will be a section in the beginning pages about tracking the last caller and blocking and downloading numbers into your phonebook ect.ect....  well just in case you don't find it, it is .  It is called (call screen) . Dial *60 .                                                   Follow the voice prompts.  You will have the option to:  Add or remove phone numbers from your call blocking list..                                                  If you want to make a list that your choice..                                                  Once you have established your list, you will have the choice of turning it back on or keeping it off..                                                   To turn it on or off Dial *60, Press 3 then listen to the voice prompt.. . If you have a window such as the Vista 350 you can also do call privacy which is (*11)(*60).  I hope I was helpfull.
I'm not sure when this started being a feature in iTunes, so I don't know if this is on your version. I am in iTunes 7.0.2.16.. . When you connect your iPod, a screen comes up that is a pretty picture of the iPod along with tabs like: Summary, Music, Podcasts, etc.. . Click on the Music tab and there is a check-box for "Display album artwork on your iPod".  Make sure that is checked and then sync your iPod again.  It may take a while to sync because it's going to go through every track and upload the artwork for it, but should be fine after this one time.didn't you get an operations manual with it. it should tell you all of that.Just copy the pics to your Itunes library if you use Itunes and then upload it to Ur Ipod through the usb cable .
it's just a tv for gods sake.. . wipe it with a damp cloth every now and again just like any thing else!I go one further than above. I wrap the outside of my house with cling film everydayI cover mine in cling film every day.Clean your house firstspray a cloth with water (lightly) and then wipe the screen once or twice a week.Try a dusterdust and polish regularly!!!just make sure the whole house is dust free . for plasma screen you can get the swiffer dusting extenders to clean your screen ! Do not spray anything on the screen ! This will damage it seriously!you  can't!!! im sorry but dust is just one of those things!!! bit like spots! we don't want em but we still blimmin well get em!!!get a cleanerStatic makes the dust stick to the screen. So take capful of fabric conditioner mixed with warm water, use a cloth and wring it out fairly dry and rub over the screen should keep the static at bay.Microfiber cloth.Most of the answers you have so far are quite useless as you have probably found out.. To clean the screen use a dry and very clean duster and wipe it over put no pressure on the cloth or the screen. The cloth should be clear of any bleach or soap residues.. Easy really.Try using dry cotton to wipe the screenI use  a specific.  DISC CLEANING WIPE  (anti static ).  From computer accessory counters .  . i find this wet wipe, .  clean's my plasma screen safely and well., .  without too much effort , . then, i just polish it off gently, with a soft cloth . . >^,,^<keep your all windows closed, put you tv in a basement or something enclosed. tell all the people to remove their shoes when entering the room, close all windows and doors and vacuum the floor , there would be no dust in your tvby cleaning and dusting it?I had the dust problem with my plasma, which is wall mounted and I was scared to clean it incase I broke it. I now just use a Feather duster and it keeps it nice n shiney. My husband gets the hoover hose to the vents every six weeks too.follow directions for care that came with it !!HIRE A CLEANER...MINE SEEMS TO KEEP MINE DUST FREE,,,THANK GOD FOR JULIE
You need to have the right program to do it. There are several of them on the market but before you buy any, get on the Yahoo search and look for FIV, mp3, etc file conversion software.. . Good LuckSure I can, get off Windows and get a Linux Box. . Seriously, Linux can do any file format chgange,recovery or distortion that you want. It is a learning curve, but once out from under Microsoft/Apple DRM garbage, computeing becomes fun again. . Make sure you dont get the Microsoft version of Linux, for 5 years they told us how sloppy and unsafe it was, lesee, w98,w98SE,WinME,wNT,Win2k,WinXP,WinVista, thats 5 years of Microsoft telling us Linux is the devil. . Well looky looky looky, Linux is ok now! Its so stable, we will try and buy it! . And so the wheel spins.. But yes, you own a Linux OS, and you can alter,change or revert any or most any fiule that you wish to. It is considered nice to get permission if makeing a change, and in some cases it is Law. But its legal to do, and can be done easily in an Free Software Foundation.
its pretty easy i found out last nite all you have to do is go to the sound settings-message tone-alert type-none [for messages]. for calls hold the # key. and then you can go to silent mode on the  sound settings and chose vibrate or mutei dont have the same phone as u, but i do have a samsung, and all i have to do to put everything on silent is to press and hold the pound button for about 2 seconds and then everything is on vibrate.
download a cd on to itunes and then plug your ipod into the computer and drag the songsHave you ever been able to get music onto this ipod using this computer before? When in itunes your ipod should appear in the source list on the left hand side and your ipod screen should be flashing "do not disconnect". If you don't see that, your computer is not reconizing the ipod. Your computer's operating system may need to be upgarded or your ipod may be broken. Once you find the ipod in the itunes program drag the songs from your library to the ipod in the source list if it is set to manually update. Other wise once you connect the ipod the ipod will automatically update to whatever is in your itunes library at the time.
you need to make sure that there is no disk in the PS2 then turn it on . open browser. then with the memory card highlighted open it like a file on a computer. there will be pictures of the games you saved the ones you dont need highlight and select delete on itjust browse, select the memory card, select the file you want to delete, and delete ityou go to delete memory card and it will delete all your old thingok... what you can do is open you disk thing.. next you go to the memory card... then you go to what file you want to delete.. last you open it and click the DELETE thing and thats all...Put the memory card in your PS2 without a disc in it.. Go to browser.. Enter memory card by pressing X when it comes up.. Move around until you're on the file you want to see, and then press X.. It will then tell you how much memory it takes up, and how much you have left.. Then you can either choose to delete it, or back out by pressing Triangle.
its the same for the i tunes. I recommend using a rewritable disk you can save it to that rewrite then use any copy program to convert it. For more just look at itunes.Sorry, because when you convert them, it removes the DRM and that is illegal, believe me, ive tried, when i try to convert a protected DRM mp3, it says it cannot convert because the files is under a DRM. sorry
verizon v3 uses different techlogies than t-mobile and cingular. it plays music and has gps.. the t-mobile and cingular one uses GSM technology, which is the little sim card. Verizon does not have that.Ya know, I tried to figure that out once, and the best thing to do would be to ask the people selling them (like Verizon etc). I ended up saying "forget it" and buying the Krazr.. . lol. Good luck. NikiA salesperson today told me it was just the software.  I have the first razr that came out in the spring, and I don't have the gps but I could if I had them install new software.
The player should have a tiny reset button on it, use that, it should be in your owners manual.I have the same one and this happens alot to me first take the battery out for a few minutes then put back into. Second the song has a licence becouse you have to pay for it. Try looking for another website were the music is totally free I like Morpheus.
is it possible... only if you have an employee in the telecom company who is known to you...You can't they are legally privateIf you are not a police officer or an FBI agent and have no connections to anyone like those I am afraid you cannot. These are private info.
The difference is the nano can get cases, it has a screen, and it can save more music.  The nanos are better.  The shuffles don't have a screen, or a holder, and they save less songs.  I know this because my mom has the nano and i have the shuffle.shuffles smaller in size, and has less memoryyea the nano has a screen so you can hold photos,  play games, and pick what you want to listen to when you want it. with the suffle all you can do is listen to music but it picks which songsThe shuffle doesn't have a screen, and it doesn't have the functions that requires a screen that the nano has.The nano has a screen. Shuffle doesn'tI have just bought the iPod shuffle, and the main difference I can see is that it is tiny and has a clip tht fixes to jeans / shorts / or whatever.The shuffle is a simple flash drive with an audio feature.  This allows you to store songs as individual files and play them in order, or random selection.. . The nano comes with a screen and allows you to see and select the songs without needing to conect to a pc.  It will also allow you to play videos.The nano is crap, the shuffle is even worse.. Be an individual and don't follow the heard.. iSheep say bahhhhhhhhhh. . http://www.idont.com/news/
Because you have exceeded your download limit, or, there are too many people using the bandwidth.Mine does it after about 5 mins at 200k. 8 Mb and 50Gb limit my left nut. This is at 4am.
use a tool that converts it. Super from erightSoft is a great toolAnother way to convert it is to use the video-editing software that came with your computer. Import the wmm file into it, and then export it as an AVI file.. . Hope I helped.
go to www.cingular.com/ringtones pick it then hit submit then go to ur cellphone and go to messaging and browser templates click it and then it will show them hit submitt and ther u go GOOD LUCKis your phone on vibrate mode? or silent mode? you have to change it back to master volume. there should be a button on the side of your phone, if not, then open yur phone up and go to settings and tools, click on sounds, and then it should say something like style:, and you can change it from theremaybe you set your fone to silent and there are no need for ringtones...
Call Cingular customer care and let them know that you have the unlock code for your phone, but need help putting it in. They will tell you what to do. . . 1-800-331-0500 . put in a cingular wireless phone number. 0. 0. gets you right to a person!. . I checked all of the stuff that I have available to me as a Cingular Wireless employee, but it is not giving me any info on how to unlock the SIM on the phone. I think that only customer care will have this info. Good luck!Here it is:. put non Cingular SIM,power on the phone-screen will read "invalid SIM"-type your code and press accept.
right click on trak and clik get track info. . and update ur itunes if u need 2Nope.  You're going to have to input them yourself.  The only way the computer knows what CD it is is by the number of tracks and how long each one is.
Install the software/driver using the CD that came with the camera.  Then you can connect your camera to the computer with a USB cable to download the photos.  Or you can also use a USB card reader.with ur eyes and fingersIf you don't have (or can't find) USB cable, consider buying a card reader instead.  This will work with any camera you buy in the future, as well.. . If you get a card reader, no additional software is necessary.  This is not only faster, but it saves your camera batteries.  Your computer or printer may even have a card reader built into it.  I have enough USB ports that I just leave it plugged in all the time.. . First of all, be sure there are some pictures on the card.  Plug the card reader into an open USB port.  Plug the card into the appropriate slot on your card reader.  I use Photoshop Elements and as soon as I plug my card into the reader, it starts its own card reader and displays a thumbnail of every picture on the card.. . If this does not happen automatically, open your photo editing software. Do whatever you usually do to open a file, but click on the selector where you can change drives. Your card reader will be assigned a new drive name that will be one letter higher than you ever saw before, such as "Drive G:" or such. Then, just double click on the name of the file you want to open and it will appear in your photo editor.read the instructionsif you have a memory card then put the memory card into the computer if not then use the usb cable that came with your camera and hook it up to your computer and camera. . . your manual should tell yuo more info.When you bought your camera, it should have came with a cable and a software disk. If you don't have it, you might have to get both the software and cable.
An i-pod is an MP3 player. I-pod is a brand name for the MP3 player made by apple... they are exactly the same thing!the price!An iPod is an mp3 player. iPods will play music, but depending on the make, they will also play videos and podcasts. Mp3 players vary by brand, but you can buy ones with just as much, if not more, memory than an iPod. It's a matter of personal preference.It's all just about the name...an ipod is an MP3 player. its just the most known one thats all.. i personally have a sony MP3 which i think is better than the ipod and so does my mate who has an ipod. mine can hold alot more tunes than hers and the sound is better when put on speakers.. depending on which MP3 you have bought her she will be up there with the ipod.An iPod is like youtube and myspace. It's for pretencious* young people. If you look at the specs, they're not that great.An iPod is a refined mp3 player and works with iTunes (a music subscription service).  It is also much smaller, thinner, and sexier looking than anything else on the market.  Some versions have a very nice screen for playing videos.  Also the controls of the iPod are very intuitive.its basically the same thing...but i guess the ipod..is .."cooler"..but yeh..thier the same
Apple has basically dominated the legal mp3 game.  Itunes make for like 80 or 90% of all legal downloaded music.  Plus they have games, tv shows, news movies.   I think the advantage is that you'll have more purchasing options with an ipod, and if you decide to sell it will be a piece of cake on ebay.Three primary things:. . 1 - Downloading 99-cent songs from iTunes.  Those downloads won't work on an MP3 player, as they're in an iPod-only format.  (However, you CAN play standard MP3-format audio on an iPod.). . 2 - User interface.  Tap, slide, scroll, all from a single faceplate, with a good GUI above it.. . 3 - Aftermarket support.  The REAL win if you want to interface your player to your car, a home system, etc.  . . And one other thing, more difficult to define:. . 4 - It's cooooooler.... . Now, that being said... I have an older Creative Labs Zen which has performed very well for almost three years.  I bought it instead of an iPod because, when I was shopping, the iPod's battery life was not sufficient (I needed 10+ hours for regular long car trips), but that has changed and the newer iPods have longer battery life.  (Also the overall effective life of the built-in batteries in iPods was problematic, but I believe that has changed as well.). . I play my Creative Zen in the car and at home; it's not rocket science, you just plug a mini-jack cable into the headphone outlet and connect the other end to powered speakers of some kind and you've got great sound.  At home, I have a cable with a mini-jack at one end and RCA jacks at the other and I play through my receiver; in the car I have one of those adapters that goes into the tape player.  The sound is adequate, MARGINALLY less clear than a CD, but you can buy iPod-compatible stereos that take the DIGITAL output from the iPod and convert it internally, so you don't lose any quality through the connectors if that keeps you awake at night.. . All in all... we got my younger daughter an iPod for Christmas last year, and it's cooler than my Zen.  And the 30Gb video iPods are now $249 at the Apple Store, which is about what I paid for my Zen two and a half years ago.  The upshot is that we're planning to get my oldest daughter an iPod for her birthday (early next month), because the cost differential isn't great enough for the features to make it worth getting something else.I know a disadvantage. ITunes wants to keep everything in it's proprietary format, so it is not that easy to port the songs to standard MP3. You can change the default to MP3, but last time I bought from ITunes I didn't get that choice. Therefore to get these as MP3 I had to burn a CD with the songs, then re-rip them with Windows Media Player to get the MP3 version
Are there any windows to your back when you are watching T.V..  Maybe someone with a similar remote is playing with you. I could change a neighor's TV from across the street. Great fun.Have you ever experienced anything else out of the ordinary in your house? Sounds like you have yourself some ghost friends that speak spanish. lolIf your TV's manufacturer is hispanic or is in a hispanic country that could be one reason...or your TV is possessed by spanish TV demons.Maybe the remote needs a new battery....Maybe someone playing with you, maybe your unit defect and need repair, but definitely not a ghost.. If it's defect maybe the IC control or IC memory problem
go to bed now and stop asking adult questionsyou may want to explain what this is related to. It's hard to give you an explaination if I don't know what this is in reference to.
??  You want to sell your PS3 to an entire continent?Why Africa?  There's plenty of Americans wanting one.  And they probably have more money to spend.
1.GET WMP 11. . 2.Import your mp3s into the WMP library. Organize it as you like, create playlists or whatver you want.. . 3.If your player syncs ok with WMP (check and be sure first), then connect it and click on the sync tab, when you see your player is recognized, then click on start sync.rip it from cd's then hook your player up to the computer and go to syncronize and tranfer itFirst, you put the CD into your computer. Open Windows Media Player. You click on rip. It it goes into your library.I think that you have to go to extract then put a check beside all the songs you want to put in. It all goes into the Library. After you go to ccopy or something 9in french it's Graver but I think it should say copy in English)
I would check your connections first.  Especially if you have moved or cleaned behind the unit.. . As to what has happen, sound like you may have lost one or more guns in the tube.  But first check you connection, before you go calling in a technician.you might have the tv to close to some speakers move them away asap,the magnet on the speakers cause the colors on the tv to mess up if that was the cause of it their is a device called the wand  you will need to buy it or take it to you local repair shop they will have one all you do is pass the wand where the tv is messed up that will take care of it if not you will need to get it serviced good luck
ask your parents? !!!!If you have an instruction booklet, you might want to check if you can somehow reset it. Also, you can always get information about your TV on the internet if you don't have an instruction booklet.try using "0000" or "1234"; that's the usual reset password for most V-Chip tv's and cable boxes
FL studioTry FL Studio, there are loads of tuts on the net. It's a really useful tool.. . I dunno exactly what you want though :/
(:Make sure the switch is on on the iPod and that the computer can read the iPod. If it can read it it won't charge it. . . also make sure the computer is on.It might be the connection, did you plug it all the way in or update the software.  Try recharging it on another computer or something that has a USB port.Sorry, sounds like the battery is done.because oj is guiltyMaybe the battery is no good, you should contact Apple.
You do not have to convert MP3's to put them on your ipod. Simply add them to your iTunes library and syncrhonise. And in response to Liz- do not convert them to wave format for that is uncompressed and would take up a lot of memory if you intend to have any decent quality. And iTunes (which comes with your ipod and can also be downloaded free) can be used to convert song files.Your Ipod is a MP3 player.Download Itunes and then move your files into Itunes..You do not need to covert the music. Itunes will make it easier to load onto your Ipod. If you need help on how to put files into Itunes...click file on the menue bar and move the folder into itunes. Plug in your ipod the computer and the rest is automatic.Easy! you can search online for a free audio converter! I use SC audio converter its totally for free and totally safe... any songs you have in MP3 format you can convert just a couple of clicks away!!! just google it. Then you should be able to drag and drop into your itunes. Just convert them to WAV files you can convert them back and forth! good luck!
Unless you have hd equipment and the program you are watching on tv is mastered for surround sound than that is all you will get.  With your dvd player upgrade to a coaxial audio cable (orange) or optical if you haven't already for far superior sound. (If your system supports this.)your tv output may be variable-this is to say you can alter the information being outputted by using the volume control on your remote so next time try turning up the remote volume-either this or select the appropriate input on your receiver for stereo tv input.-it is also worth noting that if your tv does have variable output ensure the volume is set to mute-this feature should be in the tv's menu. also ensure that the speaker parameters are set for the input supporting your tv (the speaker set-up may not be the same as your DVD players input).
words are easier to remember....then numbers....Telephone keypads have 3 letters under each munber so VOTE means 8683. It is a way of remembering who to call if you are not great at remembering numbersIt spells their name out as a text would using the number keys.
The files that you download from Limewire are automatically stored to a folder called Shared. (to get there go to C:/documents and settings/ "your name"/ shared...). . then just right click on it and copy to your iPod.You can use http://feed-my-ipod.notlong.com for Lifetime full download access to movies/music/games . Plus 24 hour technical support.
PS2 memory cards are designed to hold game saves only.. while the PSP memory card are designed to hold game saves and music, movies, pictures and such..1000 MB = 1 GB.  The answer is that the technology for the PS2 memory cards is almost 7 years old.  The flash memory technology at today's level was not available back in 2000 with the PS2 launched.No, a gigabyte (GB) is bigger than a megabyte (MB).  I would imagine the reason for the amount of space on the PSP cards is because they're designed to hold music and movies, which take up a lot more space than save game files--which is all the PS2 memory cards are designed to hold.. . ~Scottie
http://en.Wikipedia.org will have the answers for you.Whew... that would be one long answer.  See the article below for a basic understanding.  I just read an article yesterday that said LCDs are going to take the market in about 3- 5 years and that Plasma won't be able to keep up.  It also said that the price of LCD will drop in about 12 months, so if you can hold out, you may want to do so.. . Good luck with your choice!PLASMA uses gas in plasma form for display, LCD uses liquid crystal display and a light source for display DLP Digital Light Processing uses a color wheel and moving mirrors. . Plasma TV is still the biggest, but LCD TV is now also available in a size similiar to a medium Plasma TV and a good one also offer better contrast. A good LCD TV tend to be higher in price than a Plasma TV in the same size.  DLP a little less than plasma and has a smaller market share.   A DLP has a bulb that has to be replaced on a regular basis.  It can be fairly expensive but can be done by the consumer. . . Both LCD and Plasma are thin enough to mount on the wall while a DLP is much lighter but looks like a traditional TV. As for different kinds TVs.. . You may also want to look at getting a projector and mount it to the ceiling.plasma is bad....the screen burns in to fast only lasts 3 to 4 years......... LCD is the best it last 12 to 15 years....... and DLP is digital liquid display but i dont know anything about those...Plasma and LCD are close to the same just LCD cost more are lighter and better picture.DLP are more wide and cheaper but rear projection as in the one sony has are better the DLP but cost a little more. they are worth the money. so get and LCD or LCD projection.To begin with HDTV means high def TV all that you mention can display this signal, Plasma is a gas charged HDTV,  LCD is liquid crystal display that comes in 2 formats flat panel like a plasma or projection that is similar to DLP  the difference is the way the image gets to the screen both LCD and DLP projection have a light source that shines the image to the screen LCD uses small lcd panels 1 or 3 depends on the brand you choose and DLP uses a color wheel combined with the Texas Instruments mirror chip. To make it simple when shopping for a TV go for what fits your room, and wallet (don't waste money getting a flat panel unless you are space deprived or you are really going to hang it on the wall) All these styles of TVs can produce a good HD image  just pick the one that gives the best picture to you. Also don't get caught up on brands either even the cheap brands get their parts from the big brands
usually the red,yellow,white are for video game box hookups. just connect your directv cable into the "in" jack of the vcr and then run a cable from the "out" jack to the tv. enjoy your directv its great!reaD THHE DIRECTION
it doesnt update the ipodDo you have latest firmwere installed for your ipod model? check ipod updater.
Government.the reason is proberly because some of the stores the owners are cheep selfish bastereds!!!!!!!!!!!!!!There are lots of factors. The main ones are import and sales taxes (this is the amount the EU and UK governments add to the cost of the item) and exchange rates (the pound is stronger than many other currencies including the US dollar and the Yen).. . Companies also tend to set their prices based on how much they think customers are prepared to pay for the items they sell, and not necessarily how much the items are worth. Perhaps Sony thinks British consumers are prepared to pay more for the PS3 than American and Japanese consumers?two reasons.. 1) The UK import these items making them more expesive. 2) 17.5% VAT is also payable.welcome to rip-off Britainif people didnt rush out & buy this stuff, the manufacturers would have to drop prices!!. . dont think the british government help either, the more these things sell for, the more vat they getThe government is a little greedy here!  They tax everything - I can't see how on earth they manage to spend all that money they take!supply and demand....that is how price is determined EVERYWHEREcuz the people who live there are RICH.So the businessman know this point and let the price be high and when the rich guys buy things they also can be rich(i guess). (jealous of those little  rich girl)Because we are stupid enough to pay it.....it is a rip off in britain thats why look on the net you should get one cheaper.Because we have a booming economy!!Years ago it was said,"The Sun never sets in the British Empire". How? You can understand it if you knew history.. The rich country has to shed out more now. . There is something called balance and nature restores it in time.because they know they can get away with it. tax and all that rubbish. just get one shipped in, its probably still cheaper with postage added on. this country is obsessed with having the right gadgets at the right time therefor we all rush out to get it before anyone else we know might have it, if we didnt then maybe things would start to lower in pricecos they can
Uh, Dude! They call it burn for a reason. It's burned on there now. You DON'T get rid of it. All you can do is replace the screen, and that's mucho dinero. Might as well just pop a new one on the credit card.can't ...sorry ...that sucks!!!From what I know, you can't. A friend of ours was watching Original Sin and fell asleep. When she woke up the next morning, the words Original Sin, which was large, was burn into her T.V.on some plasmas, if you go the the menu where u adjust color and everything, there is an overnight wipe that MAY get rid of the burn.  you leave it on overnight and it tries to get rid of it...  try that, see if theres anything like that... . sorry about that man, that sux.  go LCD next time...you pray, because plasma burn in is near impossible to get rid of. if it is very, and I mean very slight you may get rid of it but if not, the only person that can help you now is God
1. Using USB port/cable (with the software provided). 2. If Ur comp has Infrared / Bluetooth adapter, using them ...I'm not familiar with Sony Ericsson technology. I have a Nokia phone. But I guess transferring videos/songs is the same. Well, if you have bluetooth software in your computer, you can transfer videos using that. But if you also have the Sony Ericsson USB and the CD, install the software where you're going to do the transferring of files. I'm sure that's in the Sony Ericsson manual. It would help if you read the manual so you will be assisted of what to do and how to do it. Goodluck.
first download the apple itunes software. Then you add songs on itunes. Then you just plug the ipod into the computer with the usb and it automatically puts all the songs in itunes onto your nano. Also, use limewire to get songs and videos. I have over 1000 songs and 10 vidoes on my ipod and i got them free from limewire.from your i tunes libary,just drag and dropadd the song to iTunes...just insert the CD and burn it onto iTunes.... . hope that helps.... . if you mean from a downloader, there's some button on iTunes that you can transfer the songs to iTunes...just drag and drop, drag it from your itunes library into your ipod when connected, if u selected manually add music. if you selected automatic update, it will be automatically added once you connect your ipod.
One TV scart will be outputing the digital signal, just connect it to your VCR, select AV1 or whatever on the VCR and hit record.. . If it doesn't work, go into the tv menu and set the output signal on the  av scart to TV or something similar.make sure its on cable tv.
First, download some game from a site. (If it's a .zip file, unzip it first.). Since the Palm 700w/wx use Windows Mobile, you will need some special software to put it on your device.the Treo 700wx is not running palm os but windows mobile so you have to get special softwares for that devise .. go to . http://www.pocketgear.com/. have fun
You need to save the file to your computer then added it to itunes by clicking on file then click on add a file to libraryFollow the link from your iTunes programme.  You can by iTunes music cards to pay for the music you want to buy.  They're available everywhere.  Places that sell mobile phone recharge vouchers will usually sell iTunes vouchers too.  Try your local petrol station.depends where you downlaod from.. I download straight from ITunes so goes Straight into my library.. *vouchers - £15.00 from Carphone warehouse* - 79p a track. . If you download from sumwhere else it goes into your recieved Documents... . . You then go into that file.. look for the song.. left click.. then open with ITunes... then that opens in your Itunes Library.. . . then Bobs your uncle!!. . think thats what you want x Hope it helpsYou must first install itunes on your computer and put all your music into there.  I download music from limewire then manually put it into my itunes.  Once it is there just plug in you ipod and it will automatically upload.
A moist cloth but make sure it's not to wet. You should never use chemicals on it.It is called CRT for Cathode Ray Tube which yes is a TV screen use a soft towel and a little windex applied to the towel wipe gently.Your crt is made of none coated glass on the outside, so it is safe to use windex or other glass cleaners on it.  LCD screens should NEVER have cleaners used on them as they ARE a coated screen.  Use only a damp clean cloth on them.
Your camera should have came witha CD to install the program on you PC. Install camera software program with the CD.. . I use WindowsXP Pro and I can just go to My Computer and open the camera there.If you have a CD that came with the camera you download the software. if not contact the manufacture and ask them.. . Hope i helped :)
recording moviesa dvd-r is a blank dvd disk. if you have a dvd burner you can use it to store data or copy dvds. it´s like a blank cd just with more capacity (4.5 gb)
so you have windows media player??? use that. You have to have all ur songs that u downloaded saved and u plug in ur mp3 playa and click on synchronise find ur file and click start sync!if its an ipod you need to install the apple software and download itunes.. . if its any other mp3 player, read the instruction manual.  it is put in the box for a reason.First you should connect your mp3 player to the computer,then you should see it has appered on the my computer folder.  Most likely it came with a CD that you can download to your computer and just drag the songs in the software.
yes; any of the 1 hour places Wal-Mart, CVS, etc. or you can save money and pick the prints up in a couple of daysany place that develops film...of course you can and tht is not a stupid question that is what this site is for ask away lolAny place that develops film will be able to process the disposable camera's film.  Just give it to them as if it were a roll of film by itself.  They recycle the camera components and develop the pictures.. . Good luck!!Most retailers that do photo developing are able to develop the film in your disposable camera. The term disposable simply means once the film is removed from the unit it cannot be refilled with new film. I do know that stores like wal-mart, CVS and others will develop the film.yes you sure can. ive done it plenty of times.
yupdepending on how warm ur heat gets it maybe okay.. dont take my word for it... it will work when the air is on but heat is risky!!!
T-mobile doesn't offer just sidekick data service. You have to get voice, too.  If you get t-mobile prepaid, you'll essentially have data only-- it's $30 a month for data... plus any voice minutes you use. Try that.well, the sidekick 3 prepaid doesnt really come with integrated voice, it is $1 a day for unlimited everything (email, text, im, online axcess) and you pay using the prepaid card or a credit card. if you want to talk on it, it is around 15 cents a minute.Hi there!. I know there is a company is having a promotion for free cell phone.. And not the low end phone like other company. They are either Motorola V3 or Blackberry, or Sidekick, or MDA phone. With signing up 2 years data plan with T-Mobile, after rebate, you’ll get the phone and Bluetooth headset for free, plus $75 back in your pocket. Check out the website http://www.plexusproducts.com.... or Order toll free 1-877-2818333 Use promo code 56185 for this discount.
It's a music player, like a walkman only no need for tapes or CD's, it's all saved on a computer, and in the memory of the playerand MP3 player is a digital music player.  the most common of course is the iPod.  You put music on your computer from CD's you own or Song you pay money to download off of iTunes, and you hook your MP3 player to your computer via a USB cable and put the music on the MP3 player from your computer.  You can then walk around with your MP3 player and a pair of headphones and listen to your music wherever you go, and with the right adapter you can listen in the car.  MP3 players are not made for games at all, but the newly released iPod actually comes with some games such as Tetris and Solitaire.  iPod's range from about 100 bucks to 400 bucks, depending on the hard drive size you buy.  The bigger the hard drive, the more music you can have with you at all times.  That's an MP3 player.  Hope this helps.an MP3 Player just holds songs and music, and allows the owner to listen to these tracks on the go. They start from about £12, but the more you pay, the more songs they store. I don't think she's too young and the only expense after buyin it is batteries..... may i suggest rechargables!!!! Hope this helps.They cost from 10 quid. They play music files which you get from your computer (legally). On some ipods (180 quid) they can play games and videos but then that is really an mp4 player.. She is old enough to have one, if you feel your are ok with her listening to music.it's a USB stick ,but it is for transfering music onto it through a computer or laptop it can also be used as a memory stick for a computerYes she is old enough. It downloads music it cost money but you can get them free.They cost around 39$ up to 200$ at wal-mart.. You go to a website and find down-loadable music for a MP3 player.I'm 9 and I have a ipod same as Mp3 player just different names.I have an ipod nano, and that is an MP3 player. THere are tons of others, too. You plug your Mp3 player into the computer, and put music on it. My nano was a hundred something bucks, I can't really remember. She's old enough to have it if she can listen to music.
Check your phone's manual if it has this block feature.Unfortunately, there isn't enough demand for this feature for any carrier to implement it. The only guaranteed solution is to remove the alcohol from the equation.. . I don't think you can convince Cingular to manually put a block in their system for you.
Hi, Rather than have your earphone plugs hanging down, place them in your ears in the upward position & loop the leads behind your ears this will lessen the drag on the earplugs. Then you can either run the leads down the front of your top or down the back of your neck. Of course a lot will depend on the amount of physical body movement you are engaged in while using your equipment.You have got issues.get your ears loweredTry leaving some slack cable inside your top, then when they snag on your top and pull, theres more cable for it to tug at before they come out of your ears.Try not to make the headphone's strings too tight down your top. Try to let some slack loose. Not much is needed, just don't make it so tight that any slight movement will yank them out of your ears.. . A lot of jackets have internal pockets, so if you're wearing one you could always put the MP3 Player in those. It won't be visible and there will be a lot of loose cord.. . If all else fails, buy earphones with a longer cord.wot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!IIRC, some come with a little crocodile clip on the lead to attach to your clothing to prevent this sort of thing.well  =u cud get sum earphones which go ovr ur head
I think you are talking about the Blurps you "hear" in your speakers.  The problem is speakers are not shielded so they pick up energy from outside sources.  In this case GSM is at a frequency that speakers pick up and transmit as audible sound.. . You might notice that it is not always when making a call, it is also when you cell phone sends messages to local towers, you will here a BLURP or two.Well, the phone is a transmitter. The radio signals induce currents in the phone/TV.
i think u might have to call the phone place to tell them put if that dont work then i dont think u can but keep tryin there should be some way .                   i hope this soda helped .                             ? chloewhen your at the menu to open mobile IM, you should be able to push a right or left 'softkey' or whatever, and it'll bring up a new menu.. choose 'remove app'. . or maybe theres an option menu and then you can just go to remove apps
The manufacturer.... . Only Apple makes iPodsThey are compatible with different formats of music file.. . mp3 players can play mp3 files, and perhaps other formats such as ogg, depending on the player. Most mp3 players cannot play apple's own proprietary format (the itunes format).. . ipods can play apple's own format as well as mp3, but they can't play ogg.i'm not much of a gizmo freak but as far as i know there are two differences:. 1. ipods are of better quality. . 2. their storage capacity is more.. well, ipods cost much more than an mp3 so i bet its better (stupid....?, but might be! )
If you have HDMI connections, this is the most convenient . way.  See or contact Crutchfield for specific help...Put the white wire where the white wire goes.  Put the red wire where the red wire goes.  Put the thingamabob in the thingsbabob, and BINGO !  There you go.  Maybe someone should've made sure their TV came with instructions mmmm?First, you need to determine what type and how many of a each cable type your TV supports.  The typical inputs are HDMI (flat looking connector, single cable), component (three colored cables that look like the cables to connect your stereo), S-video (one multi-pin cable) and composite ( one cable that looks like the cables to connect your stereo).  This should all be in your TV manual.  Then you need to determine the same thing about your cable box and DVD.  Then, hook a compatible cable between the cable box or DVD to the TV.  The list of cables is in the order of quality...so, HDMI is better than component, etc.  If you are using your receiver for sound, then you will also need to run audio cable from the DVD and cable box to the receiver.
there's an onscreen keyboard you use to type.no.  you just use the arrow keys and click the keyboard that pops up on the screen.  read your manual and you'll find out.  i found out just by messing around tho...real easy
Maybe some kind of modulator. I have never seen a scart, but when I got my first dvd player 8 years ago I had to get a modulator to go from vga to coaxial Hope this helps but I think this one is way over my headI assume that the scart connector is for external components only and no connection is needed for the video cassettes. In this case just connect the DVD player via cable with a scart plug at each end, then when you play a DVD the player should automatically switch the TV to the video channel and you will then be able to watch your DVDsok, I had the very same problem... . use a scart cable to hook up the DVD player to the TV and on the TV remote you should have a "AV" button .. just keep pressing it, it will flick through all the connections ie. TV Video.. one of them should be your DVD player.. don't worry about the kids learning how to do it, they will pick it up quicker than you!!connect one scart from tv to the video and then the other scart from the video to the dvd and after some tuning via tv or changing channels on your videoplayer it should work, it does take some prattling about here and there before you get it right. also look at changing or switching your television mode.
Here's a website: http://www.palmsource.com/interests/medicine/. . My dr. wife says that most docs she knows are using windows mobile devices (Dell, I think) vs. palm os.  This agrees with what I've read in a magazine for handhelds.  I have a Palm TX.  It has a good combination of specs: large screen, wi-fi and bluetooth capable, and low cost.  Buydig.com has the best price on a new device, and delivery is quick and cheap (maybe even free?).  Epocrates is a mostly free app for docs, but some databases will cost you.  It might be mainly for internists, however (check on this).  Turn-offs about Palm: screen defects due to use are not covered by warranty and customer service has a bad rep.. . Check out CNET.com for product reviews and specs.  They have a good searchable database of products, where you can limit you search to features like connectivity, and cost.ONLY GO WITH AN HP...There are so many discounts and benefits for using an HP iPAQ for medical.  They have a whole division that deals witht he medical field...Whichever PDA you choose make sure it runs on the Palm operating system.  If you are a doctor you will not have a lot of time for frozen screens and resets which you will need to do with Windows Mobile.  I need to reset my Windows Mobile at least once....maybe more per day and that is always, of course, at the time when I need it most.  Trust me on this one.
first, check with yahoo beta to see if that persons cell phone is compatible with their service network. if it does work then pls vote me best answer:)It's called an sms message.simply enter the number and type your  message!  simple!
Yes, it can be done.  You might look for a professional video dealer near you.  Not Best Buy or Circuit City.  A professional video dealer will deal with high end video equipement, they normally have NTSC to PAL transfer decks, it will probably cost you about $40 for a tape transfer.It is possible, however, you need some high priced equipment to do it. Pelco has a matrix switcher that will transfer ntsc tape to pal tapes using two video players (ntsc input, matrix, to the Pal recorder) These run about 5000 for what you want to do.I can do it for you if you are interested contact me at alemaga@comcast.netno
1.plug in the mp3 player. . 2.go to my computer.. 3. right click on the device (it may say the name of the mp3 player).. 4. select delete or remove from the drop down menu.. . note: if any messages come up saying new hardware recognised or if you have software for the mp3 player already installed just ignore it and close the windows then follow the steps above..   good luck.Hello,.    This is a simple Process, Firstly just enter your Mp3 Into your computer and go into 'My Computer'  and your MP3 Player should be on a little tab. Double Click and there should be a list of all the songs on your MP3. Simple right click over the song you wish to delete and select 'Remove' or 'Delete'.. . Simple . . Thanks For Reading
I haven't had a problem with t-mobile. I have waited 45 minutes when I was with Orange, they were awful.no on t-Mobile but on that at home business you can do yourself. well i was taken in and ordered it money back guaranteed.  HAH i tried to call and call to return it i sat on hold for an hour and fifteen Min's. I needed to return it or be charged 400 and some dollars.  Man was i pissed. i put it on speaker phone and cleaned house.wow that is some serious wait times.  When i transfered my phone number from verizon to t-mobile, it only took a few minutes!Yesterday for Triple AAA to come unlock my car door...2 hours.Onetel, 35 minutes. Reported them to Otelo in the end as couldn't get hold of them to sort out problem.Lou, give up and send them an E mail.  There is probably only one operator this time of night.Aol-1 hour and 43 minutes..they forgot about me, (literally) then i was connected with someone in india i was so mad. i know how you feelYou would choose the most busiest time to call them, wouldn't you? Try between 11am & 2pm.well my friend had to wait about 45 min after that she put the phone down it was so bad48 minutes with easyjet - then to be told she couldn't help me and she disconnected me.... was not a happy bunny....I think that I usually give up around the 20 minute mark.3 network has the worst customer services,i once waited 30 mins and 4 different people to try and sort out a small problem and they had a cheek to charge me the waiting time because i was payt.30 min92 mins just to get transfered againVerizon made us wait 30-50 minutes just for someone to tell us that our phones were disconected.!. man i hate phone companies :(about 45mins calling armstrong flooring company and ontop of that they arent even americans so you can understand a word they say when someone picks up the phone ask for there supervisor so you can get what you needI've never had to wait for T-Mobile, sorry, but I once held for the doctors office for 34 minutes before I hung up.
Shuffles and nano's dont do videosha ha that's great!. Because you have no screen1) You have no screen. 2) You have little to no space for a video. 3) Not an iPod video. 4)... you have no screenbecause you need an ipod video. ipod shuffles are just for music and only hold around 250 songs. the ipod video's go for around $300. bucks, quite expensive and not really worth it.Nice try. Read the manual.
go to the mall and u will find many thereYou can get a really good one . Store : Walmart. Price : 50.00 . Brand: Creative. Color: White. Batteries: it takes 1 AAA battery and it doesnt use up the batteries fast it uses them slow.. Its really good it can hold about 6 Cd's worth of songs on it .HHgregg i just went there and got one for 19.99the cheapest is walmart if course duh =pBest buy is selling Sandisk 1gb mp3 players for $35. Sale ends Sunday I think.I just bought a 5 gig-a-byte player (holds probably 160 give or take) for about 50 dollars. It sells with no shipping or handeling for 40 at: . http://dealnews.com/deals/Go-Video-Rave-MP-ARC5-0-5-GB-MP3-Player-for-40-shipped/134962.html?ref=rss-69263_dealnews_7 . The only problem is that I have not been able to work mine(though I'm sure I just need to let it charge its battery), and the company might be out of business. If anything you can get a 1 gig player (holds probably 100 songs) for about 40-50 dollars on sale to 70 (probably won't go above that).
You either have to send it into Apple through the mail, or go to an Apple store. Either way, it'll cost you somewhere between $50-60 to get it done.i didnt know u could....atleast im sure u cant
It was Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak. . . It was NOT Johnnie Appleseed.heyy it was Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak.. .  :) byeSteve Jobs started the Apple computer company and was ousted by a bunch of suits a couple of years after that.  When the company had been failing against Microsoft they hired him back and he spearheaded the whole IPOD revolution.
I had the same problem, I had to take the stereo apart at the backBlast it and forget it.mr.aka.angus. He is not talking abt computer.he is talking abt sterio sys. Take it to repair shop. U have to open ur ste.sys............If you have a small hole by the eject button or under the tray, stick a straightened paper clip in it and it will come out. If it does not have a hole, you can try hitting eject while using something (like a flathead screwdriver) as a wedge / lever to go between the tray and the stereo, just be gentle.see if you see a little hole on the front where you would normally eject.  Stick a straightened out paper clip in it.  Should eject.  You probably have to go one by one though
Get an ATI All-In-Wonder video card.  It comes with the software you need to do that.IF your computer has a S-Video output and the TV has a S-Video input, just hook a cable between the two.If it is a laptop,no problem.Just ask the guy you bought from.If it is a computer,Buy new hardwareWhy would you do that?  If you want to watch tv from your computer screen you can, Just buy a tv card hook up your computer to a cablemoden, configure and set up, and there ya go. TV!.. The other way around, running your computer using the tv as screen, is very cumbersome and impractical.. . If the reason for all this is because you find the regular computer screen is too small and your eyesight is not the best, Just change the properties of the display and use the large display instead of  small or medium. That's quite easy to do. Ask friends to do it for you if you do not know how.
you need a have a suitable usb cable and the required PC suite software . install them andthen snychronize . then you can veiw yur mails on PCIt depends on the mail provider. Any mobile mail has a server, and that server must have a web address where you can view your account. Check your phone, there must be a settings menu and the server address must be under connections menu. If I knew the mail provider I could help you more..go to the new version of yahoo  massenger type your mobile no and you shoulld get  itYou need your java e-mail client installed on your mobile phone. Flurry for instance:. . http://www.getjar.com/products/3916/flurry. . One you had Flurry installed on your mobile, configue POP and SMTP for your e-mail account and it will work. Of course for that to work you need to have activated Internet access from your mobile.
WHy dont u just take it up to Radio shack u idiot?Get a new battery.  Sounds like yours is defective or not holding a charge.
The basic difference is $100. If you were to purchase the extras to convert a core system into a bundle system you will spend a lot more than $100. The machines are identical except for some bling on the bundled version.The premium 360 has a wireless controller, component HD AV cable, the Hard Drive (which allows one to play many of the original Xbox games), ethernet cable, headset, and it also has premium chrome details on the console itself.. . It's a lot of extra bang for your buck. Definately worth the extra $100
up your butt and around the cornerThat Maria is quite rude, ignore her ignorance.. . I dont have a PSP but if you e-mail me at yahoo then I might be able to help you.
Install Microsoft ActiveSync 4.2 or higher....Uh, install OUTLOOK 2003 and organize your contacts there.  then sync.  Presto - contacts all managed.  The outllook program is on the cd that came with your Dash.
None, you should go with the PANASONIC VIERA, it provides the best picture possible, but isn't good if you are interested with using a dvd player, or playing video games along with it.you should paste the specs in with your question so someone could explain the differences. If the panel itself (as compared to the panel AND the chassis) is the same as the others, then the picture quality will be the same basically. You won't be getting any noticable picture improvements within the same panel line.
I am really sorry to say this but you cannot download itunes in  windows 98. You have to have windows xp or apple windows to install itunes.I'm not sure but I think you have to have Windows xp for ipod to work properly. If all else fails you could always upgrade your computer to a Windows xp. Good luckya just hook it up and use it throe windows expolar no itunes though
to do this you have to buy a USB cable just for that phone and software. Then once you have done that, install the software onto your computer and then plug one end of the USB cable into the USB port on your computer and the other end to your phone.Your phone must have an usb cable and port for it.
Sorry. It's not possible. You have to have iTunes to sync your music to your iPod...... you realize that they're both Apple products, right? iPods don't work without iTunes. You NEED to use iTunes to put your songs on. That's why a disc came with your iPod that told you to install iTunes... duh. And hopefully you're smart enough to realize to use a P2P network to download songs. *cough*Limewire*cough*...If you bend your iPod in half and buy a real mp3 player, like one from Creative Labs, Samsung or Sandisk, you'll be able to move your music back and forth without restrictive Digital Rights Management (DRM - also known as the Recording Industry's ability to limit your enjoyment).  With almost any of the above players, you can also store your word documents, powerpoint presentations, or whatever computer files with you.  . . And you can share your music with your friends at school with a non-ipod using a simple USB cable.  You just can't do that with an iPod because Apple wanted to corner the .99 cents per song market, and the only way they could do that was to let the Record Companies bend them over for royalties.  As a result, NO SHARING/COPYING/BACKUPS  ALLOWED.. . Joey K, thanks for assuming the poster was illegally downloading music.  For all you know, he ripped all of his CDs on his hard-drive and wanted to transfer mp3 files to his player without loading garbage i-tunes software all over his computer.  Not every computer user is dying to load the craptastic i-Tunes modules all over their mp3 files to make them .aac compatible, and I doubt highly that anyone here is stealing from you personally.  Or are you Lars Ulrich with a different name being a troll?you cant put music without itunes...  but u can downloaded from their websiteif you mean the store, check google for websites on ipod music and junk. But if you mean by just plain getting the music into the ipod, that's like asking how do you breathe without oxygen.thats the point of iTunesI could never do it without itunes, but if you dont have itunes you can download it from the website.  If your computer doesnt work well with it then you can try a program that converts it to the ipod by usb.U CANT SRRY
If u want a gr8 quality picture dont go for casios....try Nikon or Canon....ex-Z700. After reading many reviews and comments on multiple sites, I've come to the conclusion that the ex-Z700 is better then the sony w70 and a few others.. . It has many Best Shot modes, includes a docking cradle, and has a 2.7 inch display screen.. . Great camera overall.
Promote the idea of security.  They'll have comfort that you can reach each other at any time, such as they are running late and can't pick you up on time from somewhere.  And, of course, you'll be able to dial 911 from anywhere.. . Promote the idea of pre-pay.  You could propose that they pay for a core amount of minutes, and that you can use money you earn or get as gifts to pay in extra, so you can use the phone for the extra fun stuff such as ringtones, email and pics.  This shows responsibility and ownership.. . If you are a good student you might ask them to recognize it as a reward for your hard work.  This is a good tactic if you can time it after getting a really good grade on a test or for the end of the term (coming up, as is Christmas!).. Be organized in your arguement.do extra work around the house for instance,CHORES.. be nice to them and stop bugging them.. Hope i helped! : - )FIRST, tell them that u want a cellphone and that u'll be a good son if they let u! obviously, they'll say no first since they wont believe u! then in the following month, be really good and whenever they say, . . "Why son, u actually cleared the dishes today!!" . u answer, "I know, Its all for the cellphone!" . . After, doing this continously, they'll start feeling guilty gradually, and they'll HAVE to give u a cellphone sooner or later! also, when they ask u what u want, ALWAYS say cellphone so they get it through their thick heads!You are 13, why do you need a cellphone? You don't have a job or anything of importance going on in your life.buy a prepaid cellphone with your own moneyGet a paper route, or do odd jobs, and get one yourself. Why should your parents be responsible for your bills of luxury?suck up to 'em.. haha.. . no, seriously though. it helps. and try to act extra helpful. good grades doesn't hurt. and point out all the times it'd come in handy to have one. but don't too much.. then they just get annoyed. [=Tell them you'll pay for it.  Then really pay for it.ask for one of those "pay as you go" plans, because the main worry is going over your minutes. Chances are they'll end up with a regular phone plan.  Be considerate with your minutes and all shall be good to go.  Good luck.  Say no to drugs!!!Convince them using the argument that they'll be able to keep tabs on you at all times and that you'll have a way to call 911 in case of an emergency.. . Tell them that if they get you a cheap "Pay As You Go" phone, you'll work and pay for the minutes yourself.hopefully, you can get good advice from good people.
It really depends what the file extension is.  If it's in avi format, you can open by going into the folder where you downloaded the file and viewing it with either windows media player or some other avi player.Like any other program you need to open the torrent from the program unless you have it set up so all you have to do is click on the download torrent link and it should open your client. Unless you mean what to do with the files once they are downloaded, that would depend on the type of file it is.  Most common is a .rar file in that case you would use winrar. Here's a broad search engine for every torrent out there. check it out: http://torrent-finder.com/
Can't.probably can't unless your going to try and hook it up to yoru computer and hack into it, but you'd have to be pretty good (they also have some emulators online that might work)... but your best bet is just to take a picture of it with a camera.  If you have a macro lens or setting use that, and be sure to turn off the flash (or cover it, if you can't).
I'm not sure why you'd want to do this but here goes... The easiest way is to get a sound card for your computer with an S/PDIF digital input that is compatible with the digital output on your minidisc player.  The software that comes with your sound card can record this input digitally which makes a perfect copy to the CD.  . . Please note that since MiniDisc is already a compressed format, going to CD won't lose any quality, but if you convert that CD back to a format like MP3, then you may hear some 'fuzziness' in the recording.. . I've attached a link below to an attachment to popular Sound Blaster cards that will let you do this.  You need this attachment in addition to one of the supported cards listed in the link.well it depends why you are doing it, if you are trying to copy it to cd's to burn on an mp3 like an ipod then dont move it to a cd just download the music you want online. (the music u had on your ipod)otherwise do as the other guy said.
put the mouth piece next to the radio the music will go in there .This depends on your phone company. A lot of companies will "lock" your phone, making it impossible to gets songs except straight from them.. . To get songs from your phone company, you have to log onto the internet browser and then go to where it says you can DL songs. Be aware that being on the internet costs money (it will usually warn you before logging in) and songs also cost money. Typically they are around $1-5.. . If your phone is not locked, you can get an adapter to hook your phone up to your computer and I believe it comes with software. I believe your phone supports Mp3s so that makes it easier. Unfortunately the cord adapter is usually kind of expensive and you can't tell if your phone is locked until you try (as far as I've seen).. . You can also look for websites that allow you to send yourself songs. http://mobile17.com/  works quite well, but if you are just using a free account you will have wait times.. This will send you a song and it will give you an email with a link. In your phone's web browser, surf to that link and it will allow you to download that song to your phone.All I can think of for cingular is record the music. But if you had Verizon Wireless instead you would be able to sue V-Cast which is very easy and affordable.
the term unlocked means you can use this phone with any carrier.. The phone is not locked to any particular carrier.. in other words you do not have to use it for cingular, or verizon, or tmobile, or ...... If phone is unlocked it can be used on any network that uses that type phone.unlocked refers to the keys are unlocked so you can dial, when keys are locked you can't use them for anything
=]i think because it was an avi file, u can't get d visual (just audio). usually i don't like receiving files my phone (K750i) doesn't support unless i can convert them on d PC Suite so maybe u didn't follow the converting process well (cos to think of it, if u converted avi to mp4, then it should give u visuals.) my advice, convert it to 3gp, i'm sure u'll get ur full video with this file format aight, peace.
Don't complain via email.  Go to your local cingular store and ask to speak to people directly.  Email and letters go unanswered- trust me, I've been there.You use the contact us link on the web page and you will get a 'canned' response and then a genuine response. these emails are read by real people.You can't.  You must use the "Contact Us" link on the Cingular webpage.  You will get a response but it could be canned.
Most people start with Price, Phone and then retailer. Wrong combination. Look for the retailers reputation first, check for feedback, check for location..On ebay you find sellers who are actually in Hong kong but appear to be in the US or Canada and once you purchase a phone and it arrives into north america by fedex etc you will be charged a brokerage fee and customs duty and tax on top of what you paid! FEDEX UPS will not release package unless you pay for it.. I generally buy the latest phones as they come out use it for a couple of weeks sell them and buy the next newest thing out there..it's a hobby for me but i managed to successfully get scammed many times. Check out http://shop.maplemobiles.com/ very reliable free shipping.With a credit card!  Oh!  Giggidy giggidy giggidy!  Alllllllll riiiiight!got to a cell phone company home page and buy onego to the brand of phone u want, and there u shuld be able to order it, tho u probably have to give ur credit card number, i think its better if u go to a shop...simply
List in the front of any phone book....Look in the call guide section in front of your white pages.  Usually, there is an index.  If not, flip through the pages and you will find national and international pages that give major cities and their call numbers.  Also, international guidelines are here.
Plug in your mp3 player. Go to My Computer. Then you should either see a "Drive E" or Drive F" and click on them. Then, just drag the songs to that folder and they should upload to your mp3 player.with most mp3 players you just connect it to your pc and the program should pop up. from there you can either search for music files on your pc or drag and drop the songs you want. (all depends on the kind of mp3 you have)Just follow the guidelines in the user's manual.Well if you have an Ipod. . 1.) You need to go to:. . http://www.apple.com/itunes/download/. . to download itunes.. . 2.) You can search for music u like,but when u click buy. you will have to have a credit card or paypal account. to purchase music. (note: you need to register a credit card,before using itunes,just in case you accidentaly go over limit.). . 3.) use your screename & password to purchase music. . 4.) let the music download. . 5.) Go to your itunes music libary & click the songs with check marks on which ones you want to play on your ipod.. . 6.) plug in your ipod with the usb cord.. . 7.) It will upload music automaticly.. . 8.) You can also listen to just itunes on your com if you like,and then ipod on the go. (it will save your battery life.). . Good Luck!wow lame T-Tif you're using an ipod, u need to download iTunes at their site.. . if you're not, most mp3 players are just drag and drop. u may download songs or rip cd then copy paste in the folder. connect your player via usb then a window will open, u may click "open folder to view files" or u may just open my computer and u'll see "removable disk" click that then copy from the folder u saved your songs then paste in the removable disk folder.. . hope this helps! cheers ;)
My company offers a online photo album where you can send your pictures (there is usually a small fee for each picture sent and would check with your provider).  From the online album you should be able to print them off from your computor or send them to whom ever you want to have them.  Good luck.please use data cord.
refurbished....rebuilt.....used...refurbished are rebuilt phones abd most of the time will carry the same warranty as a new one.  and real tone ringtones sounds like the real thing
It might be because they really are retarded. These are probably people who spend there lives playing video games.    . So if you don't want to end up like them I suggest keep video game playing to a minimum..  :)Most people are retarded.  Playing XBOX live with a bunch of 12 yr old ain't helping, since their brains haven't fully developed.Thats the whole point of Xbox Live is so we can all talk sh** to each other and t-bag them when they die. . (this is never going to go away so just raise your sh** talking skills and roll with it)Probably because they are about 6 to 10 years of age.They say stupid stuff so everyone thinks they are funny. I notice it sometimes.
u can't do thisIf you have any mp3, wma, or wav files on your computer, you can use Phone Sherpa's ringtone maker to convert your music into custom ringtones:. . http://www.phonesherpa.com. . They format it for your phone model then send it to you wirelessly. Its very easy to do. Phone Sherpa also has a wallpaper maker that formats any jpg or gif to your exact phone screen size.Firstly, What Make & Model Number Is Your Phone,. Secondly, The Only Way You Can Download a Ringtone On Your Phone W/o Blu Tooth, Ir & Data Cable Is Through WAP, So Is Your Phone WAP Enabled, If Yes, Then Are You Subscribed To Airtel Or Hutch, If Yes, Then You Can Check With These Providers How To Get The Latest Ringtones.
an adapterAn external media adapter or switch with one of the others...DVD/CDIt may sound funny but I know that playstation sells a 3 port input plug. This allows you to keep all your game consoles plugged in and all you have to do is just switch the dial to whcih one you are using at the time.  It may helprf modulator or gaming media centerBuy a new TV
Sony Ericsson's phones have java based technology but not compatible with any kind of software u want a data cable and a PC for download gamesdont buy a data cable buy a bluetooth adapter for you computer and copy the software and games without any cables.. . I have the same phone and the bluetooth adaptor cost me £16 and picked up my mobile right away.. . Hope this helps...
Since it finds them that means ur bluetooth's shown to all, so what you'll do now is pair the device (it'll ask for a passcode which u'll enter on both devices) with d old phone after which it should be able to transfer, goodluck.There is an option of "Shown to all" in the Bluetooth Options. . Enable this.The pictures may have been locked.. you can check this in the files properties.. . Make sure that the phones are paired correctly with a correct link.
the shape. 1st gen the sides are flat. 2nd gen they are round.The number one difference is the case. The Gen 1 cases are plastic and have been prone to scratching. The Gen 2 cases are aluminum. All things being equal, I would get the Gen 2. Brighter screen, more storage, longer battery life, coolness factor.i think that they have different features and storage capacity1st gen has a plastic case (scratches easy) about half the battery life, and a darker screen.. . 2nd gen has an aluminum case (doesn't scratch so easy) 24 hour battery life (and yes I tested it, it is 24 hours) and a 40% brighter screen.
Yeah you need softwave with a burning rom like nero and it lets you burn it straight to cd or you could try downloading vlc player which plays that kind of file i think . . hope that helpsi think that .bin files are just compressed files (like stuffed or zipped files) try using stuffit expander on it.down load a burning software from the sites below. . http://www.snapfiles.com/. . http://www.computeractive.co.uk/downloads
An LP is a vinyl album played on a record player.  A CD is a compact disc - digital media.LP also known as Long Play, is a black disc. it is played by a needle.. . CD known as Compact Disc, is read by date thru a lens.. . nope, you can not play LP on a CD player and you can not also play a CD on a turn tableAn LP is a vinyl disc that cannot be played on a CD player. It's an analog recording, and a CD contains digital recording.
A larger picture, . but with a slight . loss in resolution as a trade-off.Well it has a larger picture but i think kind of blurry. and a zoom box you can basiclly move where you want to like on the celing or on a wall.
This is site where everything is FREE and there is wap search for all categories and has other wap links which gives free stuffsvia bluetoothi have no idea.Buddy there are 3 meathods mainly....  1) If ur Cell phone is Wap enabled den u can enter the Wap addres given by the Free Ringtone sites and download the True Tone directly..... . And the other  is..... . 2) The 2nd meathod is u can download the true tone on to ur hard disk & then transfer it onto ur cell phone using USB cable or USB Doogle .. . 3) The 3rd Meathod is U can just transfer it frm other Blue Tooth or Infrared enabled device{Friends or relatives} onto ur cell phone..go to crostel.com and just as the aryan huy said u can do the other things, lik bluetooth or on crostel.com they text message it 2 u so u can save it
Dude! tell me about the zune! i wanna buy one, but i don't know much about them yet.  my email is ajsellaroli@gmail.com. . i don't know specifically for a zune how to encode video, but try pocketdivxencoder, i use it for my palmpilot tungsten t|3 and it works perfectlyUnfortunately video conversion takes a long time no matter what software you use.. . Just start the conversions before you go to bed, save your money on buying 3rd party software.
go on the internet , i mean go to the thing u downloaded ur songs on then just go on there and delete them i have an ipod to and i tried to delete some songs and it worked lol i dont think this was good advice lol sorry =]Well, if you have to make sure you delete the songs off the computer. Try your iPod, hen if it still doesn't work, go to the iPod website online.. . Good Luck.
Easily.First you need the cell phones e-mail address.The best way to do this is go to messages on the phone and send an e-mail to your Yahoo! e-mail account, that way you will have the address for the cell phone.Once you have that compose your e-mail and attach the pictures that you want and then send them to your phones e-mail address.
I bought a blue tooth adaptor and I got it connected when I installed, but since then I have been unable to get connected again. I keep getting error message 676 saying that the line is in use. This is trying to connect my computer to my mobile. If I try to connect my mobile to my computer it just says no devices found. Any any ideas?I just learned to do this last week.. You have to have a bletooth adaptor for your computer. You can get them in PC world for £14.99. You just have to install it with the disc and plug it into your usb port and you can send things to your phone from the computer.. You just download a tune as normal then right click on it once its downloaded and there will be an option "send to bluetooth" click that and it will send to your phone the same way as from phone to phone..  A good site for ringtones, videos and images is 'mobango' which is free.. You can also download "total video converter" (you will find it on a google search) which will convert any video clips from the computer to 3GP format so that you can send them to your phone. A good site for clips is ebaums world but you need to convert them before they will play on your phone.. MP3 and images dont need to be converted.
For this purpose if you have activated your GPRS Then it can be made. . . Other wise there must be a data transfer cable with the hand set for data sharing with the Pc.You can enable Bluetooth on your phone and get a bluetooth dongle if your PC is not equiped with Bluetooth technology and do it that way, or you can get a datacable for your phone and connect it via USB port to your PC then transfer the file that way using the software that came with your phone. or if you have infared on your PC and on your phone you can do it that way.First save your photo on your computer,then using usb port ,trasfer it to your moblie(USB port & related software will be given by mobile manufacture itselfs while purchasing the mobile)...or there is a software(Blue tooth software for computer) ...u can get it on net....download it on your computer....istall da software.....& via blue tooth transfer your photos from your system to your moblie.what model of sony ericsson do you have? if your mobile has Bluetooth, you should use an bluetooth card or Bluetooth USB to send image (photo) to your mobile.
right click....get info....then a window opens go right and you will see lyrics click on that and seeeeeewhen your on the song that you have put lyrics on (in the now playing screen), press the "center" button untill the lyrics pop up.. what ipod do you have? i would still try it. i dont know if it works, because im using an ipod nano 1st gen and it works just fine, but thats the nano. . . I hope this helpswell i have a mini 1st generation and it duznt work but on a nano i know it works... . first get ur lyrics, copy and paste it and go to that song in ur iTunes, right click it and click get info den on da last tab it is lyrics, click on it and paste ur lyrics dere, apply and then click okay... update ur ipod and the lyrics will be in ur ipod, go listen to dat song on ur ipod and click the center button until u get to the lyrics
If you go to vzwpix.com you can sign up for your account. It should come free with the plan you signed up with to get picture messaging. And on your phone you can send the pictures there and then log in with you phone number and password. Signing up also works for sending ringtones to yourself.If you have a Yahoo account & email address you can send it to your mail inbox. From there you can save it to Yahoo Photos.
use itunes. if u already have the playlist created in itunes you just just click drop and drag into the ipod bar. either that or u can create one on ur ipod by using ur songlist then hitting the circle button 2 add it 2 a playlist. then u can save ittry itunes
They are one and the same. An iPod IS an mp3 player.its the same thing but ipod is just like a brand name.An mp3 is a type of sound file that is compressed to make it take up less spce without losing a large amount of sound quality.. . An iPod is a line of music players that Apple makes and also happen to play mp3 files.  Digital music players like the iPod are also referred as mp3 players.Ipod's are mp3's its just the brandwtf!? ipods are mp3 players!!!!!an iPod is made by Apple...Apple makes the iPod.mp3 is a file type.  It is a way of writing music digitally.. . An iPod is a device that plays mp3s
Check if your TV has a VGA input.  If it does.  You're set!  Go out and buy yourself a VGA cable.use the hdmi connector or u have to go to BESTBUY and ask them for the connector just explain to them what ur looking for the will hook u up
If your trying to access them from your psp type:. file:/psp/common/nameofwhatever.swf or .gif or .jpg. name of whatever wihout spaces. depends on the formatuse an usb cable and connect it to a computer. and then open the folder, and u shall see.
Log on to :. http://pixpulse.com/?gclid=CJfp47HnqIgCFRJLTAod0TQoTQfrom Mobile to Mobile -> turn on ur bluetooth and transfer...if dont have bluetooth then can transfer by Infrared. . From Computer- run the software from the CD given to you with you mobile on ur PC...With Data cable you can transfer the image from your PC..... OR you can use Bluetooth Dongle in port and transfer from pc by turning on b'tooth fn on in ur mobile. OR through card reader u can send images to ur mob. . if dont hve bluetooth ,, infrared ,,n memory card option then call ur ur customer care service n activate ur gprs then u snd images through MMSfrom Mobile to Mobile -> turn on ur bluetooth and transfer...if dont have bluetooth then can transfer by Infrared. . From Computer- run the software from the CD given to you with you mobile on ur PC...With Data cable you can transfer the image from your PC....OR you can use Bluetooth Dongle in port and transfer from pc by turning on b'tooth fn on in iur mobile
if you don't knoe how to use it- please don't.. will save you asking these sort of questions in future.It's easy. Just tie it around the little hook on the top left corner.. (It took me a while to figure it out too)
when a digital camera captures a picture, the image is stored. the more pixels are stored for that picture the better quality it will be. one mega pixel is 1,000,000 pixels. that means there is one mega pixel's worth of data stored in your camera and your camera with use one mega pixel  to represent your picture once printed. a pixel is just a certain amount of space represented in a 2 dimensional area.Steve, I'll have some of what you're smoking.. * A pixel is a colored dot.. * Mega means one million.. A one megapixel picture, is a picture that is made up of one million colored dots. A 6 megapixel picture has 6 million dots, etc. . The bigger you print your picture, the bigger all of these dots become - and the more pixels you have, the bigger you can print before the individual dots become discernable.
I don't beleive that the LG CVX161 is a multi region DVD player.  So in other words you would have to get some sort of tech geek, to change the encryption ont he DVD player.  It can be done.try this-. turn on the machine without a disc in it.. . open the tray.. . press pause.. . press 0 0 0 0.. . enter desired region-0 is region free.. . press pause again.. . turn off the machine.. this hack is for the LG dvx 171-so it is worth a go.
Once you plug the USB into your computer to your phone, you should be able to look under "my computer" in my computer, you will find a new "addition"  it will say moveable memory of even "verizon something something". double click that, and try to drag and drop pics to the open window. Thats how I put music on my Krazr. It should all be pretty much the same. All esle fails, read the owners manual!. . Good luck!. . NikiWell you have 2 choices with this phone and i recommend using a card reader  it will be faster than using the data cable believe me. Also if your phone came with the data cable and drivers for the phone use bitpim is a free program and as 11/16/2006 they just came out with a new ver of the program with support for the LG vx8500(Chocolate).. Is a very easy program to use i just got my girlfriend a chocolate this past Wednesday and i was just playing with it today and i did a lot of transfers of tones and wallpapers and bitpim was awesome and easy to use.. But for music and such use the card reader instead.. Also bitpim comes with  an audio converter that will convert your tones to the correct ones before uploading to the phone.. Go below to get the program.
I cant wait for the right answer, I've been wondering this for ages too!!!Save them to CDI tape all my german tv favorites show an a cd, usually at night!   when no one is on the computer....I download the movies on a blank cd....and watch it the next day!!  it takes about 5 to 25 minutes to download!
you pretty much answered your own question.. . a cd/mp3 player, depending on the company, can either play regula CDs and CDs with mp3s or is a CD player that plays CDs AND store mp3s/I think only difference should be that u can play -MP3 cd's on the Mp3 cd player, n on the other only normal cds.The portable Cd player, will only play classic Cd's (like the ones you buy from disk stores). Those have a format of ".wma" A compact disk can average 20 tracks per disk.. . The cd/mp3 player will play the above but it will also play ".mp3" formats. mp3 format is most common in music downloading because it has a significantly lesser size per track. So you can put about 150 songs in the disk.The diff is that the CD/MP3 player can play CD's that have been burned using the mp3 player format.  The MP3 player CD's will not play in the regular one or in any regular cd player that does not have MP3 format.A CD player can only play audio CD's (about 70 minutes).  If it's also an MP3 player, you can put MP3 files on the CD.  They don't take up as much space and you can fit about 700mb.  That should play quite a few hours of music.Not to much really..  The CD/MP3 player just has the ability to decode the mp3 format.
You can only do so if the music is not in wma format. It has to be in either mp3 or the code that itunes uses.go to itunes the tool bar go to file...import.....search in my music! that should work!
not trying to insult you but i think they mean the radio channels are free not things like mtv hope this is what u mean i have free view and can get radio channels but not mtv okThe music channels you should be getting with freeview are 'the hits', and TMF (the music factory). The main problem with freeview is the aerial, if it is just the music channels you are missing, and they haven't been blocked, then I don't know.. Click on this link and choose channels to see what you should be getting. Or click on coverage check to see the service in your area.. http://www.freeview.co.ukDepending on your area,you may not get all channels to start with. Check with the freeview company-there is a website-unfortunately,I don't have the address. They can check just by knowing your postal code.Hi, I work for a company that sells TV's etc. There are several possible reasons why you can't receive all channels. Firstly, there may not be a strong enough signal on those particular channels in your area. You can check this by going to freeview.co.uk Secondly, your tv aerial may need a booster. These are relatively inexpensive. May be an idea to contact a local aerial installer from the yellow pages to check this. Hope this helps. Leeyes you should get all channels including music so go back to where you bought the tv and complain.providing you are talking about radio channels
I have seen an SD adaptor that fits a micro SD chip. I think Sand Disk puts it out. It looks like a regular size SD chip but is actually a micro reader for the mobile phone SD. I am sure you can upload the ring tones to that from your computer then download it to you phone. Staples Business Depot had them last time I was there.You dont . Ringtones go to the phone not the sd card.. You will need a data cable and webjal or labjal to upload to your phone.Go to the webpage below and read some.
That's the whole point of XBox--the internet. If you don't have the internet, why did you even get it?. . You cannot connect to XBox Live without the internet.you can't. You play live over the internet how you going to do that if there is no internet.Is moving your bedroom closer to the internet connection easier?. Or should you move an internet connection to your bedroom?  Use common sense.yo man yo cant, you need to have a internet cord hooked up to your xbox to a modem, or same way if you are using a router.No
If You copy your music, then go into my computer, and find your device, you will be able to open it up and paste the files in there. Hope this helps!If you have Windows Media Player on your PC it will work to transfer audio files to your player. First go into media player, then plug your MP3 player into a USB port. Windows Media player will recognize it. Good lick.
It depends on your car.  Many newer model cars have built in components for you to plug your iPod into so you can play it in your system.  . . Also, you can try either a cassette adaptor, or FM transmitter to play your iPod in your car stereo. Personally I prefer using the cassette adaptor.you need this cord. that plugs into your headphone jack on your ipod and there two other connectors that plug into your stereo i dunno what there called..i bought one at radio shack for like 5 bucks.
you will need itunes i am afraid, but it is bettwer than wmpthere should be something in my documents under windows media player folder , click on that, find the folder with your music, drag them into itunes or copy and paste to itunes. . PS if you dont know ho to get itunes go to apple's website and download it it is free
core  is 100$ less and it has no memory. you have to put memory cards in it. Pro already has built in memory but is 100$ more than the coreOne sucks even more then the sucky oneIn addition to the $100 difference, the Core also doesn't have a harddrive. If you want to play old xbox games, you'd have to by the HD separately or go with the Premium version
There are two main types of MP3 players.  These are flash players and hard-drive based players. . . 1) Flash Players.  These players have solid memory in them, which is just like the Ram in your computer.  There are no moving parts, which prevents skipping and increases battery life.  The downside is that flash memory is more expensive per gigabyte (GB) than hard-drive players.. . 2) Hard drive players are just like the hard drive in your computer that stores large volumes of info.  They are cheaper but usually only exist in MP3 players as large drives.  (You're unlikely to find a 4GB Hard Drive player)  They use more power since they have to spin a hard drive inside the device at speeds like 4500 or 5400RPM.  (It's pretty much like a big record spinning inside, but reading the music as digital data). . I'm pretty sure that the flash memory you refer to is built into the device and is not something you need to buy.  I'm not aware of any MP3 players where you buy the memory and add it yourself.  Most likely it is just referring to the type of device that it is.  Hard drive based players have a tiny amount of flash memory that they transfer data to before sending it the the headphones, so maybe this is where the confusion came from.u need flash media playeri suggest you buy an ipod nano with 4 gb that has a hard disk not a flash memory. A flash memory is a memory that if it's overwritten a couple of thousands of time it damages it's self and you can not use it anymore. If you buy an mp3 player with a hard disk you won't have this problem anymoreIf it has the flash memory installed, that's great and very similar to the iPod nano.  Specifically means there's no moving parts.  Some higher capacity mp3 players actually have a hard disk inside.  Flash memory players either have the memory permanently installed or you buy "cards".  In either situation, no moving parts, less to break down.flash only means the memory it already has built into the mp3/mp4 players. it doesn't require you to buy any thing else extra.It means the player has no hard disk. HD players can store up to 60 gigabytes. Normal size is 30 Gb. And no, you don't have to buy anything extra. 4 Gb is good for a flash player. That's its internal memory, It's like your RAM memory in your PC.
because direct tv paid the rights to broadcast them they put up font money to broadcast them, just espn out bid abc for monday night football its all about the moneyBecause the bastards at DirectTV, for the second time, convinced the NFL to give them an exclusive.  You can't get the ticket on cable or on any dish except DirectTV.
Do you mean Bank Switching?. . Bank switching (also known as "paging", but only loosely related to the ordinary meaning of "paging" in computing) was a technique common in 8-bit microcomputer systems, to increase the amount of addressable RAM and ROM without extending the address bus.. . Since 8-bit CPUs such as the Zilog Z80 and the MOS Technology 6502 series, with their 16-bit address registers, could only address a maximum of 64 KB of memory, 8-bit systems containing more than 64 KB of memory addressed the memory in 64 KB banks (or "pages") — in other words, although the system may have contained 128 KB or more, only 64 KB was ever addressed directly at one time. This scheme offered access to more memory at the cost of more complicated programming and somewhat poorer performance.. . While bank switching was less efficient than switching to a processor with a wider address bus would have been, it was an inexpensive way to increase the shelf life of several computer lines of the 1980s and it provided a high degree of backward compatibility with earlier systems: for example, the Apple //e, //c, and Apple /// could run software written for the Apple II+, and the Commodore 128 could run all the software of its much more prevalent predecessor, the C64 (which had already employed bank switching to allow for 64KB of RAM and still provide for ROM as well). Accessing the lower 64 KB part of memory was as simple as addressing the first (lowest) bank. The Atari 130XE used a similar technique, but added the ability for its two processors (the 6502 and the ANTIC) to access separate banks. This allowed programmers to make large playfields and other graphic objects without using up the memory visible to the CPU.. . In 1988 the companies Lotus, Intel and Microsoft agreed on a specification called Expanded Memory System (EMS, also stated as LIM-EMS) for use in IBM PC compatible computers running MS-DOS. It was a form of bank switching technique that allowed more than the 640 KB of RAM foreseen by the original IBM PC architecture, by letting it appear piecewise in a 64KB "window" located in the Upper Memory Area. Some computer games made use of this, and the feature is nowadays emulated by later Microsoft Windows operating systems to provide backwards compatibility with those programs.. . Bank switching was also utilized in some video game consoles. The Atari 2600, for instance, could only address 4 KB of ROM, so later 2600 game cartridges contained their own bank switching hardware in order to permit the use of more ROM and thus allow for more sophisticated games (via more program code and, equally important, larger amounts of gameworld data such as graphics and sound). The Nintendo NES contained a modified 6502 but its cartridges sometimes contained a megabit or more of ROM, addressed via bank switching called a Multi-Memory Controller. Game Boy cartridges used a chip called MBC (Memory Bank Controller), which not only offered ROM bank switching, but also cartridge SRAM bank switching, and even access to such features as infrared links or rumble motors.. . Bank switching was later replaced by segmentation in 16-bit systems, which in turn was replaced by paging memory management units."Switch bank" can mean several switches that work in conjunction with each other. The set of all the pushbutton switches on your cell phone could be considered a "switch bank" because they all provide human interface input for the same device.. . WK
Contact Canon to see if you can DL the manual. If not, try some photo forums (Canon users specifically)...those guys can help you out.BY using blutooth or a cable . make shure intall the software thoe
If I had to guess, I'd say you have an S-video input.  My HDTV is connected to the DVR/PC using a S-video cable.dvi - digital video input. hdmi - high definition, multimedia input. r32 - is a light bulb. . not sure what the cable is called but I know it isnt any of these!Consult the manual that came with your tv but most flat panel tv's now come with a dvi input or svga which will enable you to connect directly from your graphics card on your pc to your tv set. if your tv has dvi input and your pc graphics card is vga out you canuse a dvi convertor which connects to your vga card and then via lead to the dvi input on your tv. all sounds very complicated but its very easy. I use dvi input on my plasma and vga out on my pc set it all up for under a tenner. good luck.u need a tv out put socket on the pc, if you have one of them then you can use a phono lead and u can cannect it to the pc or scart lead. or try a usb grand hand view made by grand tect. www.grand.com.twIf your tv has a pc input you just need a monitor lead and connect it as you would do a regular monitor. If you are going to use your pc monitor as well you need to activate the dual monitor feature in XP (right click on a blank area of the screen - choose properties - settings.. . You tv then becomes a secondary monitor allowing you to use 2 monitors so you can move windows between the 2 screensIf your TV has a PC input, then you have a high definition TV with a VGA connector. In that case, you would need a male to male VGA cable in the length of your choice. If you are using a laptop, then you can screw the VGA cable to the VGA connector on the back of your laptop. You will then hold down the 'Fn' key, then press 'F5' to send the signal to an external monitor.is it dvi,s video,hdmi,r32,?
MP3 is a music format.  MP3 players are basically portable music players that use the mp3 format of music.MP3 is a format of storing music electronically. MP3 players will only play this format only.. . You can think of MP3 being similar to how .jpg and .gif are both formats for electronically storing images, and .pdf is an Adobe Acrobat file. They are all storage "formats" and they are all 'file extensions', even .mp3.
wow, what an idiot, teach yourself, experiment, try.  That is really stupid not knowing that.You need a ripper program to convert from Wav to MP3. Try with wavepad.open your windows media player,. choose the option "copy from a cd". you're done
If you have an HD ready stereo in your car, the best course of action would be to go to your local magic store and purchase a magic wand. >Lol, look up your question and you'll see what I mean.. -J.You need an HD reciever. Best Buy or Circut City has them.. . Dont spend more than $200
Go to Yahoo's search bar and type in Motorola V180 unlock codes.... it will return with numerous web sites that can help you unlock your phone.  Or find a cellular retailer in your area, you know one of those little mom and pop ones that sell all services, most of the time they can unlock them for you for around $20 OR $30 BUCKS.This site offers $5.00 for unlock code.
DO IT CAREFULLYWell, you didn't say which model of multiplexer the tape was recorded with so it's hard to check.  I would GUESS that you need to play it back on a similar model, and capture the analog output video in another conventional VCR or DVR, then you'll have it in an editable format.. . Note that the maker of Sensormatic has all their manuals online at the URL below, in case that helps.
batteries are dead. The best batteries to use in a digital camera are rechargable ones. Regular batteries drain way to fast.If You Have the Book that Came with the Camera, There Sould Be a Troubleshooting Page that would help You to Check and See Whats Wrong with the Camera! Good Luck!i have the same camera, and have been having problems out of mine as well, how long have you had it, if you still have the box and equipment i would take it back and exchange it, I had problems with mine and I have had it less than two weeks...sorry I couldnt be of more help... you may check your USB cable.. as well and make sure its not that. Did the camera stop working or is it when you hook it in to the comp because thats where I am having problems... anyway sorry i couldnt help you morei have one too and the batteries drain really fast. get rechargable onesDA it gets old!!maybe the battery died . call the kodak people if it still doesn't workthis is a great question. I wish I had an answer for you.
yes indeed there are diferences...first thing uk system has pal i,and Australia pal b.. the diference is in sound carrier, 6 for pal i , 5,5 for pal b.But...99,9999% of tvs are multistandard, meaning they'll work on all pal sytems.if not...it can be adjusted with a quick visit to a tv repairsman , there are sound converters available for something like 2$.the chanell problem is even less significant, all the modern tvs have continous bands so it does not matter the tv norm.. Conclusion:there are 95% chances your tv will work in australia too.It should. PAL has one or two versions. But apart from NTSC (never twice same color) It is a std now adopted almost all over.The only problem you may encounter are different wattage and voltage limitations, which can be solved with a transformer.There are several variants of PAL.. . The U.K. uses PAL-I.. . Australia uses PAL-B and G.. . The main difference is the sound-carrier offset which is 6MHz in the I variant and 5.5 in the I.. . This means that a receiver built for one variant won't receive the sound of the other.
umm the only way to do that would be to have a DVD player that can pass that high bandwidth signal through component... I dont know of any but there might be some.. . Even if ur dvd can send it through ur TV might not be able to show it properly... Why dont u use HDMI?The deal with component cables assuming you are talking about the Y, Pb, Pr is that they are designed for progressive scan signal. The letter i in 1080i stands for interlaced. The best resolution for use with the component cables is your 720p which is actually better then 1080i. You see the lines of resolution on a interlaced signal are refreshed at 1/60 of a second and alternate every other line so the entire screen does not refresh all at once but more like half and half. Of course this happens way fast. The progressive scan refreshes each line in sequence from first to last at a rate of every 1/30th of a second so use them components and set your DVDs output to its highest resolution ending in p such as 480p or 720p and you will be on the road to great movie experienceIs it a BluRay DVD player? otherwise a standard DVD has no higher resolution than 480p, no matter the cables.Your HD system is only as good as the weakest link.  If you want to run 1080i using the component video you can do that as long as everything else is also 1080i compatible.  That includes your television, DVD player, and even your DVD.  If they are all compatible, you will probably need to go into the settings on your television and DVD player and make sure they are set to play at 1080i.  That having been said, the picture quality on an HDMI connection at 1080i will be a better picture than component video connected at 1080i.   If you can upgrade to the digital signal you won't be disappointed.Be sure your DVD is upconvert capable for starters. Then Use the componet cables. You may also have to select 1080i on the DVD player.
CC1 is the standard Close Captioning format. Some stations/networks air their programs with a secondary Close Caption languages This is not SAP. The stations/networks will let the viewer know when a program is available in another language by displaying a notice and the proper CC mode at the begining of the program. CC2 is currently use by NBC for Spanish Close Captioning and CC3 by Telemundo for English captions.c1 and c2 are 2 agencies that create closed caption. some work better for different stations
The MP3 format was invented by a team of European engineers who worked in the framework of the EUREKA 147 DAB digital radio research programme and finally standardized by ISO/IEC in 1991.. . MP3 encode music is originated by the artist that create the music. Sometimes they encode the music themselves, other times it is done by fans (legally or illegally).MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3, more commonly referred to as MP3, is a popular digital audio encoding and lossy compression format, designed to greatly reduce the amount of data required to represent audio, yet still sound like a faithful reproduction of the original uncompressed audio to most listeners. It was invented by a team of European engineers who worked in the framework of the EUREKA 147 DAB digital radio research programme and finally standardized by ISO/IEC in 1991 .
better thing is follow this link.. it is very much easily xplained in the link... ;)It is Global System for Mobile communication as per ITU(International Telecom. Unit) standards which enables roaming service for cellular subscribers.Global System for Mobile Communications (cellular phone technology)In Europe the GSM standard (Global Sysytem for Mobile communications)  was introduced in the mid 1980s. There are numerous GSM standards: GSM 900, GSM 1800 and GSM 1900.. . GSM is used in over 135 countries and this standardisation allows for international roaming, data services, text messaging, essentially everything we take for granted on our mobile phones these days.Global System for Mobile communitcation. A European digital standard for mobile or cellular telephony.
The DVD Copy Control Association (DVD CCA) is an organization primarily responsible for the copy prevention of DVDs. The content scrambling system (CSS) was devised for this purpose to make copyright infringement difficult.Plus think about how many movies are made here and therefore come out here first and can easily be shipped overseas for bootleg purposes.  They region code them so the film company can determine what will be available where, and when!It is easy to remove the codes and anyhow pirate the movies. Don;t know why the manufactures make all these regions. Think it is a whole lot of money making rackets.so that dvd s on one country are not illegally viewed in another country,because the MPAA, etc. doesn't believe that you actually own the DVD even though you purchased it.. . The regions are built in to prevent movies made for one area of the world to be taken to other parts of the world and played there.
http://www.nerd-out.com/darrenk/Shinco/MintekDVD2110patch.htm. . Think this should do it.you have to reset the main microprocessor. Should be in the owners guide or the service mnanual
refrigerator liters = volume. A/C tons = cooling capacity as compared to how many tons of melting ice. . 12,000 BTU/hour = 1 tonAs far as I know AC appliances are measured in cooling BTU's common window units are about 5000 BTU's, and refrigerators are measured on the volume of the compartiments(like microwave ovens), either in cubic feet, or liters.Beacuse it refers to the capacity of the interior - it relates to how much food it can hold
You will just need the country code (61).  I don't think you will need Melbourne's area code (which is 3, by the way) to call a cellular phone.011australian country code then area code for melbourne then the number you count them
Go to the place where u enter cheat codes at the Mayahem Temple. Enter the cheato . . CHEATO HONEYBACKgo to www.cheatplanet.com and can get even more
Bluetooth is a piece of software that comes along with your mobile phone or PDA.. This is a short-range communication software which allows your device (mobile phone, PDA etc.) to 'talk' to other devices, such as a PC in the same room, and exchange data, files etc., wirelessly.. This is very useful, say, when you want to transfer any file, be it music, video, or just plain ol' MS Word, from your mobile to your PC!Bluetooth is an industrial specification for wireless personal area networks (PANs), also known as IEEE 802.15.1. Bluetooth provides a way to connect and exchange information between devices like personal digital assistants (PDAs), mobile phones, laptops, PCs, printers and digital cameras via a secure, low-cost, globally available short range radio frequency.. . The name Bluetooth was born from the 10th century king of Denmark, King Harald Bluetooth (whose surname is sometimes written as Bluetooh), who engaged in diplomacy which led warring parties to negotiate with each other. The inventors of the Bluetooth technology thought this a fitting name for their technology, which allowed different devices to talk to each other.[1]. The name of the king in Danish was Harald Bl?tand and the Bluetooth logo is based on the H and B runes.Spock...Well stated as I couldn't have done better myself!!bluetooth is  on most phones it allows you to answer your phone true an ear piece when your driving it also allows you 2 play games with another person if they also have blue toothOnly  The best wireless connectionIt's simple... It's the toothpaste of the prince charming!earpice to the new phones so you can have hands free talking
you cannot use a 3 sim card as the hadset is not 3G. also 3 lock their sims to 3 handsetsInsert phone into Thames. Wait 5 hours. Buy new phone.Entering the codes always try the Recommended Unlock Code first if that does not work you can try other codes, for help on which other codes to use in which order then contact me for help in getting these answers.. . You will need to follow these steps. . 1.) remove the sim from the phone (codes must be entered with no sim in phone). . 2.)The code needs to be entered as you see it in the list (example #pw+729550656717552+7#). . To get "p" press the * (star) button 3 times quickly. To get "w" press the * (star) button 4 times quickly. To get "+" press the * (star) button 2 times quickly.  . . Results after you entered the code (without sim in phone) a message saying Code Restriction Off if the code was not accepted you will see the message Code Error.put another sim in and it should ask for a code then you pop in the 1 you gotyou should go to the store where you got it from
Just compressed the songs as max as possible.Encode the songs with a lower quality bitrate e.g. 128 instead of 192. This will significantly reduce the space taken up by indivdiual songs.Try downloading smaller songs, beause the bigger the songs the more space  the songs are going to take.The songs you put on the player have to be the lowest possible bitrate.  That will take up the least amount of space and give you the most amount of songs, but the songs will sound like crap.Lower the bitrate you record your songs in.
County Correctional Department!   Run!Contemporary Christian Doctrine (aka "Sunday School")A charge-coupled device (CCD) is an image sensor, consisting of an integrated circuit containing an array of linked, or coupled, capacitors sensitive to the light. Under the control of an external circuit, each capacitor can transfer its electric charge to one or other of its neighbours. CCDs are used in digital photography and astronomy (particularly in photometry, optical and UV spectroscopy and high speed techniques such as lucky imaging).erm... charge-coupled device?
I once made my oun tatoo mation, it was a great experience and it was the high point of my young life.. . Then I realized that there is no such thing as "oun tatoo mation", and I was heartbroken.  Sigh.yea i made one then gave my self a tattoo now i just want to go an get it fixed up by a pro but i want to keep the tattoo the same cuz it is a memory in my life of what i did when i was younger pretty tight though
There actually is a sprint Motorolla phone out on the market now. It is the c290 and there are talks of sprint picking up the razr.maybe they are getting payed real good what do you thinkit's called the blade instead of the razr.actually, verizon has it too.. . Raz phones dont last too long.. . Sprint phones are way better. I just hate there phone signal, drops alotyeah i hate that......sprint has a razr run-off called the a900....its the samebut with 3 music buttons on the front, made by samsung. . tmobile and cingular made a deal with motorola not to let anybody else have it....anyway sprint doesnt support motorola. . its pretty cool...http://www1.sprintpcs.com/explore/PhonesAccessories/PhoneDetails.jsp?navLocator=%7Cshop%7CphonesAccessories%7CallPhones%7C&selectSkuId=samsungmma900&FOLDER%3C%3Efolder_id=1476015&CURRENT_USER%3C%3EATR_SCID=ECOMM&CURRENT_USER%3C%3EATR_PCode=None&CURRENT_USER%3C%3EATR_cartState=group&bmUID=1150987918593sprint is to good to carry the crapy phone....
For the same reason that the number of hot ogs in a pack is different from the number of hotdog bun packagingThe calculator came from an adding machine which looked similar to the numeric keypad on a PC keyboard. It's layout was that way since adding machines in the 1960's. The telephone actually has a * and # as well as A,B,C & D, although those are not installed anymore as you can see. The extra keys make neither compatible for duplicating the layout, so the manufacturers saw no reason to make them the same.cause their differentbecause the calculator considers itself smarter then a telephone. ..lol. and they dont get along..lol. (im not realy sure..as u can tell)Probably to distinguish the two otherwise people would be talking into their calculators and trying to do math on their phones.To make life that much more complicated, of course. It only shows how talented we are that we can function on both out of memory and touch. Of course that doesn't mean I like it, just that those of us that can enter by touch on both, are good. This is a wonderful question that I have asked many a time and have yet to get an answer beyond 'Engineers! Go figure!' or some such thing. If you get a good answer, let me know!! Good question!!The forerunner of the DTMF (dual tone multi frequency ) push button was the rotary dial.  The rotary dial used pulses to send it's signals instead of tones (one pulse for the digit 1, two pulses for the digit 2 etc and ten pulses for 0)  The standard rotary dial started with the one as the first digit and zero as the last.  This was necessary as the design of the dial was spring loaded and the more you moved it the more pulses you got.  When the DTMF dial was created and to avoid confusion or wrong numbers being dialed they kept the sequence the same.
well, its a portable electronic recording device capable of recording live-motion video/audio for later replay through VCRs, TVs, and, in some models, a personal computer (not the sex videos only----lol!). . . dont know about indian currency.... but starts usually from $400....I got mine in $720....a very sophisticated one.camcorder is a conjunction of the words CAMera and reCORDER. Its a combination of a video camera and a video recorder. Comes in many different flavors such as VHS, 8mm, DVD, etc.. Indian rupees can not be used to purchase one, because that's not real money. jk..... . convert $250 to rupees
That camera is definitely the Canon Eos Digital Rebel XT.  I see the commercial all the time.I'm pretty sure it's a Canon, but I don't know the model. Maybe a Canon Digital Rebel? I remember it was a bigger, manual-looking camera.. . http://www.usa.canon.com/consumer/controller?act=ModelDetailAct&fcategoryid=139&modelid=9430. . Hope this helps somewhat...it's kind of an old commercial :)
ElectronicallyTouch tone is a mixing of two, or more frequencies generated by the keypad as you press each number. This is why touch tone is actually Dual tone multi frequency (DTMF).DTMF means: Dual Tone Multi-Frequency, There is no baseband multiplexing done on DTMF signals. The signal generated by a DTMF encoder is a direct algebraic summation, in real time, of the amplitudes of two sine (cosine) waves of different frequencies. i.e. pressing '1' will send a tone made by adding 1209 Hz and 697 Hz to the other end of the line.
Your Trinitron is a CRT (Cathode Ray Tube) and your friend's TV is a digital LCD or Plasma.. . You see pixelation because most panels suffer from motion blur or pixelation problems due to slower-than-required liquid crystal response times. Panels can't touch CRTs in the area of viewing angles and resolution scaling (when scaling up or down from their native, fixed-pixel resolution, panels still look pretty ugly in most cases).. . (An HD signal displayed on the same Plasma or LCD screen is a completely different comparison)Plus the TV can only put out as good of a picture as it is given.  Often some cable signal are not stong enough.  The bigger the TV the more noticable this is.  With HD programing you should not see this.they dont have HD programming, they look pretty sweet with the right signal
Why make one? Take the coil out of an old car.today my son put a magnet on a battery....does that count?a simple one.get two wires preferrably copper rubber coated ones and a 9 volt battery wrap both the wires around a nail leaving enough of each to reach the battery.touch the end of one wire to the positive end and the other to the negative and the nail is charged. you'll be picking up paperclips in no timeWhen the need arises, I wrap a wire around my screw driver and run power through it. Walla, the tip is magnetized again and holds the screw on it.take a piece of iron. Wrap a copper wire around the iron in tight close coils. run a charge through the wire. Presto Change-o MAGNET
Sounds bad. Off to the Sony (Authorised!) Service Centre. Do as above. Make sure that the camera is streaming to a TV set as the train approaches.Just give it to a sony service centre,shown in the handy camera readers manual. Another idea is to place that junk on the railway track and watch what is happening!!!
sidekicks are used primarily to text message other people. The sidekick is geared toward younger people. A pda phone has other options besides texting people such as organizing appointments, opening documents (word, excel, etc). Think of a pda as a less powerful laptop.a Sidekick is a two way text messeger while all PDA's don't text they do much more stuff. games, pictures, e-books, some do phone call, movies, music, but don't execpt that out of every PDA. So PDA's do much more than Sidekick's.
I'm not familiar with the 480 (perhaps it's an older version), but if it's anything like the Pioneer DV-490V-S, it's probably one of the better players in the $100 range.  You can't expect to get too much for that price, but if that's all you want to spend on a DVD player, you probably won't be able to do much better.I am using a Pioneer DV 366 for last 3 years and have no problem. Not checked the Dv 480. Think it should be equally good especially if it is made in Japan & not China.
Clean the DVDs and also check to see if the DVDs are scratched up.  If they are go out and buy a DVD skip doctor and try to resurface them.  If this doesn't work then more than likely the DVDs are scratched beyond repair and you'll need to purchase another copy.Clean them and/or clean your player.a little trick i learned use toothpaste or a yellow highlighter.spread them on lightly and let dry and rub excess off.
Get a CD/DVD cleaning kit. If the disc is badly scratched, you might want to invest in a Disc Doctor. I have one. It works.use a CD cleaner CD its pretty reasonable or just get its servicing done...use a cd cleaner
go to a psp site there answr ituse a dvd their more stable, also you have to have a mod chip or a slide card in your ps2 or else it wont workYou will need a computer with an internel DVD burner, not the CD burner) and a software that can copy PS2 games. You might want to find the software that will also check to see if there is a anti-copying code embedded in the game. It it does, you can ask the software to strip it away to copy the game.
before you text STOP to the number, call your cell phone company - they will see there has been NO text from you to the company to initiate any charges - and request that they remove any charges from your bill.  Then ask them in all innocence what you should do *blinks innocently* - they will tell you to text STOP to the company.  That way you get the charges removed AND cure the problem!  Act really upset about the jokes too like you just found your cell phone filled with spam or dirty jokes or pictures of your grandma in her bikini or something!You could try sending STOP to the text number.. . Otherwise, call the phone provider because that's about an additonal $30 a month on your bill.Call your carrier and ask to but a block on them.
I think it all depends on your needs or wants from a phone. the new razr v3x has a 2mp camera and a vga camera for video calling which is a start of new gen. calling. the new sonyericson walkman w900i is preety nice two.I would have to say that the best phones are phones made by nextel.Nokia 6630, it has all the cool features you would want in a mobile phone and lots moreNokia are the most dependable and Motorola are the best looking.Sony Erickson w800. it has 2mb camera and comes with a large memory chip that is great for its MP3 functionality. Plus it looks great and is solid and stylish.. The reason its the best is because it comes free with some contracts.My personal favorite of all the current Cingular phones is the Sony Ericsson W600. It has a cool swivel style and comes out of the box with orange faceplates (changeable). Feature-wise, it is packed with a megapixel camera with flash and video, Bluetooth, mp3 player, FM radio, lots of internal memory, and more. It is also fairly inexpensive compared to many other music phones. . . There is also a brand new Samsung D807, which is a slider style and has an mp3 player with a memory card slot and a 1.3 megapixel camera. If you're a fan of iTunes and want to stick with that software, the Motorola L7 SLVR would fit. . . If the music player doesn't matter, there are a lot of choices. For slimness, the RAZR is still available (though I wouldn't recommend it) and it is a flip; if you're ok with a bar-style phone, the Motorola L6 is a slim camera phone that just came out - it is more affordable than the L7 SLVR. There is also a tiny new phone, the Pantech PG-C300 that is thicker than the RAZR but more than an inch shorter and almost a half inch narrower - it doesn't have a lot of fancy features but it has a camera and the basics.As far as I know Nokia 3230 and Nokia 7710 are the best. 3230 bcoz its very handy, Bluetooth+infrared, WAP, 1.4 megapixel camera, FM radio, Media player, stereo sound, support of 512MB external memory etc.etc...(long list) Best part of it is u get compatible softwares of it easily.. 7710 inspite of being bulky supports almost everything, 1 gb card, stereo surround sound, wide screen+touch screen, bluetooth, customized softwares, powerful games, Edge technology, softwares also available but limited.I love my samsung d600, looks good, expandable memory, quadband, 2mp camera, mp3 video, bluetooth and very user friendly navigationThere is no perfect phone. Because everyone is different. It depends what your looking for in the phone; if you want a standard phone that you can call people on.. and that's about it there are many decent yet cheap models. If you want a flashy, showy-offy phone you might want a picture phone or something like that. If you want a phone with lots of games but no camera it might be cheaper. The best phone for me is Motorola V3 Hot Pink. This is because it suits the cuteness I want from a phone. It's cool, cute and it has a camera; but, it has games on it too!!!I'd say cricKet, Cause the company has unlimited everything, unlimited minutes,text messaging, long distance...etc And it gets service practicly anywhere, And the best part is there's no catch. oh by the way the also have your favorite phone like the razor, motorola, nextel, with the cricKet service...pretty cool hu?I personally think that Nokia mobiles are very good.  They seem to last longer than most phones ive had and they are pretty simple to use.  I would recomend a 02 Geni sim card all you have to do is top up £10 a month and you get 300 free mesages plus £10 credit. a good offer? x
it is illegal to bleed them in the UK. you need to evacuate the system.you can get the store you bought it from to install it for you. They would know how to with perfection.It may cost a little more though.why are u bleeding iti don't know but you check out DIY networkit depends were you are like in roswell i would go to a good place were yhey install or ask my uncles beacuse they install them tooIf you need to ask; you desperately need professional installer. I am not an installer, never have been, and can do this easily. Don't ask here but go to HGTV.com or just ASK.Com.  If you can't follow their instructions without thinking, then you better get a professional installer; and admit that you are a duppie-yuppie wanna be.Read the instructions?You call, 1-800 -555-air-conditioning guy.
you need to buy a upgrade disk so you can get the program. After you get the problem it sometimes gives you instructions or you could go to the help button.I dunno, but I hope it doesn't hurt.use a usb to connect ur comp. and ur psp.2 free downloads on the web . . Video2PSP and PSP Video 9.   Read the blurb and give it a try.  Worked quite well on mine with footage I had taken from a digital camera ( movie mode ).i think that you can you can only buy them.Two steps; encode, and transfer.. . Encoding is required because the PSP only plays proprietary video formats.  however... PSPvideo9 is an awesome piece of software - it'll transcode and copy across all your files via the USB cable with minimal setup. Just follow the help file included and it couldn't be easier, although sometimes it takes a while to transcode files...Download PSP9. Search google. Its free and very good
Assemble???. did u like take it apart or what?!?The only assembly should be your headphones & a case. . Do you mean how to install the software? Its pretty easy, pop the cd into the computer and follow the directions, plug your iPod cable into the usb & go for it.it shouldn't need to be assembled. you buy it, open it, plug in it and voila!you don't need to assemble and ipod. you just open the box plug in the earphone and it comes with a dics for itunes. you put it in a computer and follow the instructions.
1) locate a "y" shaped cable (should be with your camera). 2) Plug the single end of the "y" cable into the port on your camera that should show "out".. 3) Look at front and back of TV set, locate "a/v input" then connect the other side of the "Y" cable to the "a/v input" terminals.You must have got a A/V output cord with the camera which u can use it is all colour coded
It is a wireless technology built in many wireless devices such as pda's cellphone's smartphone's gps devices optical mice etc. In other words it means a specification for short-range radio. links between mobile computers, mobile phones, digital. cameras, and other portable devices.. . And this is how you are able to get wireless web on your cellphone!!!bluetooth is the wireless device that cells are now using to make it so that you can have wireless headsets and some even allow you to download without cables attached to your computer and things like that.It's a motorola hands free wireless technology. You're cellphone can be in your pocket, and this little headphone thing in your one ear picks up the signal from the phone. Thus you don't have to use your hands and there are no wires involved.I have a site for you!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is awesome web site that you can learn about a lot of things.
Like a phone.  Limited graphics, no activex, etc.  But may sites (like Yahoo) offer text only versions designed for Blackberrys (and others) that give you most of the functionality without the frills.  If you are looking for something that give you the full PC experience, the Blackberry is not it.bad as usualIt looks just like you see it on regular phones. Except you have a bigger screen and its a lot more easier to type.Just like it does on other phones - like crap.
Sansa™ e270 MP3 Player 6GB. but flash memory is expensive just so you can't say i didn't warn youTry Iriver.iPod nano (4gb) but you can upgrade to a 8gb for 100$
There are many variables.  Features and performance vary.  However, none of them can be relied on 100%.   In cases where you are on the freeway, if you're travelling at 75 MPH and the cop is coming towards you at 75 MPH, you are approaching each other at 150 MPH, and you won't have much time between when your detector alerts you and the cop is able to lock in your speed.   So-called "instant on" radar units can be troublesome too.   The detectors are supposed to detect them, but they do so by detecting the "pulses" that are emited when they are activated.  The theory being that when the cop turns on the unit to track the traffic ahead of you, the detector will notify you.  Problem is, a well-trained cop doesn't use the radar to tell him when a car is speeding, he uses it to confirm what he already knows.  So he waits until he sees a speeder, then turns it on, and it's too late.. . Fortunately, it would appear that a lot of cops don't want to bother with that and prefer to just "set it and forget it".  But if you're going through an area where they aggressively trap, then best beware.. . Personally, I don't use the detector in order to allow me to speed, and I don't think most other users do either.   I use it to avoid speed traps, places where the enforced speed is lower than what is truly safe and at which most people are travelling.   It also serves as a reminder to me to check my speed.  Just set it with filtering off, and it will generate enough false alarms to keep your lead foot from getting you in trouble.depends on the brand and type. Mine is very reliable, It always warns me in tyime
tie a rope around the object.  If it moves, you'll know where it is.. . Cost - $0.75go to www.ramseyelectronics.com You can find tons of very small transmitters and so on. Hook up a quarter sized FM transmitter, then use a decent scanner or radio with a signal strength meter to get an idea of range. Just set the transmitter to an open frequency on the FM radio band, dont hook up a mic or anything. Or find a small device that modulates a beep tone regularly, so you can easily find the transmission with the receiver.. . Even better, get a doppler antenna array for direction. you hook the antennas to a box, it hooks to the receiver, you can get a good idea of what direction/ distance the transmitter is located.
Format the memory and reload your songs.  I have one of these - also check the manufacturer's web site for updated firmware.go with ur impulse if it is still an option the program is corrupted . try to reboot it by removing battery if that dont work return it if u can otherwise if it was cheap just us it as target practice
cell phones are miniature cb's in a way. they are transmitters and receivers. the signals being sent out by your cell phone cant be decoded by a tv, however, they can interfere with it. the closer you get the more you can hear.MINE DOES'NTRadio waves. You can get the same effect from your computer speakers if you put your cell near them. I found it funny, that when I had my cell next to my computer speakers, I knew it was going to ring before it did, because of the speakers...lolNot only TV, it also does it with your computer or car radio.The radiation and polarity of the cell phone are trying to revert the negative charge of the television screens pixel arrangement to positive charge and is being rejected because of the glass on the television screen blocking direct contact. (NOTE: AFTER CONTINOUS CONTACT YOUR CELL PHONE WILL FRY!)i think its the magnet
Because people stumbled when they counted 1, 2, 3, 4 . . . 6, and decided to put in another number to keep the rhythm going right.what are #5's?????????????#5's on what?Because we have 20 toe and fingernails, and 4 limbs.  20 divided by 4 equals FIVE.
well, you have to get an emulator first! Then get the rom. Once the emulator has been installed, find open rom or file or something along the line of that, then find the rom you want and open it. Voila you can now play the N64 on your computer.download an N64 emulator, and play them using that
Protective Extra-Low Voltage (PELV) - As the name suggests, the item uses low voltage but it is connected to earth. . Safety Extra-Low Voltage (SELV) - Again a low voltage system but the output is isolated from the input.PELV (Protective Extra Low Voltage) describes an electrical system in which the voltage cannot exceed the value of 60 V DC. It also includes a protective measure against direct and indirect contact with dangerous voltage, the so-called "safe isolation" from the supply system. Circuits and/or bodies in a PELV system can be connected to ground - in contrast to the SELV system.
When you use the calling card, it has its own number, so even if she or he has you as a friend in their contacts list, the number will not correspond and they will not know it is you calling.  The only way a name shows up is if it is a registered number with your name as the holder, or if the number called has your name stored with it.  If it comes up blocked number then it is because your telephone number is blocked and the phone will not recognize you calling.When you use a calling card your name won't show up. You are purchasing your time through a company unlike using your regular phone or long distance where you pay for it. Its hard to explain but hope you can understand it a little better.Your friend should have the option to PROGRAM her / his phone with your information on it. Once this is programmed, anytime YOU call, your name should show up on thier tel.     Most updated telephones have this feature.   -  The telecomunications industry has been "under the knife" recent years claiming that PRIVACY is lost, with everyone having caller I.D.. I hope this helps.Noyour number is blocked, you are registered on your phone service as a private caller you have to call the compant your service is with and tell them you want your number to show up.because your call is being re routed through the calling card.When you use a calling card you have to dial an access number first (well most of the calling cards I know work that way), so if you call your friend by using a calling card it won´t show her your phone number because it is like if you were calling from a different phone number. I don´t know if this might work, but you can give it a try, you can tell your friend to store into her cell phone the access number you usually use to place the phone calls as if that was your phone number, MAYBE (not sure), next time you call her by using a calling card your name will show up.Because you are using a domestic calling card is my guess.  If you were calling from the number that is registered to your name then you would show up on her caller ID.  If you are, then call your telephone company for advice would be my next thought.  Best wishes!I think it because your not saved in her address book so the phone doesn't recognize you as yourself. You are unknown.uhh you have to be stored in her phone for that to work.It means they don't have you as a contact in their phone address book.
If you try and download any music recorded, it will not have the stereo sound you would have normally. It's a sharp simple sound.IT'S THE OPPOSITE FROM STEREO,SO IT COMES OUT OF JUST ONE SPEAKERJust the instrumental version not the actually songs.mono is just one tone on any wave-where stero incumber many wavesNot in stereo or for you babies, surround-sound.Mono player is you can hear music from just one output terminal.If you download music, it will not play in stereo, only monoprobably monophonic, this means one note at a time so your ringtone will just be a series of pitched spaced beeps.  It could be monophonic as single sound where the sound only comes out as one signal, the way music was until stereo was used in the 60sI do believe that it is referring to how you hear what is coming out of the phone mono meaning one and stereo meaning two.  If you have a stereo anything it has two speakers as apposed to one where all the sound comes out and it will sound the same, just like on a tv.Probably there r many music players but the smallest music player is in mobile called mono music player.
yeah as long as it's empty, and it's safest way to store or throw away. No little ones playing hide&seek getting trapped.yes.yes.  Or just turn it into a junk yard.Without the door  there is no point in plugging it in anyway.yesYes, it can be stored unplugged.   You must remove the door to prevent anyone from being trapped inside and suffocating.   You also prevent  some very gross mold from growing inside!Yes, it can. In fact it is best to do so because that way you wouldn't have any fungii building up inside plus no child would be locked inside.
There is no difference between the two.  Different companies use different names, and in fact most companies interchange both names.. Check the link below it uses both in the description.different sizes and shapes and connectors
Only teens can hear? Anyone with ears that can hear will be able to hear it.. . Still anyone with good hearing will hear it. Age has nothing to do with it.Yeah, its called a DOG WISTLE. Same high pitchHave you guys heard about this ringtone that only kids can hear? I'm baffled! . . . Here's the ringtone:. http://graphics.nytimes.com/packages...0_RINGTONE.mp3. . And here's the story: . http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/nyc_youth_ring_tone
Each piece of equipment has a signal to noise ratio, although the MP3 may have a negligible S/N ratio the amp, headphones sound card may only have 70 or 80 decibel ratio so if you are listening at 120 decibels you're going to get maybe 40 db of noise v. noticable between tracks.  Clicks do tend to indicate bad connections however.  Mind you don't damage your ears I work w. a guy who gave himself tinnitus and it drives him nuts.I'm not sure with techno weather those noises are part of the song or not, but it happens to me sometimes b/c the file has something wrong with it. i usually just download from a diff. source and it sounds fine.The sample rate is too high for your ripping software to handle.. . Get a faster processor... or optimize the system you have.well this could conclude one of two things...one has to do with your mp3s and one has to do with the fact that there could be snakes in your computer. either way, it's probably not good. :) hehe. thought i'd add a little humor to your day!
Does he have a Swiss cellphone?. . Then dial 01141 to get to the Swiss net plus the 9digit Swiss phone number.. . Ask me by privat e-mail if you don't get further - I'm living in Switzerland and even could try here if everything works.Make sure that international calling has been activated on your cingular cell phone.
you must have blown a circuit, have you dropped it lately? This can be fixed by talkin to your service provider.Try taking the phone to the carrier where u got it u may have a manufacture problem/warranty so they may give u a new one.the pixels r dying u have 2 get a new screen put in or get a new phone
they are giving lower price than others. so how can they give good serviceSadly yes. Akai is not Japanese  as some might thing., but a Chinese firm that owns the name. They are basically giving you the run around until the warranty expires, they never have parts, because they don't stock any. If you can return your set to retailer, do so now.Is it a newer Akai rear projection (CRT)? If that is what you have then it is actually a bottom of the line Samsung. I work on a lot of them and generally it's either the convergence output board or one of the CRTs have arced and took out a driver board. The main problem is that the repair is board level and availability of parts from Korea. The servicer must make sure that he uses the service model # not the TVs model # or else he will get a incorrect board.Normally you may have a very good reason in selecting and owning an AKAI tv. the brand is now phase-out where in considered as instinct.here in my country,the brand name akai does not exist any more.be wise,return it now,dont wait till its to late. or trade it with another brand more common on your place.it is much reliable on parts and service..Ever heard the saying,"You get what you pay for"?
2 ways..... if u had put password on sim change (as this set supports) then it can work for u, u just have to give application to block ur sim. But it only works if u had done before.. Another way is ur set IMEI number. U have to giv application to police station stating ur phone was theft stating ur IMEI number and its copy to GSM office (ur case O2 service centre) and they might help u find out where ur Handset is at this moment.tell the wireless company to stop your service because your phone was stolen. that way the thief cant use it because it has no service.call ur company n they will tell u what 2 do!. thats the best way 2 go!!!!It depends on the type of your phone.  If it has a service, like Tmobile, cincinnati bell, etc., then you can call them and they will turn off the service and the phone.  If it is prepaid, they will have to buy their own minutes anyway, but , if you call the company it is from, they usually can disable the SIM Card.You could call your service provider (or manufacturer) and tell them what happened - they may be able to send the phone some codes that will 'lock' it, or they could stop it from making any calls, sending messages.etc . If you are worried about someone running up a huge bill, call your service provider (people you pay to be able to call people) and close your account. Also, notify the police about the theft.first and foremost.....get a hold of your service provider and let them know whats going on..You could use a security code. If the security code is entered in incorrectly 3 times in a row, the phone blocks itself and you need to get a code from your wireless provider to unlock it.There are lot of software which acts as anti theft. In these softwares, the phone is coded with a password and locks itself after receiving a call from preset phone number. Any wrong password or sim change will not be accepted by the phone in case of theft. Moreover, some software give you an option to get sms containing the location information of the phone in case of theft to some designated phone number of your choice and even sounds alarm every preset time, just like your car anti-theft alarm. You can search for compatible softwares for your phone on net.Tell service provider to stop your service as soon as you can.i don't know!
the soonest a customer can get a sidekick 3 is 06/28/06 for existing t-mobile customers ONLY! and even than it is only for an UPGRADES! (ie. family plan adding a line cannot receive a sidekick 3 until the origial street date)  if you arent not a t-mobile customer looking to upgrade your phone the earliest will be july 7!yea the same as the guy said the earliest is the 6/28 only for the t-mobile customers!! n then its comin out in stores 7/10
Yeah.  its just the juice in them.  The batteries will work fine, in fact they will last longer than the regular batteries.  They are actually alkaline batteries, or the style is. I use the rechargeable Ni-MH duracells in my sony cybershot.Yes you may use Lithium.  There is a an advantage if you have the charger to charge the Lithium.  That is you don't have to keep buying new batteries. Here is a location that has the answer to your "What is the difference?". http://www.uniross-batteries.com/UK/info/FAQ/0400. You may also want to try  www.wisegeek.com  lot of answers from those "geeks" good luckCheck the voltage listed on the batteries.    Alkaline is 1.5 volts, and my Sony's instruction says to use only rechargable NI-MH, which are 1.2 volts in my camera.
Triple-trunking lets you follow a signal in virtually any market that uses an analog trunking system <<< From the Radio Shack WebsiteTriple-trunking lets you follow a signal in virtually any market that uses an analog trunking system. Signal Stalker™ circuitry searches for nearby frequency transmissions and lets you hear a nearby radio without knowing its frequency. Skywarn lets you hear local severe-weather observers and get warnings before they are broadcast on local radio or TV.one in the mouth, one in the .... well, you get the idea
You may contact the company and provide them the serial number.  They should be able to tell you the approximate date of your camera.If you saw it in half and count the circles it will tell you how old it is .
Don't buy Sony products... overpriced crap that doesn't perform.dead pixels are like dead people, when they die, they're dead. Plasma, LCD, DLP whatever, don;t matterYou can't, not really anyway.  Once a LCD pixel dies the only that can be done is to replace the screen.  In this case, definitely not worth the money or effort required to do so.
some cameras have loud shutters, if it really is a problem you might want to save for a Hasselblad, they are so well made that they make no noise.just put ur phone to silent mode & there will be no shutter sound then :-)There should be a settings menu in the camera section of your phone.  Go to the camera>options>settings>camera sounds>off.  If the setting isn't in that menu it could also be in the settings for your tones.  In that case you would go to your current profile and find the camera sound or shutter sound and turn it off.
A booklet comes with the remote.  loke up your tv in it and follow the on page instructions.  I'd get an RCA remote there easy to program.  you can buy it at wal-mart.You usually  have to use the codes that come in the booklet.  Find the code for your TV and program it in.
Short for Exchangeable Image File, a format that is a standard for storing interchange information in digital photography image files using JPEG compression. Almost all new digital cameras use the EXIF annotation, storing information on the image such as shutter speed, exposure compensation, F number, what metering system was used, if a flash was used, ISO number, date and time the image was taken, whitebalance, auxiliary lenses that were used and resolution.Digital cameras save JPEG (.jpg) files with EXIF (Exchangeable Image File) data. Camera settings and scene information are recorded by the camera into the image file. Examples of stored information are shutter speed, date and time, focal length, exposure compensation, metering pattern and if a flash was used.
2 things. One, buy a ringtone maker program. Two, if you are lucky enough to have bluetooth built into your phone, use that. You will need a bluetooth adapter for your computer though.If you have Alltel, you cant download songs for free.  But any other phone company, go to www.3gforfree.com or wap.rousso.net from your phone.  If you dont have internet for your phone, get it temporarily and cancel it so you wont be charged the whole monthly fee.Go to the patapsico flea market  near Roses
ok... the model that you have does not support usb connection.  the simplest way would be to finalize the disc and then place it in the dvdrom drive of your computer.Unless your particular camcorder allows you to save stills to a separate memory card then try the following:. . Check with the manufacturers of digital video capture devices that you can plug into the computers USB port. Try searching for devices made by Plextor, ADS, and Turtle Beach. These devices will take your camcorder signal via the composite>USB cable supplied with your camera and digitize it for your computer to understand. Most of these devices come with software that you can use to convert moving image to stills and then have them processed into photos.  Good Luck.
Because they aren't meant to "moo". It would sound silly to say,. please wait "my phone is mooing". Think about it.Why would you ask that question???????   Anyway, my answer is that cell phones can't moo unless you download a mooing ringtone.Set it on the "moo" mode and then it will.no milk in a phoneCows moo and phones ring. It would be weird to have a mooing phone.  It would also be annoying.because they are chicken. thanks for the pointsBecause they're not made to. I gurantee you that if a phone was made to look like a cow, it would also be possible to have it moo. Do you  have a cow mooing on tape or cd? There is a land phone you can buy, that you can record your own ring tone into it. Mine plays an old favorite tv theme, instead of ringing.actually this is a great question. I was wondering why landlines can't be programmed to ring different like cell phones.I've got one that moos.  Looks like a cow.Cuz there not cowsbecause you have not set the proper ringtone.To answer your question seriously, up until about 25 years ago, phones used actual bells to generate the ring.  There was no easy way to put a synthesizer in to simulate other sounds than a ring.. . With the advent of cheap electronics in the early '80s, they created phones with all kinds of ringer sounds, including mooing, speaking like Mickey Mouse, what have you.  Now, with cell phones, you can download practically any ringtone you like, since all the ringing sounds are generated from sound files, and not from an actual piece of equipment (i.e. bells) inside the phone.and why do cows moo instead of ringin'?????????!!Tradition. The most common method/instrument to attaract  attention (mid 1800s) was a bell ( churchs, meetings, street cars, carts, vendors...). The first phones could easily ring a bell by indicing a current through a primitive coil. AT&T, Western, Siemens soon developed a telephone market and kept the bell as the standard attention signal. It remains in digital form for almost every telephone sold in the world...and many users, I am sure, have already opetd for their phones to moo
Check you manual or look on line for your models manual. It should be able to print out a report to show you all faxes sent/received withing the past 10 day...depending on the make/model.After you send a fax the machine should spit out a confirming to let you know the fax did indeed go through.call them up to see if they got it. Who uses fax machines anymore anyways....
Consult your user's manual.  This will tell you what Bluetooth is, and what services it can provide.Are you talking about using a bluetooth headset or other device?.  Well first you have to get one, then you have to pair (or bond) it.. Then after that, simply turn the device on and it will work.. . To bond a bluetooth device to your phone there are some simple steps to take:. First go to Menu. Then go the Settings. Then Connections. Then Bluetooth. Then go to Setup. . Now- Turn the Bluetooth device (headset, whatever)- ON. . Go back to your phone, and Select HANDS FREE. . Go back to your headset or whatever and put the Bluetooth device in PAIRING MODE (on most headsets that means pushing and holding its multifunction buttons - the flashing one - and HOLD IT- AND KEEP HOLDING IT). . On the phone, go to HANDS FREE  (if you are not already there) and select it, then select LOOK FOR DEVICES.  It will find your Bluetooth now.  Select it.  . It will ask you would you like to bond?  Hit YES.  (bonding is good!) Then it will ask you for a pin.  Most pins are 0000 . (but check the instructions that come with your bluetooth device). . You have now successfully bonded your Bluetooth.  You may hang up now . (by the way, you can let go of your Multi-Access button) Congratulations!  You did it!. .  Remember, these are only general tips and hints, and are by no means complete instructions.  For complete instructions please read your instruction manual that comes with the bluetooth device.  This process will work for most Bluetooth devices and Motorola Cell Phones.  Your exact menu displays may differ a bit, but the general outline is the same.
You cant. the speaker volume on that thing is sorry . Get speakers. Sony speakers work best.really you cant....Im had/having the same problem, and the only solution is :GET SPEAKERS.even though they are expensive-ish the logitech ones are HOLY.
is it a burned cd?.. or your dvd/vcr doesn't isn't able to  read an dvd-rw disk.. you normally have to burn to a regualr dvd disc.. rw are re-writables and unless you finalize the disc.. it will not play..the player has to be able to read the rw disc. there are a few formats of a disc, make sure your player can read it. all that should be in the manual or around the outside of the box or you can call for assistance.
You need a wire that plugs into the camera.  Than On the other side U have a USB which will plug into your computer.  This wire should of come with your camera when you got it.Your camdorder connects to your computer using a 1394 (FireWire/i.LINK) connection. You need to check with your computer or where you bought it to see if you have that or not. If not, you can buy a board and put it in. . . You need a cable to connect your camera to that connector.. . You need a program, usually a video editing program, to do the transfer. I like Pinnacle Studio, but Adobe makes a good one (Premiere -- get the elements version, it has enough and costs less than the full version) and there are others that advertize direct to DVD, etc.. . The pinnacle product is about $99.00 Your camera's manual should help you with setting things up, the manual that comes with the programs will help and you can ask salesmen at computer stores for help, some have experience with video editing that can help you.. . ~Ken.ok..on your camera you have DV in/out...The easiest way to utilize this is to use the DV to USB or DV to Firewire cable that should have come with your camera...once you plug your Camera into your PC, a window will pop open (typically) asking what you want to do...copy to your Hard Drive...open Windows Explorer..etc...in that list will also be Windows Movie Maker...if not go to Start>>All Programs>>Accessories>>>Windows Movie Maker.... . Upon launching Movie Maker you will have a sidebar that begins with Movie Tasks..First selection should be..Capture from Video Device...select that function and begin the import of your video...If it says a device was not found...you may need to check your connection..or some cameras have a special internal mode that must be set in order for your PC to recognize the camera..check the directions for your JVC...once you begin your import...you will see the frames in your storyline at the bottom of the screen begin to fill up with your content...some cameras can be rewound or fast forwarded via the Movie Maker interface...some of them you will have to do this from the camera's controls...experiment and see what you can do.... . Another choice is a thrid party program like Roxio's Easy Media Creator...(around 99.00) or Sony's Vegas Movie Studio.. . More advanced programs like Adobe Premiere can be used to import footage, but requires somewhat of a higher learning curve and cost...depending on what you are attempting to create with your footage...the built-in Movie Maker from Windows XP..should be just fine...Big John's answer is right, however, it sounds like you probably have a firewire port on the camcorder. You can get a cable that transfers the firewire to USB so you can hook it up to your PC.You need a machine called a "dazzel" it will transfer it from the camera to the computer.
well first off you should not have to degauss in that most displays have a built in auto degauss   but  if the case is that the feature is not working one can degauss using a magnet starting a few feet from the display move the magnet in large circles around the display decreasing the circle size and distance as you go tile you come to the center of the display then continue as you increase size of the circles and ditance till once again a few feet away!  . However be warned that if you then move the display in relationship tp the earths magnetic field you will have to do it againAn LCD display is not affected by magnetic fields in the same way a CRT display would be. Degaussing would likely have no effect on the screen and would not solve the problem.. . Any color distortion that an LCD screen shows would be due to some sort of heat damage or some kind of physical damage (i.e. pressure or bending.) If there is some other sort of image distortion then the screen maybe damaged in some other way. It is very likely that any repair costs associated would be much greater than the value of the unit and would be much cheaper to buy a whole new unit.. . Since I have no idea how the "display is not correct," I really can't tell what is wrong with it.If it's too dark or too light, look for the contrast "thing" in the grafitti area. On my Clie SL10, it's in the lower right corner. It looks like a circle with black on one side and white on the other. (Or a pie dish with a half of a black pie in it)As far as I know, degauss is only for CRT displays. Since your handheld most likely is using LCD, I doubt degaussing the display is the solution.. . Maybe the LCD is broken.
Assuming you want your entire iTunes music library, when you plug in your ipod, in the bottom right corner area of the iTunes screen, there's a picture of an iPod.  Click it, then click the iPod logo on the top, second from the left.  Under Music, click Automatically update all songs and playlistss.  There you go!plug it in to your computer, open itunes, right click on your ipod and select "update"  which should transfer your songs anything else that you selected.
Different TV channeles have differrent sound level when u surfing the channel u will get one channel noicy and feel another one low volume in stable sound function u will get fixed desible out put on same channel or all channel will have same volumeIt is a feature that keeps the volume constant. Some shows are recorded louder then others and the volumes vary and stable sound adjusts for this automatically even with commercials.Many companys think that to get your attention during a commercial break, they blast their commercials very loud over your television.  When you are at home late at night and the rest of the family is in the bed, a commercial like that would be very rude.  Therefore some TV makers now have an option that automatically adjusts the volume to keep it at a "civilized" level, so you dont have to worry about waking up your spouse or kids.
COMPONENT HAS THREE COLOR CODED CABLES FOR VIDEO AND TWO FOR AUDIO. JUST MATCH THE COLOR OF THE CABLES WITH THE INPUTS. IT SHOULD BE VERY EASY.. IF YOU HAVE A "HDMI" INPUT ON YOUR TV, THAT IS EVEN EASIER AS THERE IS ONLY ONE CABLE THAT CARRIES BOTH AUDIO AND VIDEO SIGNALS AND IS  SUPERIOR TO COMPONENT.Component video is able to recieve HD signal from your source; ie. DVD player or set top box from media corp.....
If the sub is the only part of the system that drops out, it's not the cable. It's possible the sub is bottoming out and can't handle the output. List what model you have along with what the cross over and volume level it is set at.its probably not fully connected, fiber optic may be loose.
a lense cleaner is one idea.  However compressed air should also do the trick and it would clean out all the inside not just the lense.  And you may want to check the cables or upgrade them because cables were the cause of my home theater static.  interference can really mess up a signal and degrade the quality.buy a lens cleanerIf you're seeing static when you play a DVD, chances are that your cables or RF interference is the problem... not the cleanliness of your DVD player.. . The cables that are included with home theater products are for the most part, very poor quality, and seldom shielded. If cleaning the lens of your player with a cleaning disc ( http://www.buyextras.com/mecdlalecl.html ) doesn't improve your picture quality, look at the quality of cables and how you have them connected.. . If at all possible, keep video and audio cables away from power cords in order to reduce electromagnetic interference. Also, look for better cables at a site like Monoprice ( http://www.monoprice.com ). . If all these remedies don't make a difference, your TV itself may need servicing.Get a dvd lens cleaner disk.  They sell them at best buy, circuit city etc.  They also work really well on the lens in your cd player.
generally it means that he installed a mod chip or a chip that allows him to play copied or burned xbox games instead of real ones. it bypasses the normal security features on the XBOX and lets him rent a game, burn it and play it instead of paying 50 bucks for a brand new game.make it more powerful/faster/hot/great/awsome/
The only way I could figure out how to do that was to burn the music as a data file, not MP3 or audio disc, to a CD or DVD.. . After the music is on the disc, simply copy and paste the music files/folders to the location you wish to save them at. Try the My Music folder in My Documents.Why.... PCs Suck!If iTunes is not installed on your PC then you must install it first.  Secondly make sure the music you want to move is on your iPod.. . 1. Connect the iPod's USB cable to the PC.. 2. Connect the iPod to the USB.. 3. Open iTunes.. 4. from there select the songs from your iPod and drag them to where it says "Library" on the left menu.  You can also copy (ctrl+c) and paste (ctrl+v) your selections to the Library.. . by selecting the first song and holding shift while you select the last song, all songs will be selected.. . Hope that helped
I use T-Mobile too, you just have to pay more for the phone, tell them you want to just buy the phone straight up. I think it's usually 50 to 100 dollars more.You *can* get a new phone without extending your contract, but you'll have to pay full price for it. (Usually, when you buy a new cell phone at the time you're setting up or renewing a contract, you're getting the phone at a steep discount from it's "full" price.)You can get a new phone, but you will have to buy it at the inflated retail price.  It's best to wait until your contract expires, otherwise you will be paying MSRP, instead of the cheaper price.  If your local dealer is telling you that you are unable to switch phones, you should call the T-Mobile 800 number and talk to someone there.Go to Ebay and buy an unlocked phone and just put your sim card in the new and it will work. If you don't do that you'll just have to wait until you are eligible for an upgrade.If you are not interested in keeping the phone number, don't entend the plan once it expires.  Then sign up for a new plan which will get you new phones.  If you want to keep the same phone number, you can move on to different service provider and get new phones while keeping the same number.Change carriers.. . Or at least THREATEN to.. . I think you'll find them a bit more RECEPTIVE.You can get a new phone without signing a new contract. There is a great website called, LostMyPhone that caters to those of us who want new phones, without getting hosed, or as advertised, have lost our phone. They have very reasonable pricing and are easy to contact. They also just updated their site with some really awesome phones. Good Luck!Tell them to screw themselves and go to AlltelIt sounds like some kind of sales gimmick to keep you loyal to T-Mobile.
firstly, locate your downloaded songs. It usually in your music folders or recevied files folder. Then plug in your mp3 player to your PC, It usually appears as a E drive or removable storage drive. Then just drag the music you wanna download to your mp3.if u use have ipod just drag the song onto ITUNES to the ipod thats allok when your in the limewire library choose the tab for audio then on the bottom left side of the screen it has a explore button you click that and a window with all the song files comes up you open itunes then drag them on to your ipod.                                            good  luck.                                          your friend dj pipo. . .           www.myspace.com/pipopimpin
They make splitters that have a bunch of RCA inputs on the back and you just push a button to select what you want.  Buy them at wal-mart.You will need some kind of an input selector like the ones listed here:. . http://www.avdeals.com/selectormain.htm
Connect the TV to the VCR directly, and then there should be another connection thingy where you can connect the Antenna  to the VCR so this way you get all your programs directly and a clearer picture. If you need more help email me.make sure you have all your connections right; VCR A/V OUT to TV A/V IN (note the input label on the TV end).  then switch the tv to the corrosponding input channel that the VCR is connected to.Read the manual once more. Both the TV and the VCR should have troubleshooting sections. Try the suggestions. If no luck, call the 800 number in the manual to get assistance. Call the store where you purchased it. Consult your service plan or warrantee.most plasma TVs support multiple inputs (coaxial cable, component video, HDMI, etc) - you probably just need to to change the input the TV thinks it should be showing to match whatever your VCR is connected to.. . check with the manual for your TV on how to change the selected input.Hi charlie,. Check both your Plasma TV and VCR for the video-in/out, audio-in/out puts first.  To record programs in the TV via VCR, first connect the TV antenna to in jacket of your VCR.  The out chord from VCR is to be connected to video the in jacket of your TV.  After making these connections, scan your TV for the correct channel to display with.  It should be either VCH or UTH depending on the TV.  Otherwise it will be Video1 or Video 2 in the TV screen.  Better use double coloured Chords for making the audio/video connections.  Best of luck
You usually have to go into the settings and change it.  Sometimes your phone is automatically set to it or you can set your phone so that it will automatically switch from Analog to Digital.  Those are both roaming features, so check with your cell phone company to see what charges you will incur for using those roaming features.  If you don't get service I would suggest switching plans or service providers, but if you have a new phone you may not want to do that.  Read through your phones manual and it should instruct you how to change your roaming features, if your phone does not do it automatically.Go to "Settings" then go to personalize then go to homescreen then it might say "Homekeys" "Layout" and "Clock",then go into that and it will give you the choices to choose from.Well, I don't know how it works for that specific phone, but on my phone, it automatically switches between analog and digital, depending on the service that is available I assume.  I have the option to change it to where it only searches for digital service, but that means if only analog service is available, I'm stuck with no service.. . I know that doesn't help your situation at all, but I wasn't aware you had to manually switch between the two on any phone.I hate to break it to you, but your phone doesn't even offer analog - its too new.  Your phone is however tri-band, and it will auto-switch to find the frequency as best it can, however if you don't have service or signal, you don't have signal - period, it.  There isn't anything or any setting you can do to improve or change that.  You already are getting gsm 850 and 1900 which will let you roam onto not only your "home" or cingular towers (including the old ATT towers) but T-mobiles towers too with the 1900 frequency.  You already have the best phone you can for remote areas being a tri-band.  Don't monkey with it!Buy a digital phone saves all the trouble.
A DV camcorder records digital video onto tape or MiniDV. A DVD camcorder records DIRECTLY onto a DVD. . a minidv camcorder is better as recording on dvd results in lower quality due to compresion of the videothe dv camcorder use the tape or some of them use memory card or both tape and memory card... the dvd camcorder use the dvd to record it.... now..the dvd is better with its quality and easy to use it.....A DV camcorder records digital video onto tape or memory.  A DVD camcorder records DIRECTLY onto a DVD.Friend its really simple. A dv cam records the video on a magnetic tape, while a dvd cam records the video on a dvd. If u want to buy one I'll recommend an hdd camera, which records on hard drive. You can have information about all these camera types on folowing website. Tell me if u have any more truble
it depends on how much tax is being pay by the cellular company to the Government.Has absolutely nothing to do with Euro vs dollar.. . It has to do with cellphone technology.  Because of patents and US laws and the idiocy of many companies, prices continue to rise.  If you go to the Middle East or Europe the phones will be much better, the connections much clearer and the costs amazingly lower.. . Sometimes being American isn't that great.you need to check what the terms are on the phone purchase so that you are comparing apples to apples.. . if you buy the phone and register for a new plan, especially 12, 18, or 24 months, you often get a large discount on the price of the phone (down to the phone free in many cases).  Note that even if you already have a plan, if you agree to renew it for an additional 12, 18, or 24 months, you can get the same discount on the phone to go with your existing plan.. . if you just buy the phone, the price of the phone is often quite high.Probably because the euro or the pound are worth more than the US dollar.The thing with the phones in UK is that they normally come with a 12 or 18 month contract so when you see the phone for 25 pounds you're actually paying for it over the length of your contract.  I have a Sony Erricson w800i that I got free in UK, is $500 to buy over here!  A friend who works for T-Mobile here in US told me the FCC is to blame for the cellphone market being behind countries like UK....
t mobile will usually sell phones out at retail price or they have a lot on ebay you can purchase.  but if you are going from a regular cell phoen to a sidekick you will want to alter your plan to support the sidekick data.its going to cost more. its going to be like buying a pre-paid sidekick 2steal one lol cus the companys aren't gonna be nice
Use windows media player to convert them from a windows media format to mp3.Read the instructions you got with the mp3 when you bought it. It should have given all of its features on the box back or side. If you don't want to do that there is always google
they arent "tones" they are loaded songs on your computer thats why your razor has a small USB hole. all you have to do is get that cord then connect one end to the computer and the other to the phone and you should be able to load a couple of songs onto the RAZOR.  :)I don't know anything about razr's but you could try Bitpim (free download).  Check out howardforums.com for everything you ever wanted to know about cell phones....don't noYes becaause your razor actually has USB Connectivity so all you need to do is connect a A-B USB Cable and copy and paste them and whala. -AWESOME PHONE!!!You can make your own ringtones for free!. . First of all, you go to any ringtone site, but usually they don't have exactly what you want, or only part of a song, and it's not your favorite part, so you have to settle. That sucks!. . 1. MAKE YOUR OWN RINGTONE. Go to http://www.tucows.com/preview/502368...... and download the ringtone maker. Also, just about any MP3 editing sotware will work. Remember, the smaller the file, the cheaper it will be to upload it!. . 2. POST YOUR NEW MP3. Post your new MP3 to a website, such as your yahoo page. Right click and find the url for that mp3. It should end with ".mp3".. . 3. GET YOUR RING. Go to that url with your phone. It will automatically download that ring. . . 4. YOUR DONE. That's it, no more steps.just connect the usb cord and copy paste them....
read manuelRead the manual that comes with the game. It will probably say you need to link two systems together. If it doesn't say anything in the manual about two player, then you can't do it.
Thats just the codec and CCD's that its recording woth.  Don't worry about it.  It is probably like that to catch more detail.it's scared of you
try Yahoo! Go, hope they support your phone model.. http://go.connect.yahoo.com/go. . I think you don't need Mailplus.you are going to need mail plus...you need to be able to use pop3.  But 20.00 a YEAR is worth it.. . ~BD
You can always just dial the *67 or you can call your cell phone provider and have all of your calls blocked.if you want to selectively block it, the easiest thing to use is dialing *67 before you call.. . if you want to block it all the time, the best way is to just tell your carrier that you want it blocked for your line all the time (and then use *82 to unblock it selectively). . both the *67 and *82 are easy to add to your address book entries for things you want to block/unblock so you don't even have to dial it each time.
I used to use Soft Scrub with bleach to get things white again, but that was a while ago. I'm sure there are plenty more products out now. To clean inside the carafe, I would put ice cubes, lemon juice and salt, and it worked like a charm; maybe a lemon-juice mixture will clean the outside as well.. . This is why I have turned to black appliances :)denture tablets let it soak and rinse it outfeel the lid, if it feels slightly rough, the stain is a surface deposit, and something mildly abrasive and non-toxic like baking soda or tooth-paste will take it off, if the plastic feels smooth, like it did when you bought it, the plastic has been stained, you can try something like vinegar, but your only option may be to buy a new lidI know this one.... try cleaning it with your first pee of the day.Vinegar! Run it thru with some water. 3:1 ratio of water to vingar.  If this doesn't work, use bleach...I suggest Javex.I had a white Phillips coffee maker too and had the same problem.  I constantly scrubbed after use with baking soda, vinegar (once both at one time....dont do that LOL!!!!)  I dont think it is possible to get it clean once its that far gone.  I bought a new one (different make) with the same results but not quite as bad.  The only staining is on the lid rather than everywhere.To clean a coffee pot: salt, lemon, ice cubes, swish it around & this will clean it like new; the restaurants do it this way!CLR available in most stores. Cleans off the calcium/lime/rust on it. Hope your old enough to buy it.Try Baking Soda. I just saw aomething on TV about it the other day. It was taking coffee stains off of a Teacup but it should work. It's worth a try!!try a solution  equal parts   lemon, javex and water.  be sure to rinse well  and wear rubber gloves.Hi, have you tried the new Mr. Clean eraser? I tried it on mine and it came white again.Hi,.     I have had to clean coffee pots etc. which have been in fires. Plastic when it gets stained is almost impossible to clean because the stain isn`t only on the surface . One thing you can try is a good industrial degreaser like 2100 or 363 ;be careful as it is powerful!!wear rubber gloves .Place the lid in water just covering it add about 1/4 cup of degreaser and let it sit .rinse after a couple hours if the there is a difference you can repeat the operation.The only other option is chlorine bleach .Do NOT mix these .Use them seperately and only after rinsing the lid and sink  with clean water.remember working with chemicals to ALWAYS follow label directionsthere are two ways. 1 get your self a mister clean magic eraser. 2 pour baking soda in your hand and rub your coffee make with it you must first dampen the outside of the coffee maker.. . Let me know if it workedlet your pot sit in the sink for 5 minutes or less, with javex and some dishwashing liquid, wash as usual, rinse well, and voila...good as new! (i do this all the time :)can clean the pot and inside of maker by running vinegar w/ water thru a brewing cycle, then follow with clean water.. . the lid of the coffee pot...is that what you mean? use hot soapy water and a scrub brush to get in the crevices....hope this helps!Bleach and hot water try soaking the lid in bleach with a scruber it will come of easilyeither bleach it or buy a new one, coffee makers are cheapTry Vinegar or I heard CLR Works welluse a steam cleanerhave you tried baking soda, we use it in & on our coffee makers at work.  Also I use powdered citric acid (also known as "Orange cleaner") in my kettle.  Hope this helpsHave you tried vinegar?  The acid in it cuts through gunk quite well - It's also great for cleaning the INSIDE of the coffee-maker - put some in the water reservoir and run it through (obviously without coffee)Use bleach and then rinse several times to make sure you have rinsed coffee maker completely.....use the blech straight.CLRoxyclean should do the trickuse vinegar to clean the insides of the jar...dont know abt the lid..I think CLR works. But you have to be careful, b/c it's toxic.I run vinegar thru mine, but it does take a couple of cycles with hot water to clean well...clean your coffeemaker with vinegar. It will not only take off the brown color but will also help with any hard water calcium deposits built up on the pot.clorox works wonders i have one toCLR IS GOOD . BUT BLEACH AND THEN SCRUB IT WITH SOAP AND WATER REAL GOOD .TRUST ME IT WILL WORK.GOOD LUCKtry using baking soda or CLR.... or soak in in the sink with some bleechOxyclean, that stuff works miracles, if only the commercials weren't so stupid.Here u go i use this myself its real good for cleaning it...Kaf-tan KT-2 coffee maker cleaner. For automatic drip coffee makers. ODORLESS. Cleans and removes Lime Scale from Mr. Coffee, Black & Decker, Bunn-O-Matic, Braun, Krups and similar auto drip coffee makers.. Kaf-tam KT-1 coffee pot cleaner. - $1.49Try "Bar Keepers Friend"  it really works on everything.Dab on straight bleach-be careful it doesn't run down the sides of the coffeemaker and able to get into the mechanics of it-will work to some extent but from own experience unable to get rid of coffee stain completely for ha soaked into plastic-can also shake on carefully comet , wet just a bit to activate then let it stay on for approx1/2 to 1 hr same with Oxi-Clean-if none work completely and it really bothers get a new coffeemaker and wipe spills etc right away so the stains don't set in.if it is the glass pot try alkasetlzer tablet, or ice and lemon juice and salt, my mom has used white vinegar, i prefer greased lighting cleaner but use in a ventilated area as it is strong, comet works well, try writing heloise in good house keeping magazine she knows it alli used oxy i it works great on mineearth care products make a cleaner called pink solution cleans most every thingFORGET EVERYTHING ELSE YOU SEE WRITTEN HERE.. PAY CLOSE ATTENTION!!!. .                                                   USE MEAN GREEN. . . YOU WILL SEE THE BROWN STUFF ROLLING OFF BEFORE YOU GET IT SPRAYED ON GOOD. I WILL GUARANTEE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!try vinegar and a teaspoon of salt and let it sitdid you try comet ?try some baking soda mixed with a little waterhot  soapy water and bleach..oxiclean gets out everything! just follow the directions on the bottle.try vinger and warm waterlet it soak in some very hot soapy water and then use a scrub brush on it. also if you didn't know you can use vinager inside the coffee pot and run ten pots of fresh water throught the coffee pot after the vinager goes through.White cider vinegarThe pot or the machine itself?  . To clean old coffee out of the pot itself throw some ice cubes into the pot and shake them around. It scrubs the coffee stains right off. . If you are looking at the machine itself, try spray 9. Put it on a paper towel and rub it on. This stuff is great. It cleans everything. When you have cleaned it with spray 9, windex is great for keeping it clean.
Try hitting the middle button in between the arrows (if there is one) (it only works after they answer) and I am not really sure what number screening is...Sorry . :)I know click on the sources:
may be your network not support so. call the customer careyou should try and put the required code nos before the no  you want to send a msg also you can call up the free help line no and inquire...
Well if you DVD player has RCA outputs you just plug them into your deck and select line in and if want to get even easier use a fm broadcaster.  You can get them on Ebay for cheap and they just click into your headphone jacks and send a signal out that your deck and pick up.  Hope this was some helpAre you wanting to connect to your in car system so you can use your "in car" speakers for sound?. I did it for my portable by using the cassette deck, not the CD player...you might have to pull out your deck to see what kind of connections exist on your system...better seek a professional installer's help!A DVD will play CD's
Radio Shack or a store like that has a device you plug one end into phone, the other into a mini tape recorder and it will record the voice mails onto the tape. I needed to do this once for court purposes.Play them back and record the outputUse your speakerphone and a tape recorder or computer mic is the best I can think of.
Call your service provider (T-Mobile). Only they can turn off the voice mail. Also, if your usage is low, you can get plans which do not have voice mail and therefore cost less each month.contact your operator and ask them to turn it offhey dude just  call ur service provider  and ask them to deactivate ur voice mailEverything can be found on ebay...
General Packet Radio Service (GPRS) is a mobile data service available to users of GSM mobile phones. It is often described as "2.5G", that is, a technology between the second (2G) and third (3G) generations of mobile telephony. It provides moderate speed data transfer, by using unused TDMA channels in the GSM network. Originally there was some thought to extend GPRS to cover other standards, but instead those networks are being converted to use the GSM standard, so that is the only kind of network where GPRS is in use. GPRS is integrated into GSM standards releases starting with Release 97 and onwards. First it was standardized by ETSI but now that effort has been handed onto the 3GPP.. . GPRS is different from the older Circuit Switched Data (or CSD) connection included in GSM standards releases before Release 97 (from 1997, the year the standard was feature frozen). In CSD, a data connection establishes a circuit, and reserves the full bandwidth of that circuit during the lifetime of the connection. GPRS is packet-switched which means that multiple users share the same transmission channel, only transmitting when they have data to send. This means that the total available bandwidth can be immediately dedicated to those users who are actually sending at any given moment, providing higher utilisation where users only send or receive data intermittently. Web browsing, receiving e-mails as they arrive and instant messaging are examples of uses that require intermittent data transfers, which benefit from sharing the available bandwidth.. . Usually, GPRS data are billed per kilobytes of information transceived while circuit-switched data connections are billed per second. The latter is to reflect the fact that even during times when no data are being transferred, the bandwidth is unavailable to other potential users.. . GPRS originally supported (in theory) IP, PPP and X.25 connections. The latter has been typically used for applications like wireless payment terminals although it has been removed as a requirement from the standard. X.25 can still be supported over PPP, or even over IP, but doing this requires either a router to do encapsulation or intelligence built into the end terminal.. . [edit]. GPRS speeds and profile. Packet-switched data under GPRS is achieved by allocating unused cell bandwidth to transmit data. As dedicated voice (or data) channels are setup by phones, the bandwidth available for packet switched data shrinks. A consequence of this is that packet switched data has a poor bit rate in busy cells. The theoretical limit for packet switched data is approx. 160.0 kbit/s (using 8 time slots and CS-4). A realistic bit rate is 30–80 kbit/s, because it is possible to use max 4 time slots for downlink. A change to the radio part of GPRS called EDGE (sometimes called EGPRS or Enhanced GPRS however it actually stands for Enhanced Data Rates for GSM Evolution) allows higher bit rates of between 160 and 236.8 kbit/s. The maximum data rates are achieved only by allocation of more than one time slot in the TDMA frame. Also, the higher the data rate, the lower the error correction capability. Generally, the connection speed drops logarithmically with distance from the base station. This is not an issue in heavily populated areas with high cell density, but may become an issue in sparsely populated/rural areas.. . [edit]. The GPRS Capability Classes. Class A  . Can be connected to GPRS service and GSM service (voice, SMS), using both at the same time. Such devices are known to be available today. . Class B  . Can be connected to GPRS service and GSM service (voice, SMS), but using only one or the other at a given time. During GSM service (voice call or SMS), GPRS service is suspended, and then resumed automatically after the GSM service (voice call or SMS) has concluded. Most GPRS mobile devices are Class B. . Class C  . Are connected to either GPRS service or GSM service (voice, SMS). Must be switched manuallyGeneral Packet Radio Service - it's the thing that brings internet to your mobile phone.General Packet Radio Service. A GSM data transmission technique that does not set up a continuous channel from a portable terminal for the transmission and reception of data, but transmits and receives data in packets. It makes very efficient use of available radio spectrum.GPRS stands for General packet Radio Service.. It is used for internet connectivity and data transfer in Mobile Phones.
Get it to a specialist, or Delco customer support!have you tried putting a cd lens cleaner through your player?  also what format of music are you playing?  If you are trying to play ripped cds such as wma's or mp3's the player may not be able to play this format.
The "point" on the end of the probe goes under the rubber boot and in to the hole in the CRT where the 2nd anode cable is connected. Ground is ground is ground, so it doesn't much matter where you hook it. Many CRT's have a grounding "spring" strap thing around the  bell of the tube and you can use that for ground, or just clip it on the chassis frame ground. DO NOT clip it on what looks like a heat sync sticking up off the board as that could well not be a ground and could have Vcc voltage on it.With Tv switched off the tip of the probe is inserted under the rubber cap on CRT. The ground lead is connected to the graphite coating on the bowl of the crt, usually there is a bare beaided wire in contact with the graphite coating and you can connect to that ! Then switch on Tv .To my knowledge nobody as ever been killed from the EHT voltage as only small current can be obtained ! bit like car spark plug. However take care as you can do other damage when you drag your hand away !!.. . Sorry Dusty did not see your good answer until after I typed mine !!I can testify that it wont kill you, but it does burn like a SOB, fairly high freq and all. Question user, why do you want to measure your high voltage? In most of TVs these days, if the B+ (usually 130V) is regulating properly, then the HV is correct. Mostly all I ever do is clip a wire from ground to a flatblade screwdriver to discharge the HV, if I need to replace a flyback.If you do not know, do not try it.  It can KILL you.
You buy cards with a certain amount of minutes on them, then when those run out you get more. Or you can get a certain number of minutes each month but without a contract. The best companies would be Cingular, because they're very reliable (I have a Cingular phone so I know what I'm talking about), or Virgin Mobile, because they have neat phones that can do a lot of things.when you buy the cards you get minutes and a certain length of service-30 to 90 days usually.  if you have a credit or debit card you can do a pick your plan with which you get more minutes and separate night/weekend minutes.  pick up literature for the ones your interested in see what your options are.pick ur plan. . No annual contract or credit check. . Convenient, monthly automatic payments with credit card, debit card or checking account. . No roaming or long distance fees across our national service area. . Rollover® Balance™ lets you carry over unused funds from month to month. . Unlimited Nights & Weekends and Mobile to Mobile calling on select plans. . Know when funds are low—We'll send you a message when your balance reaches $5. Or dial *777# from your wireless phone anytime to check your balance. . . . Pay as u go. . . Rollover® Balance™ lets you carry over your unused account balance when you refill before your balance expires. . No long distance or roaming fees across our national service area. . Includes $10 PIN to get you started. . Track your usage—You will receive a text message with your updated balance after each call. . Refill your minutes 24/7
WHen you have the songs in your library, are you selecting them all and dragging them on to your ipod?  it should have a little number by your mouse arrow and then say copying in the message box at the top of itunes.  Hope this helps and is not something you have already tried.  Add more info and I will try to help you out.Click and drag to the playlist that you named or the ipod thingYou want to plug the iPod back into the computer.  Open up your iTunes and make sure that your iPod is listed in the left column with the other playlists and your library.  If it's there just open up your music library in iTunes.  Pick the song in your library you want to transfer to your iPod, click on that song and hold the mouse button down as you drag that song over to the left column, move the mouse over the iPod area in the list, and let go of the mouse button.  To know that your moving the song into the right place you will see a small light + sign appear over the song or in the general area of the iPod in the list.  If you moved the song correctly you will see in the top dialogue area of iTunes that the information is being transfered, it will list song, and what % of transfer is complete.  Once this is finished you can remove your iPod and your songs should be on there.you need to make sure your ipod shows in the list and then drop and drag from the library to your ipod its really easyWhen a song is in your library, it doesn't automatically go onto your iPod. So what you do then, after you imported the songs, drag them over to the iPod on the sidetool bar, when connected. And eject it, it should be there!once the ipod is plugged into the computer. go to the file button in top left and click. you should see add file to library. having done this, click the left menu bar where it says library and it should pop up and list all the songs you have in your library. once your computer recognizes the ipod, it'll shoe up on the left as well. pick your song and click and drag it to the ipod icon listed on the left. should be in the same column as the library button about 4 or 5 spaces below. if you're computer does not recognize your ipod you may need to update the software. on the top portion of the window, there should be a tools or help button. under one of those there should be an update button, press and it should update your stuff. NOTE you need to update your ipod as well as you itunes software together. if you don;t then neither will be able to connect to each otherok well first plug ur ipod in and open itunes.. next go and right cliick on ur ipod symbol in itunes and go to options. Then look around the tabs for automatically update. You might have to restart itunes. Also make sure all of the songs have a check next to them. . If this doesnt work go and drag all of the songs and let the mouse go on ur ipod. . If that doesnt work go and look for syncro to ipod.. . One of these should work. When i put my ipod in and open itunes it just automatically updates. Try that.. . Hope this works.U have to drag them over to ur IPOD... Highligt the song in ur library and drag them over to the icon (ur ipod)
Through Itunesdepends whether it is like a music file in itunes that you have transfered to your ipod or if you have a file on the ipod that is not within the files of the ipod as if you have used it like a usb and put it straight on there, if it is itunes one, then just go to itunes right click on the file and press clear to either delete from computer also or just from the list so next time it wont be on your ipod, if its the other type just go into it like a usb and delete it straight off, but be careful not to delete folders that are specifically for the ipod. sorry if this is confusing but couldnt put it more straight forward.If you are talking about a file that is not a music file, you just go in the iPod folder(it should open automatically once its attached to your PC, not, just go in the G:/, H:/...or whichever folder it is....click the file and hit delete!. If you wanna delete a music file, just click the song in iTunes and delete it(right click then clivk delet, click the song then hit delete on your keyboard...whatever).....
maybe you need smaller ear buds are you can get some good comfty earphones!!I don't like using earbuds. . . . They hurt my ears.
"FW" means FireWire.. . Sometimes IPODs go into diagnostic mode. To regain control, hold down "Select" and "Menu" until the screen goes black and it should reboot itself.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002OEBX6/104-6373083-9702359?v=glance&n=172282FW is your Charger for the i pod.....i thinkFW is a software which protects your mobile from external hakers, well you'll have to down load the software from the web, www.Answers.com site will surely help you.Wht model of ipod do u have ??
You may try to download Photorescue PC from Datarescue.com. I'm not sure that will work if it doesn't see the flash memory as external device, but it's worth a try. . Pentru profudefranceza, mai du-te si culca-tesounds like your out of luck.  Unless there is new software or firmware that you can download from the Benq website your pretty much going to have to give up on this quest.  If you can get the camera to look like a drive then you stand a chance.a deleted photo is.....well, deleted. it has gone to <<deleted photo heaven>>. by the way, are you a blonde?
because of the "micro-waves" I know they can affect pacemakers. and they used to cause harm to unborn children or female parts--but those were the old school models. never heard of brains being affected.Because of the radiation...duh.You apparently know this from experience, huh?The radioactive waves from the microwave tube scramble.... hang on.. my burrito is done!it causes no harmA microwave Gives of MICROWAVES which cause radiation duh so dont stare  into it!It does??? I didn't know that!!!radiation wavesIt might make you spell words incorrectly *microwave*. No just kidding, it will not harm your intelligence.I've never heard that happen before..but evidently it happened to you!!!!Is that why you spelled it "mocrowave"?IT DOES. THEN DONT LOOK INTO IT!!!!
Kick it, or hit it with an axe. Maybe just get cable.tin foil! remember the good ol' days? lol lol try that! i bet it'll work now!The dish itself must be pointed so there's no interference from trees, or power lines. If the receiver has lost the signal, hold the power button in for a few seconds and it should fix itself. If and when everything you've tried fails read the instruction booklet or simply call the number for support.Plug it in.
If the player has a rechargeable battery, then you can charge it. If it does not have, you can buy rechargeable batteries with a charger so you can recharge your batteries.Plug it in the wall smart one, and if it dont plug buy rechargeable batteries with a charger
send it to your phone via (USB, Infra red, Bluetooth). or download ityou mean V3 phone?  USB data cable and software - Motorola makes an easy to use software called Motorola Mobile Phone tools that will let you upload ring tones and download your pictures and stuff.  You can find the bundled set both cable and software very cheap online.
Me personally I would not take the tape apart myself unless I knew exactly what I was doing. There are places who fix things like that if you ask around or look in the yellow pages or what not ask a professional what they would consider because if your tape is off the reel now I do not think it is fixable unless professionally repaired. I would also suggest you tell the person who you borrowed it from and tell them exactly what happend so theyre not upset and tell them what you're willing to do to fix it. Good luck in your search I hope I was helpful to you in anyway possible.There should be screws on the underside of the tape that you can remove in order to open up the cassette.  You can try scotch tape to stick the tape back to the reel, but I don't know if it would hold up to rewinding.  Maybe find someone who does Video to DVD or Film to VHS/DVD conversions and ask them to repair it.Take it to a video rental store and beg them to splice the tape for you.like  a  broken  bottle,  the  tape is  not  repairable.take the tape apart removing the screws then like the tapes of old the 8 tracks and cassette tapes reconnect the spool and finish by returning the screwsYou will need to get both ends of the tape out of the cassette so that you can make the repair.  There is a small button you can push to "open" the tape just like your VCR does.  Once you have the tape drawn from the cassette, make sure both ends are smooth and have no wrinkles in them.  You may have to cut off some tape to get to the good part.  Then using a good quality adhesive tape, put the ends together and apply the adhesive tape.  Then, turn the video tape over, and tape the other side as well.  You will notice a little 'blip' when this sections plays, but the rest of the tape will be fine.carefully open the cassette and with an exacto knife trim any rough edges {try not to remove too much} from both sides.  Make sure your hands are clean and dry.  Use ordinary scotch tape to reconnect the tape.  Trim the tape with the exacto knife to make sure that you only use as much as necessary.  You are lucky that it broke at the beginning because mine broke in the middle so a couple of frames were lost.buy a vhs tape repair kit and follow the instructions. it's easy.The first answer was correct; now for how take out the screws remove top cover, do not take the tape reel out of the case. On the reel that is empty colored piece of plastic usually red, yellow, or black you will need a pair of small pliers to pull it out remove it and watch the direction that the scrap piece of tape comes out and take the end of the tape and feed it around the outside or the 2 silver pins in the front of the case then insert the end of the tape into empty reel replace colored piece of plastic to hold in place. Replace top holding in place turn over and replace screws. Or you could do as the other guy said an just tape it back to the reel.  If the tape is broken trim ends even and tape on the backside (scotch tape).
it depends on what carrier you have most of them have websites were you can login and view your account and you can basically do everything online, for example you can change your billing address, view ur bills, make or Remove downloads from ur computer w/o ever accessing your phone.1st way: go to your menu go to settings got to audio go to which ever audio setting it is on and click details...a list should come up and one says ringer...change it to what ever you want. 2nd way...go to menu then my stuff then go to my sounds go through your sounds....click the sound with the button above the up arrow and scroll to apply as ringtone.It all depends on what type of phone you have and your carrier, I got Alltel and my cellphone has a Axcess Apps on it, that is the only place where I can get ring tones, backgrounds, etc through there, you cant go to those free ring tone websites to get them cause you can only get it through Axcess Apps, If you have Axcess Apps on your phone that is the only place where you can get ring tones.  To find out without checking your manual is go to your menu on your cellphone and if there is a icon that says apps then that is Axcess Apps.  Hope this helps.
That sounds like the heads need to be cleaned, does it do it to more than one tape, or just some tapes?. . Here's what to do:. . 1. get a screw driver. 2. have qtips available. 3. get rubbing alcohol. . Step 1:. open up the vcr. 2. Locate the shiny metal heads (cylinders). 3. saturate the qtip with rubbing alcohol. 4. use the qtip to clean the shiny metal heads. 5. insert a tape while the vcr is still open. 6. find out where it is getitng stuck. 7. use more alcohol in that area. . 8. Make this your best answer if it fixes it.Some have tiny screws holding them together.  Take it apart and cut the damaged part out, tape it back together with scotchtape.. If there are no screws, you could break it out, and transfer it to a case that does have screws, or cut the case apart.You know the grooves on the back of the tape? Turn the tape so the "eaten" tape is on top and turn the left groove counter-clockwise and turn the groove on the right clockwise. Do it slowly so it isn't further damaged. Get a new VCR, because my grandma's old VCR starting tapes, and then never stopped.you cant fix it... buy a new one. . If you were able to fix tapes that got eatin my Finding Nemo would be saved:( Poor nemo died
I bought a pair of those $50 Sony earbuds made for jogging about 3 years ago.  I go jogging at least 5 times a week, and they've lasted me so far.  I would highly recommend those, even though they are crazy expensive for headphones.yeah its happened to be.u should try buying an expensive pair that last long and have a good warranty.i called the warranty number and was sent a new pair check your warranty.dont pull on the cord and put them in a safe placeThis happens to me all the time. I think it has something to do with the wires breaking apart as a result of the headphones moving around a lot. My advice is to not waste money on expensive headphones, because it will happen to them too. Just buy cheaper ones.I also have the Sony 50$ earbuds. They work great. Actually most Sony headphones are extremely well made (except for the 10 dollar ones). Its all about the quality of the soldering of the interior wires. I once took apart a pair of cheapo Accurian hadphones and it looked like the wires had been superglued instead of soldered....
If the power is totally shot, then you can't without going to a repair shop. If the machine still has power but can't pop the tape out then unplug the vcr and re-plug it back in to try to re-set/reboot the machine then try eject again.If powering it on and off and unplugging it from power doesn't work then you will have to take it to a repair shop or try removing the covers and carefully dis-assembling it and removing the tape. But if you dis-assemble it ,it may not ever work again. But if it's not working anyway try taking it apart it might even be fun but make sure you unplug the power cord beforehand.
Rap becouse RnB is too freakin slow and always talkin about brake ups and stuff and Punk is too fast and headbangingish but rap is good..and u can usually dance to itRAP because the music just makes you get up dance & shake that booty!!! HA HA !!!!It depends on the song.It all depends on my mood. I listen to all three.punk rock and emo.. because they are honest, cool and they basically speak ur mind..r/b dont u know u got to have a little soul or it just aint rightThis question is going to do nothing but start arguments, because everyone has their own opinion.Punk and Rap are passing fads.. R&B has been aorund as a defined music type since 1955, and it ain't slowin' down.. It has "staying power".. It easily crosses race and age barriers, therefore giving it more of an audience.. R&B will still be playing when you are trying to tell your kids aobut your old time Rap & Punk music.. . 50 years and still going strong.R n B because its all about making love not violence and doesn't degrade women like rap does. Depends on my mood I might do punk or rap.
It has to be a digital camera. If it is, follow the instructions in the first post-If it isn't, develop the photo & scan it.Your camera should have come with a USB cable. Connect the camera to one side of the USB cable and the other end to the USB port on your computer. Then you'll be able to go into my computer after hardware has been installed properly, and transfer pictures.
you cant. if its that screwed up, you cant fix it. just buy another one, unless you just bought it, take it back to the store and tell them that its scratched and it was an accident.Toss it & get a NEW ONEyou fix it by buying a new one . duh!!!!!!!!. theres no hope for an extremely scratced dvd or cdhow do you? i have the same problem.If the scratches are not that many and not that bad, put it in your toilet (clean ofcourse), and flush. This usually takes care of minor scratches.whipe it down with alcoholrub some toothpaste on then polish it offYeah, I've heard about the peanut butter, toothpaste, and mayonaise.  If you must use one of those items (and they are "messy") consider first the original use for these products.  They each contain "oil" - any oil based product is going to leave a slight residue.  One of your other answerers had the perfect answer as to how to apply said product to your DVD - the one who said the thing about applying the "polish" - you put it on and rub it in, then "polish" it off with (it could take as many as three) soft cloth.  And like another of your answerers (perhaps more than one) said: "This will not get rid of the scratches" it will only "fill" the scratched areas with "something".  There may or may not be an improvement!  The idea of using the same product that a video store, or an electronics store uses is probably the best thing to do.  Otherwise, the old "tride and true" is to get another DVD!I have read  NEVER tried this yet but I'vee read that a small coating of vaseline rubbed on then rubbed off will do the trick..Peanut butter also will work BUT BE SURE TO WIPE IT OFF...As before ,I've not tried this ,only read of it.....best to ya ....I have used glass cleener, but you can buy a disc repair kit at Walmart.You cannot "fix" anything that is associated with the storage of various types of images or sound with toothpaste or peanut butter.One is for the teeth and the other the appetite.What you can do is purchase a buffing cloth and scratch remover from any high end electronics store.I would not expect anything near fixed,but it should be "improved"I use furniture polish... like pledge on a soft cloth and buff till dry & shiney.  The wax in the polish fills in the scratches so the laser on your dvd player will glide right over them.you can use mayo to buff out the scrapes. really cheap and it really works.Hi, beware of the 'cd repair kits' as I bought one myself and it never worked on really damaged cd's. It looks like a cd player, you place the cd inside and add some abrasive cream to it. As it spins, a pad wipes the cream on the cd and is supposed to polish the surface. Works good for tiny scratches but the deeper ones won't make a difference. :)If I were you I would just replace the cd. Use it for a frisbee or something. There isn't really any way to fix a cd that is that badly damaged.Its very impossible to fix Cd or dvds that are extremely scratched ...Cause u cant get undo the scratches .... . Just buy a new one and then copy it to ur computer ...In that case u have a back-up copy of the cds u buy .. So that when the cds get scatch there no worry again..I bought a product made just for this,at a music store.There are three steps,and it takes about twenty minutes from the time you apply the paste to the time you spray the finish.It worked wonders on the DVDs I had.It cost about $15.00CAN,and there was enough to do twenty DVDs,Cd's.I cannot remember the name but there were a few companies to choose from.I hope this helped.the scratch removing product is called the skip doctor...we have one...works pretty good on minor scratches. deep ones id go with the pledge and soft cloth..ie..a cloth diaper..good luckdvd cleaning solutiongo to walmart and get the cd repair kit...it buffs out scratches...first wax toothpaste than rinse with cold water than wax again after a few timesThey have this machine at certain electronics locations that basically sands down some of the plastic on the disk and re-polishes it so that it can be used again.  The cost for this is usually $1/disk.  If you cannot find this there is another gadget that my hubby and I purchased that does the same thing...we purchased it from best buy...you plug it in place the disk in and it repolishes/fills in the surface.  It cost about $14.95 but when you think about the cost of one CD we thought it was worth it.  It worked pretty well on some of the lighter damage but we had one that had a huge crack in it and of course we just had to count it as a loss.do you know how to wax a car?? you use tooth paste like that. . you rub it on there, and get the whole disk covered in it, and then you use a clean, sof, dry rag, and rub it around in small circular movements, and then with a new soft clean dry rag, you polish it all off. make sure that you polish off all remaining tooth paste residue.. if scratches are still visible, repeat as desired.. according to how deep the scratches are, it may or may not be repairable.There isnt any hope for a damaged DVD or CD. Just take a $20 bill and buy a new one! it wont put that huge of a hole in your pocket.An extremely scratched DVD most likely needs to be replaced. Those items are probably good for smaller scratches, but I believe you may still have problems with the DVD. My suggestion is to either buy a new one or try the felt material cloth that is designed to remove scratches from CD's/DVD's.Many electronics stores have a 'CD/DVD repair kit'.  It works by sanding or polishing the DVD with a very fine grit material.  It will actually remove some of the plastic on the DVD to return it to a readable state.  It will not work on deep scratches.  Once you have polished the DVD, put a protective cover on it so that if it gets scratched again, the cover can simply and easily be replaced.THE ONLY WAY I HAVE FOUND TO REPAIR SCRATCHES IS TO BUFF THE CD OR DVD. I USE A DRILL PRESS WITH A BUFFING PAD ON IT. THATS A BIT MUCH I ADMIT BUT YOU HAVE TO POLISH THE PLASTIC DOWN PAST THE SCRATCHES. I SUGGEST CALLING A VIDEO GAME STORE AND ASK IF THEY HAVE THIS AVAILABLE. MOST GAME STORES WHO DEAL IN TRADING VIDEO GAMES HAVE ONE TO MAKE SURE THEIR USED CD'S OR DVD'S WILL WORK.I know some electronic stores sell a cd/dvd repair kit, but that's usually expensive and you never know if that stuff will work on all your scratches.1 - Buy some "Brasso" brass/metal polish.  . 2 - Put some Brasso on a clean cloth.. 3 - Buff the scratches out of the plastic by rubbing gently from the center of the CD to the outer edges.  . 4 - Rinse with water and dry the CD.. 5 -  Test the CD.  . 6 - If the CD still skips, repeat the above steps.download and record a new one since you have the original it is not illegal.  or call the manufacturer and ask them if they could replace it usually for a minimal fee and you would have to send them your dvd, but if the dvd is less than 15 dollars you are probably going to spend very close to same amount if you just buy a new one. For scratch repair on a severely damaged disk well... it is non existent even if the data side is still intact to deeply resurface a dvd you would need to practically relayer it (More expensive than buying 10 dvds)I use ALCHOLI've heard about the toothpaste thing also, however, i am not sure how to apply it either, i would suggest checking out a household hints website, and I am sure you can find the directions there.   sorry couldn't be of any more help.
When set at 10:10, the hands nicely frame the watchmaker's logo/name and/or a diamond or jewel of some sort.  It's been done this way for so long that even if the face is blank, it is still set that way.I have heard that this is to commemorate the time of day at which Abe Lincoln was shot something like that. Don't know if that is true.Because the logo of the watch company is usually below 12 and the hands frame it. It has been that way for about 60 years.
In hopes that just a little more juice can be squeezed from them--at least just enough to avoid having to get up and scrounge for some fresh batteries. Or--God forbid--to have to make a run to the store to buy some.because we're too lazy to change the batteries and we feel that maybe there's just a little more juice in the remote.. . (I go to the extent of opening the back where the batteries are and rolling them around, to hope for more power.)For the same reason we continue to press the call button for the elevator... it'll show up faster.. Won't it?Cause you dont want to get up and change the batteries so you figure if you press it hard enough its like forcing the rest of the life out of the battery.  however this isnt the case but when it works you feel like a hero.I hate to admit this - but I don't press it harder, I try waving it in front of the TV or VCR or DVD or Surround Sound etc.... like that's gonna helpThe human desire to have control over our surroundings???
EV or EVDO is a high speed internet technology over cdma(Sprint, Verizon) networks, 1x is internet at 1/10 the speed of evdo. It varies from one to the other since EVDO is not always available in as many areas as 1x.EV-DO high-speed data standard.  EV or EVDO is a high speed internet technology over cdma networks, and the 1x is internet at 1/10 the speed of EV-DO.I have that cell and have wondered the same. Thanks for pushing me to find out what it's all about!. . 1x Evolution-Data Optimized, abbreviated as EV-DO or 1xEV-DO and often EVDO, is a wireless radio broadband data standard adopted by many CDMA mobile phone service providers in Japan, Korea, the Czech Republic, Russia, Latvia, Romania, Portugal, Brazil, Israel, the United States, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Venezuela, Angola, Mexico, and Puerto Rico. It is standardized by 3GPP2, as part of the CDMA family of standards. 1xEV-DO is pronounced "Wun-Ex E-Vee-Dee-Oh." It is commonly referred in the industry as DO ("Dee-Oh").. . CDMA2000 1x, the core CDMA2000 wireless air interface standard, is known by many terms: 1x, 1xRTT, IS-2000, CDMA2000 1X, 1X, and cdma2000 (lowercase). The designation "1xRTT" (1 times Radio Transmission Technology) is used to identify the version of CDMA2000 radio technology that operates in a pair of 1.25-MHz radio channels (one times 1.25 MHz, as opposed to three times 1.25 MHz in 3xRTT). . . Thanks for the question!It is related to the Cell signal. EV is a high speed internet data transfer, and 1x basiclly means it is 1/10 of EV speed. This is on networks that run off of CDMA technology. (More specificlly Verizon Wireless and Sprint). . Hope this helps!
set the clock!!!throw it in the trash and but a dvd playerWhy do you even have aVCR? get with the program! DVD all the way man!Learn how to set the time by reading the manualset the time on it...read the directionsSet the time.What Make and Model and I can tell you how :)did u said a VCR??? do they still exist???read the manual and set the time.Find a 6 year old kid and have them program the freakin thing for you!  LOLset the time sometimes u have to use the remoteset up time or disconnect itGet some electrical tape (the black stuff) and cover over the clock. Then you don't have to see it.set the time..it was  resetted..either by a power outage or maybe the plug was pulled.set the timeSet the time.  You can do this by looking at the VcR's owners manual and folowing the instructions.  I think you should also have a correct clock near you.  It's okay if it's a minuite or two off.  It is probably blinking like that because you had a black out or somthing.. . Best of luck!Set the time on it.Try setting the time. If that don't work, you may have to buy another because it may be broken.find your booklet on your vcr and reset it to the current timeunplug itSmack it and then yell, "NO.......NO". it seems to work with mineBuy a strobe lite that blinks at the same rate, it'll may it appear as though it steadily shows 12:00Push the button that says "min" or "minutes"Unplug it and buy a DVD player.Set the time :-)
Psychologically, it has been shown to be the most positive/optimistic time which in turn leads to more sales.  Probably due both to the upward/positive trajectory and the resemblance to a smile.that's the acknowledged and all clear signal for radio communications.Because the person who invented the watch died at 10:10
i dont think cingular can do that, thats something the police have to do.  a friend of mine had the same problem you do and thats what they told himYou can't.  I went a few months back to see if I could get a number blocked from calling/texting me... It's not possible to do they said... You just have to put up with it, sadly.you can call Cingular just press 611 on you're cell phone and they can help you with thatCall cingular they'll have you give you the guys number plus area code, then they'll type it in the computer then DONE! Of course they'll give you step by step instructions.. . Good luck!call the cingular operator
When you reformat it, did you reformat it in the FAT format?  Most cards still use this file format for they haven't moved to NTSF file format yet.  Also, if your card had some hidden files on there before, you'll need to go to the site of where your camera or memory card was produced and download a little 1k-some file and put it on the card so that the camera recognizes the card.  Good luck.Wherever possible, format a memory card in the device you wish to use it. In the case of a card in a camera, use the camera.. . The camera expects the card to be formatted in a certain way, which your computer/laptop may not do. This is apparent in the file system. This is also important in an xD card. Olympus and Fuji develop this media, but Olympus use a special panoramic setting. This setting is stored on the card. If you format this with a different camera or with a computer, it wipes this setting too. But with the original camera with panorama, it formats and keeps this setting.. . I realise your question is based on a CF card, but this example gives one reason why you should use the device and not a third-party formatting method.Did You change settings on the camera during the photo shoot, to TIFF, or RAW format?  A lot of card readers will not recognize anything but jpeg..like photo kieosks.  Try formating your card in the camera, not on the puter?   Just a thought..Format the card again using ur camera, there should be an option in it. Hope it works!The first is caused by unsafe removal of your camera from the PC. before you disconnect your camera from the PC, make sure you stop or eject the device/flash drive first so that it won;t cause any error to youe camera.. . For the second problem, you have to format your flash card with the camera for it to recongise it. what formatting does is it prepare the storage device for the particular device which its been formatted with. so if you format a Flash Card with PC, it prepared for PC, not camera. You need to format the Flash with the camera. If you did so already, try and format it againFormatt the card in your pc/laptop.. FAT and (do not use "QUICK FORMAT") then try again...( make sure you insert card into reader THEN put both into pc..............) good lucktry reformating it ... then rename it cam-CF. right click on it use properties and tools and use scandisk click all boxes ticked should work. . but one thing big cards 1 gig def need fat32 windows tryes to use ntfs it wont work thats it !. . ps cams have in menu formater could use this as last resort
sound's cool, i think that would be a very good idea. people don't think of things like that maybe if you made one you could become very rich. by the way,i have an uncle namedjohn. do you live in illinois?my calcuator doesnt start over and I have thought about the second idea alreadyyah!wow you are a very simple person. Are you even allowed out by yourself? I think you ought to ask them to let you back in to the sanitariumso what who cares just like u answered my questionsounds neat... like something in Star Trek or Back to the future
Uniden.  They're been around for years and years and make everything from Bearcat scanners and CBs to cordless phones.Single handset=Panasonic  kx-tc1486n  $35. Multiple handset=Uniden dxi-986-2           $40. Single handset with answerer=AT&T 1465  $60. Multiple handset with answerer=AT&T e2600b  $160
which make cell phone do you have???. . i know how to assign tones in a nokia cell phone but no clue about cingular...oki hopefully this will work...dats how i do it.... . 1. record da "ringtone" u wish 2 have on voice memo. 2. check if it sounds good, etc.. 3. save da voice memo. 4. go 2 messages & create a new pic message. 5. destination 4 da message is ur own cell # & DO NOT insert a  pic in2 da message. 6. insert sound, then pick dat its from voice memo or my melody or preloaded *i figured u'd b creative & use voice memo*. 7. then simply send da message. 8. u right away retrieve dat message & then go 2 options & save sound. 9. finally, go 2 ur contacts & add ringer ID in2 dat contact's info. . . *i started up w/ voice memo in case u didnt want those prelaoded ringers or music tones...*My mobile is as dead as my head at the moment but if my memory serves me correctly you go to contact list, pick your name and go to edit, and scroll down to ringtone in edit options.. There can only be two ways, the way I said above or via the ringtones and then choose recipient for the tone.. I have many different tones set for different people and another for texting and yet another for Multimedia service
Download and install iTunes from Apple onto your Mac or PC.. . You don't need the start-up CD to get the software and updates to the software.plug in your nano, and open itunes if it doesn't open automatically. . then click on the ipod in the sources list (to the left).. . Down the bottom (below your songs on ipod) there will be an ipod options button (the button to the left of the group of buttons down the bottom-right). . Click it, then click on photos. Check the folders of pictures that you want copied to your ipod and click on Ok.
it means modifying your Playstation to play pirated games and dvd's.... . or, if your'e not an underground gamer, modding simply means converting a consoles language settings to english, replacing the cummer-thingamajig and therefore costing a little moolah.... . :)OK, The meaning of modding your PS2 or Xbox . Is to modify the features of them to be able to alter or remove security features that would prohibit the use of playing backup games or load in software that would be homebrewed (homebrewed means some type of software made from a non official source). Yes, you can play pirated games or DVDs but that would be illegal to do.Modding can also mean just adding interesting features - extra lights for example.  Usually when pertaining to consoles though it refers to modifying it to allow the console to play illegal copies of games and/or do things not advertised or supported by the company.  For example playing MP3 CDs or something.  I believe it is possible to "mod" an Xbox to act as a computer for example.. Modding as a general term simply means changing the features or capabilities of something.
like "Patrik G" said you can create them yourselves or you can (if your´e feeling lazy) format the memory stick. WARNING! if you format it all youre data will be lost so copy them to your computers hard drive first before formating.you have to create the folders yourself. Look in the users manual to find out more. Thanks, they have to be in the exact sequence as what the users manual says, if not, they won't work.
They are sensitive to IR light or just amplify light. Infra Red goggles need an IR flashlight or other light source usually mounted to the goggles.by allowing you to see in the dark.I have a pair VERY EXPENSIVE! There is actually two types.Heat gathering or light .The light are better.They pick up as much light as possible and yeah i think so.nvg's............i dont know the technicalities of how but i know that it picks up the little bit of light that there is out there and it magnifies it so u can see more...its weird coz im in the army and when i use them and have the cover over the lens...u can still see. the cover is solid and black. so yea lil homie, theyre pretty powerful.They take existing light and electronically magnify it thousands of times to give you a picture of what is in front of you. Currently, NVG's are being replaced by infrared based NVG's which don't need light, but can use it if it's available.
You may be receiving them directly from Yahoo Weather.  Go to the weather page of Yahoo, or your MyYahoo, if you set one up.  Click on the link to 'add alerts to mail'.  If you have a cell phone alert checked there, uncheck it.on-line go to my account then subscriptions
What kind of MP3 Player do you have? I know how to do it with my Creative Zen Micro. You plug it into the computer and start the Creative Micro Explorer. You then go to your music library,  click on the artist, then cd, then right click the song and go to "Change Details" or something like that and change it.In your player first you highlight the file that is to be renamed and then you press the options, in the options menu you can find renam... using that you can rename it..Go to the options icon within your music player.  Click on "edit."  You will need to rename each selection, as each was probably downloaded seperately.just delete it and re dowload from the original source or the site u dowloaded it from (save as) on to your mp3 player and it will have a text box at the bottom asking what name you want (file name)you have to do it on the computer. then you rename it and then redownload it
if you have a camcorder, you might be able to export the video to the cam via firewire cable.  otherwise, you might need to create an analog connection between your computer and the cam using s-video or rca cables.try importing the footage and putting it in the timeline, then export the movie out to dv camera.
The iPod mini was discontinued in late 2005, replaced by the iPod nano. Thus, stores were no longer supplied with mini's and stopped selling them.Apple stopped making them so look on ebay you can usually get them cheaper there anywayBecause Apple stopped making them.  You can buy refurbished iPod minis at the applestore online.because they were replaced with the iPod nanoBecause they came out with the 'less for more' nano.  For the same price, you get half the storage capacity.  But hey, it's smaller!  ; )Apple stopped making them and replace them with the nano technology stepping up and evoling better design in the nano and better qualitythe fad is over...
Pertaining to Math. In the mathematical subfield of numerical analysis, interpolation is a method of constructing new data points from a discrete set of known data points.. . Pertaining to Music. In music, interpolation is an abrupt change of elements, with (almost immediate) continuation of the first idea.. . Pertaining to Manuscripts. In relation to literature and especially ancient manuscripts, an interpolation is an entry or passage in a text that was not written by the original author. As there are often several generations of copies between an extant copy of an ancient text and the original, each handwritten by different scribes, there is a natural tendency for extraneous material to be inserted into such documents over time.. . Hope that helps!. . One of those should make sense to you. : )the act of making insertions or additions.1.In relation to literature and especially ancient manuscripts, an interpolation is an entry or passage in a text that was not written by the original author. As there are often several generations of copies between an extant copy of an ancient text and the original, each handwritten by different scribes, there is a natural tendency for extraneous material to be inserted into such documents over time.. 2.In the mathematical subfield of numerical analysis, interpolation is a method of constructing new data points from a discrete set of known data points.. 3.In music, interpolation is an abrupt change of elements, with (almost immediate) continuation of the first idea.. . . Now you figure out which meaning you wanted.Interpolation:. 1.To insert or introduce between other elements or parts..    a.  To insert (material) into a text..    b. To insert into a conversation.. 2.To change or falsify (a text) by introducing new or incorrect material.. 3. Mathematics. To estimate a value of (a function or series) between two known values.it means to mix together some facts or ideas and come up with a new thought or idea based upon them. It is not the same as interpretation.It means you know what the weather was on Monday and you know what it was on Friday, so you just guessed what the weather was on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday.   . . Usually you guess that Monday's weather morphed smoothly into Friday's weather through the week.  That's linear interpolation.  It's good enough most of the time but it can miss the odd three-day hurricane.In what context?? . . I am a SAP trainer & in relation to SAP system, interpolation means an estimated figure between 2 known figures.In graphics, when you resize a pic or whatever, it's kinda like the software makes an educated guess on what a pixel's color will be based on it's neighbor's color. Because pixels must be added or taken away to grow or shrink a pic.The common phrase meaning much the same thing is 'reading between the lines'. In mathematical & scientific terms it means interpreting data between known points on a plot or similar collection/presentation of data.In math it means using the data you have to 'guess' where your answer might be. A close synonym is 'interpret' or 'interpretation'. . See Also "Extrapolate"I'm guessing you mean interpolation related to digital cameras.  As you probably know a digital camera takes a photo with a resolution of a certain number of pixels (little dots).  Now say that you a dot of red nest to a dot of white a camera with interpolation will guess what a pixel in between these would be which logically would be pink and insert it in.  A camera without interpolation will just leave it as it is.  It is a method of trying to make a camera look better than it is.. . In Maths it is a method of estimating a point on a curve in between two known points.Bad mispronunciation of translating something.dictionary pleaseSomething between the last few answers I gave you, dick.Image interpolation occurs in all digital photos at some stage-- whether this be in bayer demosaicing or in photo enlargement.  It occurs anytime you resize or remap (distort) your image from one pixel grid to another.  Image resizing is necessary when you need to increase or decrease the total number of pixels, whereas remapping can occur under a wider variety of scenarios: correcting for lens distortion, changing perspective, and rotating an image.try a dictionary
The game is on Xbox 360 and will be released sometime this holiday season, 2006. Probably early on in the holiday season as well.Most likely this fall. It will probably be on the 360 and PS3, possibly the Wii.it's microsoft game studios so it definitly wont be on anything other than the 360 and yes this fall
You've signed up for it. I accidently did, and I know how annoying it is. Go to the MSN site and cancel.You are paying for itchances are someone may have signed up for MSN Mobile and opted to have hotmail messages sent to the cellular number they provided. If it was you, you may have simply forgotten it, in which case you should go to the MSN Mobile site and cancel the receiving of those messages.
When you install a cd changer it gives you the opportunity to load more than 5 cds at the time in it. They  are useful not that cheap either, now if you spend most of your time driving it's a good option.. . Yes they are easy to install as long as you know how to plug your regular cd player in your car and very basic electronics. . CD changers can accommodate multiple discs in one unit to permit you to play as many as 12 CDs in a row--or in random order--for long periods of uninterrupted music. . Check this website it will give an idea:. . http://www.cartoys.com/default.cfm/t/Car_Audio/c/CD_ChangersPick Me! Pick Me! Okay well all I know is that a cd changer probably has something to do with changing CD's.
itunes sucks if you have another..because dell only excepts some formats, and apple puts in the one format that dell doesn't take. plus they make it so you cant change the format if you buy it from itunes(at least its true bout the songs). good luck, dunno about other brandsyou cant, iTunes videos are protected and only work on ipod
My Nokia does the same thing, it is most likley battery related, but when you rule that out like I did, you have the phones operating system acting up, just like windows for the pc.My nextel was doing the same thing i have an i860. What it was, was a short with the button because the side of it started to come loss, but if you take it to a repair shop they will be able to fix it for you.It might have a low battery.does  it  say low cell?If the battery's low it will automaticlly power down.Because it is a safety feature on the phone.  There is a way to turn the feature off but, I myself am still trying to figure that out.pleae recharge the battery. also if it happens too often then buy a new battery as the old one seems to be not strong enoughYour phone is turning off by itself most likely because Nextel phones have below average battery standby time. In other words it has to do with the battery and the operating system for the phone. My suggest would be to get with another cell phone company if the phone has given you too many problems.I would say the battery also.  Also I'm not sure why that person posted that nextel battery standby battery times are bad.  Mine lasts for almost 2 days without being plugged in and charges in less than a half an hour for full power.
What type of lyrics file is it?I'm not sure you can 'insert' lyric files onto an Mp3 unless the lyric files are an Mp3 file unless somebody knows of some existing technology that allows you to do this. I'd be interested in this as well.
Use the Nokia PC-Suite to sync the phone with your computer. You can copy the names to your computer and then import them to excel and print the same.run the soft ware cd and attach your mobile with the USB port first, and it will guide you if you follow the steps after clicking on contacswith my nokia 6230i i got a Cd rom with it and loaded that to my pc and can do most things including backing up names and numbers ! not sure how to print out to hard copy names & numbers though...
It's got something to do with the light frequency I think. the fact that is a camera taping a computer the camera then captures the computers speed of light. But that's just a guess.Its the image refreshing.For some reason it looks this way through a camera, not visible to the human eye. Same thing when i hold up my camera to a computer screen. I don't think LCD screens are this way though (Haven't tried)A CRT (cathode ray tube) TV set works by streaming lines of pixels from top to bottom rapidly in succession. The human eye does not register, however with a camera only picking up 30 frames per second, you end up only seeing certain waves - ending with a strobe or wavy effect. It is the same principle that makes a cars wheels look as if they are not moving when filmed.the real reason why is because the horizontal and vertical scan rates of the PC's monitor is different from that of your TV. I am speaking of the speed at which lines are drawn across the PC monitor's face and the rate at which individual frames are displayed.The frequencies get a little messed up when traveling through different frequencies.It's for the noisesStatick
I would think that is impossible. You might think of putting an outlet outdoors  instead. Would that work?'Without making a hole'...so cutting the glass in anyway is out.. I would suggest drilling a small hole (just big enough for the cord) in the wall right next to the door, at or near floor level. Then after running the cord through, seal both sides of the wall with silicone sealant (to keep moisture and bugs out)
make sure after the dvd is burned that is is closed, otherwise it wont play.  Also make sure the dvd player plays burned dvd'stry it in a PS2There are 5 DVD formats:. DVD-R. DVD+R. DVD+RW. DVD-RW. DVD-RAM. . You need to find out which ones can your DVD play.I think that u should stop trying to get it to play because u could cause damage to the DVD player or if you do try it again try cleaning the CD.Well if you have an dvd player thats a couple years old it won't play burned dvds, you have to get a new dvd player to play the burned dvds, but if you have a ps2 it should play the burned dvd for you.Try cleaning  the DVDUse your DVD recorder to convert the DVD into DVD-video.  I had that problem but when put in this format, the DVD will play in most players.It all depends on which dvd format your dvd player supports.. DVD formats come in atleast 6 forms:. +/- R;. +- RW;. +/- RAM;. . You need to first find out in which form you burned your dvd. DVD media type will give you that answer e.g. it's +RW. Now lookup the manual of your player to find if the format is supported.. . If it's supported then as soon as you put in your DVD in the player the load operation should suceed. You are good to go then.The DVD may or may not play on your player.. . The DVD needs to be in a compatible format that your player can handle, +R, -R,  .,,,,,,,etc.. . Also the DVD needs to be finalized before it can be played on most standalone players.. . Read the manual.Well you have to make sure that your DVD player will play burned CD's anyways you may want to check the book that came with your DVD player and see if it says its a DVD+R/ +R or DVD-R/ -R I know sony puts one out because we just recently bought one to play ours on so you have to check and see if thats what you have if not go to the store and look for the DVD like yours or ask someone who may know there at the store. Hope this works for you and Good luck.NO do not try a ps2 that screwed mine up it won't paly any type of cd or dvd now and barly plays games. and the format of your dvd player and your burned dvd has to be the same there is +R and -R mine is -R and most are that and + & - RW don't work.Put it in and push play!. You have to have a DVD player that plays the format that you burned.if it is burned correctly it should just play. dont burn onto double layered diskes unless you have a dvd player that can play them.Older style DVD players are not able to play (burned or recorded) DVDs check your manual to see your device is capable of playing DVD-R or DVD-RW.You may not be able to. I have a Sony DVD player that won't play burned DVD's. I had to go out and get a little cheap dvd player just to watch my burned movies.make sure when you burned it, it was formatted to play in your specific dvd player.  I've had trouble setting dvd's up myself, mainly because of the finalizing step.You may have to upgrade your DVD player. Not all players will accept burned dvds. Usually the lower end (priced) models won't.not all DVD players are compatible with burned dvd, you are probably going to have to try to get a new playerIt depends on your DVD player and what kind of media your burned on. Some players can play DVD+R (I believe this is a Panasonic standard.) and some others play DVD-R and some play both. So try and see which one is supported by your player.It all depends on your particular DVD burner and player.  Read the manual for your DVD player to find out if the format in which you burned the DVD is readable by the DVD player.  ( DVD+R, DVD+RW, DVD-RAM, DVD-R, DVD-RW, DVD-ROM)  There are a whole range of burn formats today so break out your reading glasses and get started.  If for some strange reason your DVD player is not compatible with any of the burn formats of you DVD burner, you'll have to replace one of the two (preferably the cheaper one) and find a compatible mate.. . The source page I've listed describes in so much more detail for you.  Good Luck!try putting it in if your DVD Player ripped it right it should work,  try dvdshrink it is a great program for backing up DVDs
At wap.free-ringtones.ie and www.polyphonicringtonez.com/wapThe easiest way is to make them on your computer using mp3 files (if your phone supports it) and either use bluetooth or a data cable to  put them on the phone. I do it all the time with my phone.. . *Don't ever sign up for any of those websites saying free ringtones, they sign you up for expensive subscription services*
wifi is a long distance wireless internet. PSP enables you to use most wifi spots and surf the net on your PSP (it was one of the main reasons I bought it) you have to configure your psp to accept whatever wifi spot you're using. what's really cool is when you're driving and can find a wifi "hotspot", you can access google or mapquest and use your psp like a GPS unit. pretty cool.wireless internet, u need it for the web browser and infrastructure multiplayer gamesLet's you surf the web on your psp if there is a wireless connection available.wireless InternetIt's a wireless internet adaptor. Some psp's have it so you can connect to internet.Wi-fi stands for wireless fidelity. It is basically requires an access point that transmits signals wirelessly; therefore, it can send the internet through the air to your psp which places the data on screen. Cons include limited range and speed.
If you want, I could scan the page from my manual and email it to you.  IM me on yahoo if you'd like.I have an older , I mean really older Kirby, and on mine on the top of the vacuum head is a latch, flip it open and take the head off.  Put the new belt over the roller and put the head back on.  That same latch you flipped, flip it again and it will catch the belt and slide it into place.  Took me several attempts to do this.
Hard-drive players have a hard drive similar to your computers: a spinning disk stores information on it and is read back it spins past a reader. A flash drive is much simpler: it's a solid-state memory that doesnt have moving parts. Nothing in it moves, so its less likely to break. But flash drive players usually have smaller capacities, but they also don't skip regardless of how much you shake it.Flash = memory . . Hard Disk = Hard Drivea flash can be taken out but has less memory while a hard-disk can not be removed but has more memory
it is superb, . trust me ive tried it its every one dream foneits a very good phone. i like all the features in it. its very good and fast. i used its very good no problem at all. and i must say its a dream come true with that phone. enjoy
First the quality of the song to has the 192 kbps to get max sound and quality. But the standard rate is 128 kbps so you might have a lower rate of your songs.the place where you can put the year phones you can attach some speakers i suggest you to get some really nice speakers for that...Get some really nice speakers.YES OFCOURSE.BUY AN AMPLIFYER AND REALY GOOD SPEAKERS AND YOU WILL GET ALL WHAT YOU WANT FROM IT AND ANY OTHER MACHINE THAT YOU MAY HAVE.you can attach more speakers to it that will improve the sound quality..
You need a special cable to connect it (if your phone has the capability). You must ask your phone vendor to get you the appropriate one.If you have a Bluetooth enabled laptop or desktop with a modem, using the dial-up service from your handheld can be easier than sharing an internet connection. One example: you're in a hotel room and want to use your Pocket PC, not the laptop, to connect to the internet. But you don't have a Bluetooth modem. With little configuration you can have use your laptop's modem plugged into the phone line and dial-up to your ISP via Bluetooth from your Pocket PC or Palm OS handheld. This way you can have an Internet connection on demand, from another point in your room without having a cord or without having to have your computer always connected to the internet.. . In this article we show how to configure and use your Bluetooth enabled laptop to connect to the internet from your HP iPAQ Pocket PC with Windows Mobile 2003. This guide suits any Bluetooth model from the h19xx, h22xx, h39xx, h54xx and h55xx series running Windows Mobile 2003. It is also suitable as a guide for other handhelds like Palm OS devices.. . In this guide I've used a Dell laptop with two modems: the internal modem and a Vodafone Mobile Connect Card. The Vodafone MCC is a GSM/GPRS PC Card that can be used as a modem too, making this the ultimate wireless connection - connecting to the GPRS network without any cables and without a mobile phone . The instructions will of course work with any card or modem.. . The laptop was equipped with a Bluetake Bluetooth USB 2.0 Pen Drive (read our review) and drivers Widcomm 1.4.2.10, but the dial-up services is available for use with drivers 1.2 and up. We assume the Pocket PC and computer are already paired. If not, during the procedure a dialog will pop up and ask for a PIN. Choose a number and enter it in both the Pocket PC and computer when appropriate.YOU NEED THE FACILITY IN YOUR MOBILE FIRST THEN THERE IS A SPECIAL CABLE AVAILABLE FOR CONNECTING THE PHONE WITH INTERNETif you mobile has a blue tooth facility then you can get the vendor to configure net access for your phone and activate your blue tooth on your pc and stay connected.There should be a button on your phone for that, or an icon in your menu tray.You will need a usb cord that comes with the phone if it has that special capability. If you have it and don't have the cord, you can purchase one from your cell phone carrier store or any electronic store. I have the razor everything came in the box with it. Once you get it you will love it.just download  a file from your mobil phone  company carrier and walla you now have internet on your phone  but you must have a phone that is capable to have it !
You need a T-6 screwdriver, but most phones have a seal on them and when it gets broken your warranty is void.  If you don't care about the warranty there should be six screws on the back of the phone under the cover and probably under the battery compartment.I would open up the battery compartment and see if there are any screws, if there are get the right sized screw driver and take the screws out.. . nice phone you havetake a small screew driver and pry on the side of the phone and should openWhy do you want to? if you want to get to the inside of your phone for fun, i would suggest using a large hammer or try crushing it open by standing on it with shoes on. If you want to get to the inside of your phone because there is something wrong with it (needs repairing),then i would suggest phoning the Nokia customer support line up or taking it to where you bought it and either ask them to repair it or if you could exchange it for a better working one (you would need the receipt and the guarantee of course) if you dont have the receipt then go buy a new phone.this shows are not technical .please take it to a repair centre.you are most likely to cause harm to the phone.do you  know that phones can be damaged by static charge from our handsSLAM IT ON THE GROUND, IT WILL OPEN THAT WAYUse a screw driver.
I agree with Johnno.  You've probably already checked it, but it could also be as simple as having a dusty DVD or dust inside the DVD tray compartment (interfering with the laser).Oversampling-- Cheaper CD players have a lower oversampling rate that come with them.  That is to say the rate the CD readers reads the image on the CD while it is turning.   Also, check what type of CD's  are better to play on your player before you burn any more.
DID YOU GET SOFTWARE WITH THE PHONE BECAUSE THATS THE ONLY WAY I SEE IT POSSIBLE TO TRANSFER NOT UNLESS IT CAN BE USED AS A PORTABLE  DEVICE LIKE A MP3 PLAYER SORRY I CANT HELP MORE. . REFER TO YOUR HANDBOOKgo to ares, limewire or whatever music download thing u have. right click the music  want to download into your phone and click open external. then go to synce and   have your usb cable in the connected then. put ur your ringtone choice is in the synce list.Your phone does not support MP3's there for you will need to dowload .wav files. The phone will only support these types of files..(.wav)you can do this with a few differant programs.  one is called "handset manager" http://www.yesofcourse.com/index.asp?PageAction=VIEWPROD&ProdID=3446. I use this program all the time it lets you edit and save your contact, wallpapers, ringtones....It's really worth the 35 bucks.. if you need some more info you can call the website.. those guys are always helpful.
well, sounds like your using a two channel receiver and want to hook the 4 speakers to it? Don't know if that will work, you could hook two speakers to each channel, but that might be too much load for the amp in the receiver, basically it sounds like you might just want to hook up one speaker to each channel, or possibly buy, trade or barter for a 5.1 receiver.Ditto to what JSV said.. . That horizontal one with the shorter stand is your center channel and is meant to stand in front of your TV and below it.. When shopping for a 5.1 receiver, either Denon or Sony will give you the most "bang for your buck."  The Denon is of slightly higher quality.. . Also, to complete the experience, you'll want a small "powered subwoofer."  It has a built-in amplifier and will plug into an RCA jack on the back of the receiver.... conveniently labelled "SUBWOOFER.". . If you came here just looking for a quick fix to attach those 5 speakers to your stereo output.... sorry, there isn't one.   I could go into great detail about impedance and series vs. parallel and all that, but you'd probably just blow up the amp by overloading the output.. . Hope this helps,. ChrisIt sounds like you have surround speakers (two front, two rear and a center). Unfortunately you have to have an out put for each speaker to have it work properly. I would look into getting a new receiver that is 5.1 surround capable. make sure that the wattage that a new one puts out is equivalent or more than what your speakers are all together.You need to by a set of jack leads. plug them into the external output on the back of the stereo system. plug the other end into the cinama system red to red and white to white if you plug them to the opposite it can blow up...HI .  CONNECT TO THE AUX ,IT'S THE AUDIO INPUT TO YOUR . RECEIVER..  IN THE BACK OF YOU RECEIVER. OR JUST PLUG IN ALL THE INPUT TO YOUR STEREO SET. FROM YOUR HOME SYSTEM, GO TO LINE 1, 2 OR3 ON YOU RECEIVER. OK.  ONE MUST BE WORKING  TO FIND THE CORRECT INPUT..your stereo won't be able to accomodate all of your speakers. to be able to use all 5 better buy an audio/video receiver, the most common ones are 5.1 - 1 for center the horizontal speaker that you have, 2 front speakers and 2 rear speakers the .1 for subwoofer. so you'll have to buy an active subwoofer as well for all the low freq sounds (bass).  until you get an avr you can temporarily use the two front speakers in your stereo system just connect it to left and right speakers check polarity + + and - - also make sure that your speaker can handle the power of the stereo. enjoyupgrade to a denon amp reciever with 6.1 and buy a active subwoofer and a surround back speaker,then your in heavenThough not an ideal setup (being as though it is not a true home theater surround sound system -rather a 5-channel stereo system), you can connect the front two speakers to your stereo amplifier (or receiver) and connect the rear speakers to your (if self-powered) subwoofer, and you're done.. . Make sure you connect all of the positives ("+" or red) with the positives, and connect all the negatives ("-" or black [sometimes white]) with the negatives when you make all of your connections.
follow the directions that come with your blutooth.. -goodness, it was more work to log on and type that question!!!. get a life LAZII might be able to help with that. . Go to settings. select connection. then select bluetooth. then select setup. then select find me while pressing the button on your bluethooth. . That only works if you have if you have your handsfree already set up if you need help with that then email to my name on here at yahoo.Follow this URL:. http://en.pdamobiz.com/en/forum/PDAforum_posts.asp?TID=32&PN=1&TPN=1. You will find detailed information
The "in phase" as to "out of phase" modes in audio has to do with the speaker placement and wiring. If the speakers are facing you, you want them wired in phase. This means both voice coils will move in the same direction at the same time.  On a home stereo (or in a car even) this is hard to tell on FM, but if you go to AM (or any monophonic source) as you move the balance control from one extreme side to the other, the sound should seem to move across the room. If it is loud on the left and then as you move the control to the right, the sound goes down across the center and rises back up at the other end, then they are out of phase.AN EASY WAY TO SEE IF YOUR "IN-PHASE" IS TO PLAY A MONO SOURCE OR IF YOUR STEREO HAS A MONO BUTTON USE THAT.. SIT FRONT AND CENTER...IF THE SOUND SEEMS TO BE COMING FROM DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF YOU (CLOSING YOUR EYES MAY HELP)...EVERY THING IS SET UP CORRECTLY.. IF IT SEEMS LIKE IT'S COMING FROM BOTH SPEAKERS (IT ACTUALLY IS...EVEN MONO) THEN JUST SWITCH THE LEFT/RIGHT CONNECTIONS, EITHER ON THE BACK OF YOUR STEREO OR "ONE" OF THE SPEAKERS...RETEST.. GOOD LUCK!
Try to position the bass module unit in a corner with the port on the unit facing the wall approximately 6 inches away from the wall.  This will be corner loading the woofer that should give you 3-6 db of Bass boost.  Then adjust the bass setting in your 321 console unit to try to tighten up the bass by adjusting down or up.  This should give you noticably better bass response.That is going to be tough. The Bose systems are Bass Modules, not truly Subwoofers. The best bet is to connect an additional external powered subwoofer to the record outputs. Not the best method, but the next best bet.Unfortunately you are not going to get good deep bass response from Bose speakers.  My best advice for you would be to chuck the Bose and get some real speakers.More bass from Bose speakers? That would be relevant if you got any bass from these speakers to begin with.
as the air passes through the vents of the air conditioner the water cools rapidly to make your home or car more comfortable. but because the air is going from humid to cool, the air condensates making the air turn into water. this is then run off to the bottm of the conditioning unit because it is not needed and slows down the cooling process thats why if u have an old air conditioner and the water gets stuck it wont work as efficiently. then it drips off to the ground where anything below can take the water and use it so it is not wasted.Air conditioners cool the air by passing it through a chilled matrix.  When the warm, moist air passes through the chilled metal fins, the moisture in the air condenses on the metal surfaces and drips to the bottom of the unit.  The air entering the interior is both cooler and less humid, which increases the comfort level.  The condensed moisture must go somewhere, so it either drips out the bottom of the unit or drips into a drain hose attached to the unit.In simple terms:  hot air contains moisture (humidity).  The air conditioner removes the moisture from the air and takes it outside.  That's why it's so hot standing outside where the air conditioner is blowing out.  . . The opposite applies in the winter when the air is dry, because then you need to put moisture back into the air with a humidifier.
throw them,,,,,,,u don't need them.....u are on a vacation,now,nah. . jus chilllll outGet a purse.Hi I'm Garry,. . One in each pocket my yahoo friend.. . Simply wishing you the best of luck,. . Garrygive another one to me lolup to you. if they're not too bulky put them in one, if they are then put them in separate ones.Its up to youBalance is the key. One in each hand.
Hi, if you remove the battery you will see the smart card and it just slides right out but be careful with the card don't drop it!!remove your battery and take it out
If it's the dial type, take the number before the needle on each dial.  41655 KWh is the accumulated electric used since the meter was installed.  The difference between the numbers read each month is the amount of electricity you used for that period and thus charged for.revisit your meter and write down that number subtract 41665 from it and you will have the amount of KW you have used between the two readings.
some DVD players have a hole on the bottom corner of the drawer you can use a paper clip to manually open it. if it don't have that you will have to take the top off and retrieve it that way.. pm me yahoo messengerI'm sorry to say but you have to break your dvdget a knife a thin one actually get two and stick then in threw the side and pull open thats what i did beforeyoull have to unscrew and open it up
If your cellphone carrier has the ability to do so, then you should be able to go on to your phone. Go into the gallery and select the picture, then click 'send' or 'send multimedia message' and then find something that says 'send to my online album' or somethign along those lines. And then send away.you can do it through usb connectivity blue tooth connectivity or you can use infraredWell, you can email them and if that is not available, but the data cable that fits your phone. it should cost between $10-$20 and it should connect your phone to a USP port. Just beware that Motorola phones only support computer to phone transfers unless you can download a pirate copy of the iden webjal software. They stop giving it away for some unknown reason. If you can't find it online, check out the local sprint or nextel store, the employees can give you a copy or make the transfere for you.Just select the picture on the phone and email it to yourself.  That's what I do.Most phones these days have txt and email and internet... So take a picture of what you want and go in to your phone and select send pic. when it asks for an address put in your email address! if it doesnt work let me knowYou can do one of 2 things. 1. hook up your phone to the computer by using a cable specified for that or 2. if you have  internet access from your phone, just email the pictures to yourselfGet a PC link cable that is compatible with ur phone. this will also allow u to upload files on ur pc to ur phone (u can make ur favorite audio file ur ringtone).
when in the top right hand side, there are three bars in the thing that looks like a batterywhen the phone is charging, a tiny, green light on the upper right hand corner of the phone is on. if it's done, it's off, and "fully charged" is displayed on the screen even if the phone is off.
You would need some software, e.g. photoshop etc.  It's not easy to do though.you need a program such as Adobe Photoshop.. . But that is really mean, why don't you just throw CUP CAKES at her?
Give your friend a date to pay you back.  If they don't pay, just say that you're going to take them to small claims or something.  Try getting a recorded phone call saying that they broke it.Well since it seems that the friend of the friend is not actually your friend, I'd confront the individual directly without involving your friend.  That way you're not putting your friend in a difficult position.Your friend's friend broke your camera? He/She should pay for it. Tell her direct.Why not talk with her friend directly?. You're putting your friend in an awkward position by making them be the go-between.. I'm assuming her friend broke your camera and is responsible for getting it fixed.  Your beef is with them... not your friend.There are two choices. . 1.  Forget the whole thing, because you value your friendship.  I guess friendship is so valuable that you can't put a price on it. . . 2.  Get the camera fixed on your own, then send the BILL to your friend's friend.    Be sure to keep a copy, so you can file at Small Claims Court.   Your friend does not need to be involved.  Just get the Name, Address and Phone number for the Small Claims Court.   Just don't make your friend be in the middle of this. . . Prices of cameras have gone down.   If your camera is a digital camera, you might look at the Nikon Coolpix, or one of the nice Canon models.    A terrific replacement might be just $250.just be truthfull and tell it like it is
ok the person who posted b4 me sayin ipod is not an MP3 player, they have no clue what they are talkin about because it is, the file that the music is formatted in is MP3, not WMA, or whatever, they are MP3 players, then someone said they it plays AAC, it doesnt because when u DL a song if its not MP3 it is converted into MP3 to fit iTunes and iPod. . but its because ipod has become basically another name for that certain type of playerbecause it is an ipod not an mp3 playerif it was an mp3 player,it would say it on the box.Ipods hold more than music tooit is a mp3 player in somewhat but that is the company name and the logo namebecause ipods play AAC files not MP3s. Apple in its infinite wisdom developed its own file system for the ipod.I don't know why, because both hold music. But iPods are better quality and lots of people like them more than MP3s, so maybe you've just heard that opinion from many iPod fans.
You don't -- until you win the game. At the end of all the credits and stuff it will tell you what percentage of Jiminy's Journal you completed. Sorry, this bugs me too.Ha....exactly.At the end of the game after all the credits roll.Why do you want to know the percentage?(If you want the secret ending go through proud mode and finish the game.If not then ignore me.)
it an acronym that u spelled wrong, should be DVD HDHDDVD (I believe that's what it's called) is High Definition DVD. Instead of the regular movie quality you would get from DVDs, you get a higher quality image, as well as the larger viewing ratio. From what I recall, HDDVD is a product of Toshiba, and is competing with Sony's "Blue Ray" (spelling?) technology for supremacy in the marketplace.
Well, it really depends on how much you are willing to pay for a digital camera and what you need to use it for. For example, if you want to take professional looking pictures you will want a digital camera with more mega pixels but that will cost a lot more. Also, no matter what kind of camera you are looking for you should check to see what the lcd size is, wether or not is has a connector to enable the camera to connect with a tv, if the camera can capture video, and also what kind of memory card the camera requires. Its hard to tell you what YOU should look for because each person's needs are different so you should actually first find out what you would like in a digital camera and then try to find one that matches those needs.Megapixels, zoom capability print quality of photos, shutter speed.hi, you should first take a look at the picture resolution( indicated in megapixels). The more the resolution, the greater the image quality. Next, you should consider the storage capacity(the amount of data that can be stored). It would also be useful to check if the camera has video recording capability(that is if it is not a camcorder). And finally, always check on the price!!
It is dependant on your phones programming language. Check the manufacturer's site and find out the possible formats it can be changed to.PPCSG MP3 Song to Ringtone (XDA)There is a application which allows you to use a song from your computer and convert it to a ringtone. The name of this application is called Xingtone Ringtone Maker it's very useful use Yahoo! Search Engine: Xingtone Ringtone Maker.If your phone and carrier supports it, you can sometimes send an SMS message to yourself with the file as an attachment.  To do this, you need the full email address of your phone, so you may have to ask customer service what format it would be (for example: xxxxxxxxxx@mail.carrier.net).  Then, save the attachment to your phone and make it a ringtone.. . Again, this depends greatly on your phone's capabilities and what the carrier allows.  As far as the ringtone you want to use, your phone must be able to play .mp3 ringtones, or it won't work.it would depend on the type of phone you get. when u purchase the phone, there should be a book that tells you what to do. read that book for help. or if you need more help, call that phone place or the constumer service for assistant.
The region code for Great Britain is Region 2.  I hope this helps you out.google it....
Well you must add those songs to the music library  of the current software of your MP3 player, then choose those ones to import and presto! Songs to go!I tried to do that, but it wouldnt let me.u cant becuz iTunes is strictly for iPod use only. u will have to use the program/cd that came with your mp3 player. all of them come with a cd.
take them down to a fast food place sit them all down (with their backs to the door) tell them you'll get the burgers and just tiptoe out of the door.. failing that put them all in a big bag,put the bag out in the street and put a sign on it saying" don't touch". and you watch how fast they go.. or just sell them on eBay.. or donate them to charity..I use my old vhs tapes to tape TV programmes.throw em in the trash?  LOLebay or good willthrow them away!If they are movies, box em up and send em to me.step one: open window. step two: hold tapes out window. step three: let go of tapesgarbagetake the take out by cutting it out and make streamers, sell them, trash them, give them away, etc. have fun!!!Tear them up and toss em outThere's these people that come to your house about once a week and take your trash.  Give them to them.you throw them away....DUHRecycle bin. They are primarily plastic. Make sure to get a VHS to DVD burner so you can make DVDs of your old tapes.. . Check out:. . http://www.ecoencore.org/donate/shipping/?gclid=CN-mtOWS5YUCFTztJAodFh8CPQdonate them to a group home or shelterSalvation army or Goodwill.sell them. or get the video footage converted onto dvd and recycle the video.You can throw them in the garbage and put them out for the garbage man or you can burn them, they will melt.Sell them on eBay! You might make back the cost of the tapes.do you have a trash can???????????dump them in the garbage...DUHGet money for them at ebayIf they are movies that were purchased...(not taped off the tv or another tape) then see if your library will take them.  If they are ones that you made and no longer need, I think all you can do is toss them.I still have all mine. I have dvd's but I love my vhs tapes. You could give to me? hint, hint. lolsell them at Ebay.If they are x rated, throw them away but if they are regular movie types see about transfering to dvd's. . . I don't know how expensive it would be. Then again, it might not be worth your while. You might be best to just throw them away and forget it.
I have had 2 Kodak's a 3.1 and a 5.1 Mp.. . The first one didn't survive overturning a canoe .. :*( the second one I have had for about 18 months.. never had a problem with either of them.. and the one I currently have is about the best I have seen for price/options was about $220.. totally worth it. I am hooked on digital cams.. never going back to film.. everCanonIf price is no object, go with Nikon. A good camera, that is high in quality, for a fair price, go with Cannon.Nikon & Fuji.... plenty of reviews here:. http://www.steves-digicams.com/hardware_reviews.html. . Nikon have practically always been the professional's first choice for both Film & Digital cameras and lenses.. . Fuji are pretty good.. . Sony are regarded as just paying for a name.You can't go wrong with either Canon, Nikon or Olympus.  These guys have been making cameras for a long time and carry the whole range from beginner to professional.
Well seriously...blind people use the bank too.  Maybe someone drives them there to use it or maybe they walk.  What are they supposed to do just sit at home and do nothing.It is actually cheaper for the manufacturer to make all ATMs with braille than to make different kinds.  It's all about saving a dollar.ATM machines are mass produced.  The hardware on every model is identical.  As a result, brail pads are applied to every machine since the factory doesn't know if it will end up in a drive thru or bolted onto a wall.  The enclosure, not the machine is the only thing different about drive thru and bolted units.HAAHAI would say for the blind.  Obviously they did not drive by themselves.  Banks provide it because if another person has driven them to the ATM,  the blind may want to use the keypads themselves for security reasons so they would not have to depend on the one who can see with their password and/or banking purposes.Drive-up ATM buttons are marked with braille because federal regulations require it.. . Section 4.34.4 of the ADA Accessibility Guidelines for Buildings and Facilities (Appendix to Part 1191, 36 CFR Chapter XI, issued pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990) says, "Instructions and all information for use [of an automated teller machine] shall be made accessible to and independently usable by persons with vision impairments.". . Drive-up ATMs, unlike the walk-up variety, don't need to be wheelchair accessible, but the rules make no exception regarding accessibility by the blind.I have asked this question before and also heard this question a lot, no one has given me an answer. I think we should ask the people who design the atm machines. I wonder if they just make them all the same, so they just have them on them, because the ones in malls do too..????because the manufacturers of the keypads only make one style, so it's cheaper that way, instead of making a separate one just for drive-thrus.. . By the way, damn near any question that begins with "Why...?", the answer is MONEY.
no way but try and see if you jam the crap of the thingYou have to directly rip the CD tracks to the drive.  There's anti-piracy stuff in place that prevents users from copying mp3s directly to the drive.. . I've linked an article about the anti-piracy, and a how-to for ripping CDs.. . Be aware the drive is only 20GB, and can fill up quick if you're actively downloading lots on Xbox Live, so you may be better off streaming your music over your network or playing through an iPod.first you need a disc or mp3 player and a cord that has the same end as you xbox controller ( if you use a mp3 ) and then hook it up to the xbox360 then download it trust me my bother has a xbox 360 so i should knowput a cd in then just hit burn to drive.
Find the photo of the album art on Amazon or the bands/ musicans/ fans website, and right click the song(s) you want this album art on. Select Get Info and paste (right-click, paste) the picture in Artwork section. Press OK.. . Be sure to update the iPod so the pictures are now loaded onto the iPod...You have to find album covers on the internet ( i do it by using google images and typing in the name of the album) then save that image into your pictures. Then right click on the song you want to put the album art on in iTunes  and click on  I"NFO" then a box will show up. So then you go under "artwork" and there will be a box and under that click "add" then open up the image that you saved and there you go. Yea, i know i thought it would be easier than that too.other than going to individual band's websites or to your local radio's website, i haven't found a vault for them or anythingdownload the songs directly from itunesFor my Ipod video, I download pictures from Yahoo or any search engine you like, save it on your computer, then cut and paste into itunes with the correct song.  The size of the picture does not matter, but I recommend pictures about 200 x 200 or a little more, nothing 1280 x 1024.  (and I think you could put pictures on multiple songs, same artist of course)it only has album art if you bought it, not if it is from a CD
yes just tansfer the saved file u want to the memory card. then put it into another persons 360 and upload the stuff on the card . then when the game starts just load ur saved filebuy a memory card and then just save and walk/drive it over to the other xbox 360...that easy :)
You can't unless you have a verizon phone MADE to be tracked.. . E-911 phone can be tracked Law Enforcement onlystop stalking people... it not niceMy step-dad was psycho and tracked mine.....it was through Cingular. But he also had connections, and moneyThe only phone that can currently be tracked it the LG Migo. This is a child's phone. It allows parents to keep track of their kids through the GPS on the phone and requires an extra monthly subscription.
dial the first number, press the flash button, and then dial the second number. If you press the FLASH button again, then all three people will be on at the same time1st make sure you have it on you phone and then when your talking to some one hit the flash button it should beep 2 times then dial the # when it rings and they answer just hit flash again and will connect all 3 of youWhile your talking to someone press phone or talk,and then dial the other persons number,when u hear it ring press te talk button again,and there you go. =]call someone once they answer hit flash the dial the other person number then once that person pick up hit flash again, then you will all be on one line hence 3 way call.not all phones have it, but if you push the flash button, dial the number, then push it again, you will be talking to three people!This is called a "Conference Call", you may contact your service provider for activation and usage information. It simply depends on every network!. Good Luck!The way we use to do it was to make your first call, then hang up quickly till you hear another dial tone, then dial the second number.  Then hang up quuickly again until you're back to the first person.call the person...then after they answer..and u talk to them...hit flash dial the other persons number...then flash again.... . make sure you tell the first person so they dont think you hung up on them lolDepends if your phone service offers 3-way calling or not. Generally, you use the FLASH button to do 3-way calling.U CALL A PERSON THEN FLASH TO ANOTHER LINE IN AS IT IS RINGIN CLICK BACK OVER N IT SHOULD STILL RING I LUVED 3 WAYIN ALL MY FRIENDS IT WAS SO FUN WE HAD LIKE 5 OR 6 PEOPLE ON ONCE IT WAS SO FUN. HAVE A GREAT DAYit depends if u have dat kinda service then if u do call a person or if some1 calls u then press flash then dial the # and once it starts ringing press flash again and there u go ur connectedcall one. put him on hold. call two. then goto options and merger calls. Or some cell phones allow you to keep calling the numbers after choosing conference call option.For the purposes of this-- you are party "1".. . If you are starting the call (1-2-3), or if you are connecting party 2 to party 3 (2-1-3), it's still the same.. . In the first case, you call party 2, ask them to hold while you connect with party 3, and use the "flash" or "hold" button on your phone to put them on hold.  You dial the call to party 3.  When you have them on the line, simply push the "flash" button again.  Now all three of you can talk.. . In the second version, you are already on the line with party 2.  You simply use the procedure the same way as above to involve party 3.. . In some regions, you can use the other parties' call-conferencing to establish a long chain of participants in a big conference call -- check with your phone company.  Not sure of how long the chain can be-- but the other parties put you on hold while they establish connections with their third party.  Even if your region is limited to a closed/extended 3 party connection, parties 2 and 3 should be able to connect with their third line, resulting in a 5-way conference. Of course, all the parties involved in the call have to have the service (it's not usually free)-- but you knew that. :). . Hope this helped!A What?
zip them when ur not using them?Or download and use a gp converter I have one but deleted it but it works.mp4 files are not compatible to be archived or zipped while playing. If zipped u have to unzip it every time u want to play it in this way it takes lots more space then it took first I would recommend u to download a real player from net and then a mp4 to rm converter.. u can get it by searching in yahoo.The rm format has less kbs so it takes less space.
It means that the phone can operate at 2 different frequencies.  Useful for travelling to different countries as some countries use different frequencies to transmit on.Personal Communications Service, or PCS, is the name for the 1900-MHz radio band used for digital mobile phone services in Canada and the United States. . . CDMA, GSM, and D-AMPS systems can all be used on PCS frequencies. . . The FCC, as well as Industry Canada, set aside the frequency band of 1850-1990 MHz for mobile phone use in 1994, as the original cellular phone band at 824-849 MHz was becoming overcrowded. . . To answer your question, a dual band phone works in two different frequency bands.  for example, dual-band GSM phones are capable of working in both the 800- and 1900-MHz bands, although they are incompatible with 900- and 1800-MHz European and Asian systems. However, GSM "world phones" (some of which are known as "tri-band" or "quad-band" phones, because they operate in three or four different frequency bands, respectively) offered by American carriers support both European and domestic frequencies. Outside the USA PCS is used to refer to GSM-1900.Dual band is 2 frequencies, Voadafone and O2 use one and orange and tmobile use another. Most companies worldwide operate 800 and 1800mhz. these are the 2 bands. there are 2 more bands which are used in america and some parts of asia. generally you need to know which frequency the country is using to make sure your phone works there. In the Uk there will be no probs as all netwroks work on one or the other so you can use whichever sim you like. This is a phone function and des not affect your sim in any way. hope this helpsTake a quadband phone and break it into 2 halves....Voila!!!!Does it have anything to do with Banjo's?, or the Devil?In CDMA phones ex. ( Sprint and Verizon ) there are 2 Bands just like any other wireless transmission type, Analog and Digital.  Within those to Bands there are 3 cellular frequencies also known as Modes.  800 MHz Analog, 800 MHz Digital, 1900 MHz Digital.  So with that you come up with the terminology for most Sprint and Verizon cell phones which is Dual Band Tri Mode, meanint the phone will work on all types of cellular tower currently avaliable.  Analog of course being the oldest and least reliable to 1900 MHz Digital which is the current most used technology.dual band means it does analog and digital on an automatic settingWorks for both analog and digital signalling.Dualband can work in some places abroad as well as the UK. It's not as simple as dialing the UK direct from abroad - you have to dial another number to get permission to phone.. . You can aslo get Triband which works in most places.  You can phone direct with a triband.. . No doubt someone will tell you in more technical terms that I have, but that is the gist of it.. . :-)Dualband is used to refer to mobile phones that can receive and transmit on two different frequency bands.  This is especially useful for taking your phone abroad, as the phone is more likely to be able to access the local mobile network while you're there (different countries tend to use different bands).  This can be compared with triband phones, that can operate on three bands.
You need a dvd burner, they are about $150 at best buy. Doing it on your computer will also require a burner as well, if that is you want to play them back on your tvYes, you can buy a DVD recorder from an electronics store, such as BestBuy. Avg. cost these days is just above $100. Hook it up with your Dish DVR, and then record shows like a VCR. I have been doing just that.You can get a dvd-recorder appliance.  The problem with that solution is that you need to play out the show in real-time and record onto the dvd-recorder.  So, a 2 hour show will take 2 hours to transfer (ignoring the actual burning time).  But that's one of the easiest and least complicated solution.. . The way I like to transfer programs is to copy the actual files.  It requires a bit more effort, but overall takes less time.  My DVR is the model 625 which stores the programs in a linux-compatible format on the hard drive.  My steps are:. 1) power off the DVR and connect an IDE-to-USB converter to. the hard-drive (inside the DVR).. 2) connect the USB to my laptop (running Windows XP). 3) run a program like PVRExplorer to transfer the desired file (each program is stored in its own filename). 4) disconnect the converter and restore the DVR (I usually only remove the programs from the DVR *after* I've made DVD's out of them).. 5) Burn the DVD -- for this step, I usually use:.   5a) VideoRedo to edit/strip/de-commercialize the mpg file.   5b) DVDLab to generate a DVD-compatible output with menus,.         subtitles, etc....   5c) Nero to burn the DVD.. . I can usually pull a 2 hour program off the DVR in about 5 minutes.  Building and burning the DVD depends on how anal I feel -- usually 20min to an hour.
BEST BUY SELLS THEM TOO. JUST ASK SOMEONE IN THE TV SECTION AND THEY'LL SHOW YOU WHAT YOU NEED.go to radioshack. sku 150-1238 its twenty bucks but will give you what you want. it switches the signal form an s video to an rcabuy a converter radio shack might have it or circuit city
You can't restore it, but you can still view all the call. Go to Call Lognot possible...
did it ever?. its a premium channel...u gotta pay $$ to get itI don't know about you but my TV guide channel is on channel 11. It used to be on 3 like 2 years ago.as part of an initiative to get people to stop watching tv they no longer have tv guides.  You now have to guess when things are on.  They are also randomly putting shows on.  They are no longer on at the same time every week.i have cable and it shows tv on top and shows on the bottemI'm watching it now. The TV guide channel is how it always was. Maybe it is something to do with your area?Werid I still have it, Its on channel 5 for the district of Toronto anyway.  But i have rogers cable its awesome u get to watch movie channels wit lots of movies! :P so all I have to click on my remote is guide! lolThey've changed thier format. It more like E! now.. . Digitial cable has made that scrolling thing obscolete.Call your local cable company and ask them. My mom still gets it and she has cable.Could have happened in your area. Is OK here in SW VA.  You should try calling your cable provider.  And it is on basic - broadcast package here, not premium.Ohh goodness. I haven't looked for the TV guide channel in sooooolong....like 4-5 years or more.  I think it is because of the digital cable thing going on....but here is their website. . http://online.tvguide.com/listings/?NRMODE=Published&NRNODEGUID={723E490E-2074-4312-BA4D-EA15BB2FF788}&NRORIGINALURL=%2Flistings%2F&NRCACHEHINT=Guest. . maybe you can find the channel here for your areai still have tv guide channel. and no its not a premium channel, it usually comes standard with basic cable. i dnt knw what channel itd b on where you liv but for me its 95.
With the cable (wire) goes into the satellite box, then another wire goes out and into the VCR "in" connection, then a wire goes out and "in" to your tv. Make sure that both tv and vcr channel buttons are on same channel example channel 03 or 04. Try to record for a few minutes to see if it works, if not then check wiring or channel.i did on Direct TVNo conversion is necessary to record a digital signal on an analog VCR. Just tape it.buy a digital set-top box and connect it to your t.v.
I think that the aforementioned university lecture was trying to put across a point about types of electrical loads. If you were to connect a great big capacitor across the live and neutral wires (DON'T TRY IT!!), you can put a heavy load on the supply, but the power consumption registered on the meter will be zero.. . Why? Because when you apply a mains voltage signal to a capacitor, current and voltage are exactly 90 degrees out of phase, and so the power factor (cosine of 90 degrees) is zero - a purely reactive load. Most appliances have to be designed to have a power factor as close to 1 as possible (purely resistive load), so that the electricity suppliers don't get irate.Its illegal, but can be done. I was told during uni by a lecturer that if a large enough capacitor was placed in between the live and netrual terminals of a plug, then the meter would run slowly. *NOTE i am not endorsing breaking the law, neither am i certain it would ever work and besides, ive no idea of the values involved. You'd need a big brain, some electrical knowlege and a calculator for certain!yes there is a way to do it so it looks like no tempering was doneI done it a couple of times. but it is not worth the conciquences to slow it down   but it is highly ilegal and could get you 20 years or more and a $50,000 find or both if caught.  so I will not even go there. if you are still thinking that get that out of your head!Use less powerturn off all electrical things in housetie a brick to itIf it is electronic , it might be difficult.. . But you can always install a "shunt" so current bypasses the meter, and the meter either stops runningorruns very slowly.It is illegal though, and dangerous as well. Never did it.. . Why not try to use less electricity, makesure that thereare no leaks, Use CFL , flourescent tubes, instead of bulbs, not leave gadgets ( Even your mobile charger) running unnecessarily , especially switch off TV rather than just pressing the power button on the remote.stick a magnet to the glass...use all the things are energy saving, babe!Turn off your computerSpeed up time.Switch off the tv properly rather than leaving on standby. Switch off computer screen rather than just computer. Change to energy saving lightbulbs.Any attempt at trying to "Slow" down an electric meter - physically is called tampering and you can be prosecuted for it.  . . Try some conservation methods to reduce your electricity bill.  Turn off the TV when no one is watching.  Switch from electric stove/ranges to propane.  Try limit the use of "element" items like clothes dryers, blow dryers etc.  All this assuming that you have a current problem with your bill.. . You can do something about it, without doing something illegal.  Good Luck.Turn off as many electric appliances as you can - DUMBOThere is a way but, as it's illegal, I'm not allowed to let you know.
You can't send or recieve messages if you don't have an active web browser. If you have bluetooth you can send and recieve ringtones through that if the ringtone is not copyright protected(all the ringtones you buy from the carrier are copyright protected).If you don't have bluetooth you can send them through MMS if they are not copyright protected.You can get ringtones from various websites just by sending a simple SMS with the ringtone code available on the website. But before you do that just check to see if your service provider and your instrument is able to support the ringtone download. You will basically be chared a nominal rate for each SMS and a low fee for your ringtone. you dont need Web browser on your phone to do so..
use the dock. It should come with ityou must have got a cord with the walkman if not go get one with the help of that you can charge it...You can try visiting either the store you got it from or a store like Circuit City. They should be able to tell you or show you some type of adapter for it.Sony Network Walkmans don't carry rechargeable battery you have to buy AAA Batteries.
Call either the BBB or your local inventor assoc. or go to the library & find out what you need.You need to have a lawyer investigate, for other patents on whatever item you are trying to patent.. And then have them draw up a contract and submit it to the gov on patenting things..Just make sure that your item is the only one of its kind or is a little different  so u can patent it!They say if you want a cheap version of a patent mail it to yourself.  That way it's stamped and sealed by the government.  Although how legally binding it is I don't know, but if you do that just make sure to keep the envelope sealed.
Press the unmute or select key...hold the # keyWhen you mute the phone, the right  top silver button comes up as a unmute on the LCD screen. Just tried it!
It is a liquid metal polish, it comes in a red, white and blue can. It is very popular with the military for polsihing their brass. You can find it at most hardware and variety stores.silver/metal polish - grocery store
digital cam has mem card,while the ordinary ones uses a filmA camera uses film. A digital camera uses memory. they get stored on your compuer by attaching the digital camera to the computer. With a conventional camera,  you have the film developed.A regular  camera uses light to imprint an image on chemically treated film, which later needs to be developed in a photo-lab in order for you to be able to see the image.. . A digital camera captures images and converts them into electronic data which is then processed by a computer chip built itno the camera and interpreted into a picture that we can see. These pictures can later be printed out in the same manner as regular pictures.A usual camera uses film. A digital camera doesn't use film to capture pictures, it uses a CCD sensor, also the picture is stored on a memory card and can be downloaded on to a PC or printed on paper.Quite simply, a digital camera give you the ability to transfer pictures from the camera, to your computer. There is no need to take the camera anywhere to get your pictures. A regular camera you of course have to take to your local store to get prints of.A conventional camera uses film, treated with photosensitive chemicals to store the image. When you click the shutter button, light goes in through the lens and hits the film, thereby inducing a chemical reaction, and the chemicals react according to the light intensity. The film needs to be again treated chemically to remove the photosensitiveness (commonly known as "developing") and give the shot permanency. In digital cameras, a film is replaced with a photo-sensitive sensor, which records the image into a memory similar to computers. In certain cameras, the conventional shutter is replaced by an electronic shutter, meaning that the sensor is activated for a moment rather than keeping it ever active and opening the shutter to allow light through it. The digital image is then transfered to a storage device on the camera or directly on to a computer.
connect your web camera to USB port then start your computer. download drivers from CD came with camera. log on to messenger and click invite to see my web cam.it will start workingwell, first buy one..duh. Then you PLUG it in. Then you use it. Happy now?Well in that model I don`t think you have a web cam. But if you do you might have to set it to a different mode.
The name of the software you need is called Motorola Mobile Phone Tools.  You can get it from Motorola or just about any store on the Web (if you haven't called Motorola already) it will let you not only transfer your music but your pictures and more.  By the way, you can call Motorola at: 1-866-289-6686free site www.zedge.net just login free. or www.mobile9.comthey usually have their own software to do this. if there isn't, call up motorola to confirm or check out their website. they usually have downloads for you.
You could put them on the memory stick if your computer has a card reader.Go to Best Buy there is a program that they sell that you install onto your computer that makes it a snap, and its only about $15.00 i got one for my son and we are constantly putting songs on his psp.  Also this program will convert them for you.  Make sure you are using mp3 songs.
As already mentioned, assuming you have not already fried your TV by trying to use it abroad, you will need to buy a transformer to convert the electric from British standard to American standard.  Britain uses 240V which is around double US standards, and the cycle rate is 50Hz rather than 60Hz.If your attempts to use it have not fried a circuit in the TV, then you can buy a voltage converter to convert power from your wall to American spec power, and your TV will work fineU have to get a transformer.  When I lived in Germany, we had to have a transformer for all our electronics, radio, TV, stereo equipment.  They sell them both here in the US or over there in England.  They are very common around a military installation as many US citizens don't realize they need them till they get overseas.
don't do it . if you mess up the lcd its a whole other 100$ out your pockets. The lcd is very easily broken like thatYou should try to find the one you want first. Maybe they can show you how to remove the plate without breaking it at the place where you buy them.
Roaming means that you're outside your provider's range of coverage.  You're using another network's signal, so you must pay extra for it.you have a local calling area or home network on your mobile and if you cross that area, you fall into another jurisdiction (it could be another state or another country) of another service provider or the same provider and you will be roaming. To use services here, you will have to pay extra charges for receiving and calling.
well, i bet you should change your e-mail adressRead the freakin manual, you can quit anytimeIf it is indeed a yahoo newsgroup, log in to the Groups section on the yahoo homepage.  Under My Groups, click the name of the group you want to be removed from.  At the top of the page, click Edit Membership.  Now at the bottom right of the page, click Leave Group.  Click Leave Group again.  And that's it! Good luck.Go to your Yahoo! Group and click on setting. There! Take it from there, =)1. unsubscribe. 2. write an email 2 webmaster of this groupcancel itgo to the groups home page and click leave the group and it will take you off the list.go to groups.yahoo.com, go into the group and change your settings to not recieve emailleave the group. if u dont know how to leave the group go to edit membership then click leave group in the endcheck them in your inbox then go to the button that says spam click that one. it sould auto. make it go to your bulk folderyup....he is right......u can quit anytime
I'm not sure what carrier you use, but with Verizon, you have to insert the MP3 card in the phone. It should automatically ask you if you want to format the card, click yes. Once the card has been formatted, insert the card into a scan disk reader (usually around $20 at staples) insert the reader into your computer and drag your music files into the card reader. After you have put your music on there, you just have to reinsert the card into the phone and use the front buttons on your phone to navigate to which song you want to play.Congrats...nice phone.. . I have a Virgin Mobile Slider Sonic, and I plug my USB cable into the computer and just drag what i want to it. Mind you, that you are using a transflash or a Micro SD card, you can put whatever you want on the card, it might not (or in most cases, will not) show up on the phone.... . Your phone comes with a USB cable that hooks to your phone. while it's hooked up, your phone is off and in file transfer mode. Most likely, you need to be running Windows XP on your comp to use it, but once you get the hang of it, you'll be able to do cool things with it. (I think you can send people songs from your phone, but read the manual to be sure!). . By the way, be careful with your card, and try not to remove it from the phone too much if you don't need to. If you have to transfer it to a card reader, be careful, because Micro SD cards are VERY sensitive.. . Enjoy, and I hope this helps alittle.Well first it depends upon the kind of phone you have. I have a Sony Erricsson W600 and to put songs into the phone, all you have to do is just drag and drop music files from your computer into phone. After you plug the usb cable into the phone and attach the other end to teh computer, just copy all your music files into the removable section of the computer, which is named Sony Erricson.. Then listen!I do not know which carrier/make/model you own. But I would suggest looking through the owners manual or calling corporate. They both should be able to help.
I had the same thing once. I removed the battery, and let it dry overnight. It was ok afterwords.Find the model for your cell phone, and try to find a troubleshooting website for it.  I don't want to be a downer, but you most likely screwed. . .  but you could call your provider and they could give you some advice also  ..... but when do eventually tell your mom about what happened, make sure to add that you will take 'full responsibility' for what happened.. . Second idea train:  Tell your mom what happened, BUT if you don't have the monthly insurance on your phone, call your providor and add it now, then wait a week and then say it broke.  I have Cingular, and my damage plan covers even if it's stolen or I mess it up, but when I was with TMobile, their plan didn't cover theft .. .Save up and buy another one.take it off the charger first. get some keyboard/computer spray (preferably nitrogen-based), take the cover off, then CAREFULLY take the battery out and set it aside. . spray all of the contacts. next, do the same thing to the battery. take the keypad out (if you can) and spray it and the buttons underneath. Let it dry for an hour or two and then wipe it all off with a towel. put everything back together and then see if it works. If you need more help, email me (ht9150@yahoo.com)throw it out the window works great 4 throwingu bout the dumbest female on here u know that??!!First try to dry it out again; take out the battery and let that dry separte from the rest of the phone for about a day.  They try again to turn it on.  If that doesn't work then go to the store where you got it and tell them, they might give you a new one or tell you you need to buy a new battery.  GOOD LUCK! luv~carlyI used blow-dryer on mine and it worked afterwards.take it to the store where you got it from. they will help you out.to me it sounds like, as if the battery went out because of the pop. all u have to do is buy a new battery but just be more careful where u put ur cellphone.buy the same brand and then put everything you had on the other one.........mabie it will work then your mom will never notice.you probably need to get a new battery but I would check with the store you bought it from.Tell your mum it was an accident and let her buy you another one, that cant ressurrect!
WOW! have you tried the cleaning solution use for them? . . DO NOT use any chemicals!!! that will destroy the anti-reflective coating.with a hammerBeen there, done that, eye glass cleaner does the trick.  Make sure to use a lent free cloth.  Alcohol works well toohttp://www.crayola.com/canwehelp/staintips/action_tip.cfm?action=find&prod_id=908&surf=8. . . i looked it up nad this huy said he used wd40 and it removed the crayon and left no mark on the screenUse a warm, dry, cloth gently on the screen.  Make sure the cloth is soft, so it will not leave microscrathes.Yikes!  My best guess would be Mr. Clean Magic Eraser.  That thing performs miracles!Try not to use any solution to clean the glass. Especially anything with ammonia. Locate a microfiber cloth from a camera store and use that to clean the glass. Some screens have coatings that can be worn off with abrasive or chemical cleaners.call the company & ask them what would be the best way to do that.from experience u cannot get it off maybe u can try glass cleaner it might work mine didn't had to get a new one good thing for warrantyThe front of the Plasma panel has a filter, usually made of some sort of glass, with a coating.  I recommend you use soapy water, a rag, and a little elbow grease. . WARNING: Do not use windex on the panelYou really should call this one in.  If you follow one of the suggestions here and get it wrong, you'll be buying a new plasma TV.You had better be rich.  If you have a two year old and a plasma TV, you are either unresponsible with money or loaded.I believe the screen is still covered in glass, so test a little soap and water on it, careful not to let it run down into the bottom seam.
There are DVD cleaning clothes I believe, they have a weakened amonia or alcohol type cleanser.  Don't try and make it yourself, just buy them they aren't that expensive.  I would say clean them when the are noticeably dirty, or appear they might need a cleaning.def use a cd/dvd cleaner kit as these generally will also repair any scratches !!! (awsome)You can only minimise crashes by taking good care of your equipment. It can never be eliminated in Toto. Viruses, moist environment, shocks because of physical movement of the equipment and usual wear and tear because of the usage of the equipment are some of the most common causes of crashes. Other than the normal wear and tear you can always minimise the other associated causes.. Cleaning of DVD player also depends upon your usage and the amount dust in the environment/enclosure/place where you run your equipment. Normally, cleaning once a month would suffice. . Note: if you are not using good equipment to clean you DVD Player it may damage you DVD lens.There's a thing called disc doctor - it works WONDERS!first of u should seldom clean ur dvd as cleaning causes more damage than good . but if u want to clean it for better picture quality take a piece of dry cloth and rub it smoothly on your dvd . P.S-DO NOT RUB IT IN CIRCULAR MANNER IT WILL CAUSE MORE SRATCHES RUB IT in a straight line or linerarlykitI just use a clean paper towel and rubbing alcohol. seems to work for meglomail has this thing call CD mirricle. it takes straches out and has a spray with it.. . Or you can use a lens(glasses) cloth. Clean it weekly Id sayyou can use a sheet of tissue paper to clean itfrom center to outside edge like bicycle spokes never do circle monitionsSandpaper or a wire brush, they will shine like new!
My tivo was doing this when we first got it. The problem was that it has a feature where it automatically records tivo suggestions. Once I turned off that feature it stopped. This may not be your problem but I hope it helps.just trash it and get cable dvr much better solution
Voicemail records incoming calls on a harddrive.  A series of menu prompts allows you to listen to, forward, and erase the messages.hmm which voicemail?  usually press star and enter password is pretty simple.if a phone is assigned a voicemail then when a call comes to that number and if left unanswered ( a timer is assigned by network so that network won't get congested during peak hours) or is turned off it will automatically route the call to the assigned voicemail box and store recorded messages. now your assigned voicemail number will be used to retrieve that voicemail so when you dial that number the network will push the call to the voicemail box and for security reasons you are asked to input your passwd from there on your call is now connected to the voicemail box either to retrive or customize your settings. hope this helps
There it is: You got it at Walmart. Walmart doesn't sell high quality things.Its probably caused by the cofee you are using. If you want real strong coffee, use more or try colombian cofee. Its usually really strong.A four cup coffee maker is meant to make coffee fast.  Since the flow of water is, in general, faster in a four cup than say a ten or 12 cup maker, not as much flavor is being extracted from the grounds.  I have a four cup coffee maker, and I love it for the quick cup in the morning, but I do use about double the recommended amount of coffee.You just probably need to add more coffee.Add more coffee!
Using the part number, look up the datasheet for the device from a manufacturer's website.Just by looking at a transistor, you can't tell very much.You have to look at the package which tells you the type of transistor it is, PNP,or NPN,and also which leads are the emitter, collector, and base.If there is no package, then you have to look up in a transistor/semiconductor manuel under the transistor number to get the desired information.there is another way actually(if u don't find it in the datasheet). :use an ohmeter and put the ohmeter's wires on the emitter and collector, then put your finger so it touches both the emitter and the base ,your ohmeter should deviate slightly,that means that that really is the emitter, if not the other one is if it makes the meter deviate.
AC-3 is the cinema acronym for dolby digital. its what dolby digital was called b4 dolby digital.. DTS is just the competition. i like DTS better but its very opinionated.same axact thing like diffrant compeditersthe short of it is that AC-3 is another name for Dolby Digital... and Dolby Digital and DTS are main competitors in multichannel theatrical audio.  these 2 codecs are used for dvd's as well... though on dvd's, DTS has the advantage since it has a higher bitrate (768-1536 kbit/s overall).  AC-3 however, is also interleaved with the video and control bitstreams in other purely digital media which makes it suitable for bandwidth-limited applications.
This adapter is used to make the memory stick duo compatible with products that use the 'memory stick'. for example you have a card reader which can read only 'memory stick' but not 'memory stick duo' so you just put your 'memory stick duo' in the adapter and put it in the card reader and the adapter will fit in the place of the 'memory stick' and it will be recognized.not clear about the description but i think what u r talking about is the device that is used to transfer the data from the memory stick to the PC without the phone. see if there is a USB connector for the device if so it can be connected to the computer to transfer data to and from the stick. hope this helps...
install the driver for that model bluetooth adaptor, from either the disk that came with it or the manufacturers website, then follow any instructions (ie. reboot, etc...). . insert the bluetooth adaptor into an available USB port and wait for your computer to reconize it and finish installation.. . setup your partnerships (ie. computer and cellphone) and start doing your desired tasks.Mr Dacf is 100% right, . i am also using Bluetooth device for my computer and cell phonei know with mine it came with a CD but it was all in another language and i was going to take it back but when i right clicked on a pic/music/vifdeo file it said send to i then clicked on that and it said things like . - desktop. -my documents. -bluetooth. so i clicked bluetooth and i searched for bluetooth devices and found mine and i pressed send to and it sent it straight to my phone
Go into teletext and press 888.  Failing that, if you have a yellow button on your remote and the programme is subtitled, then that should switch them on.Teletext and then press 888Should be a button on your remote control labelled Subtit or Subtitle. If that doesn't work try the On Screen Display or setup on TV. Alternatively check your TV instruction manual, if you haven't got that the website for the make of your TV generally has an online maual you can download or read.Sky box: goto services.. then 4(set-up) then 3: lang/subtitles.. and Digiview box.. will be in the menu... Teletext.. ch888...Its not the remote control, you have to turn on ceefax then press 888not all tvs have subtitles. and not all programs have subtitles either.... . on my remote there is a button at the top that if i hadnt have pushed it accidently the other day i would ahve had no idea it was the subtitles button! (but thats through my freeview box). . on a normal tv isnt it through ceefax page 888? i havent brought subtitles up for ages so im not much help sorry, but there may be a button on your remote, push them all until something happens!!. good luck!if you have sky, press help then select subtitles on from the menuis there not button on your remote not all progs have subs
That is really strange, even if you change the start up screen settings to own image or text, the sound still comes. I disabled in all profiles the warning tones. So the startup sound is disabled too.Turn it to silent mode. Then switch off and turn it back on. It will be no more sound. :)Check the startup settings... and disable itTake the battery out !!!Don't turn it on and off.
go here and read plz :D --> http://www.gamersmark.com/news/2005/02/1/5284It depends on the game - there's a small logo on the back of the case which says if game sharing is available or not.  If so, then it's just a case of starting it on one machine then connecting to it using the other, at which point the game is transferred over and you both can play.. . First party European titles Fired Up, Wipeout Pure and Need For Speed: Most Wanted 5:1:0 all have shipped with game sharing features. A few other titles have included this feature as well, such as Burnout Legends and Lemmings.u cant do that u both need the same game............bummer i know
Take it to a jewerly store...they can do it for a few bucksGo to Wal-mart`s Jewelry department.My friend at a jewellry store did mine for me.Wherever you bought your watch should do it for free. . We also have a small kiosk in our mall that sells watches and if you take it to them (whether you bought it there or not) they will remove the links for you - for free. Maybe you have one of those near you.Usually there is a mechanism in some of the links that you can insert a tool into to get them out.   Take it to a jewelry store or possibly a discount chain and see if they can help.You can go to a watch smith, someplace that sells watchs or clocks usually has one. It'll cost less than $10.its held together by pins. take it to a watchsmith, they'll insert a thin metal rod (.5mm) and hammer the pins out...find a jewler that is in your neighborhood. They know how.
I believe that it is because white looks clean.  You wouldn't want black or red now would you???hi, don't know that either but you can email me if you want on yahoo! at mcr_547@yahoo.com or you cna add me to your msn account which my addy is killchavs2006@hotmail.comBecause the colour white doesn't attract heat. If it were black, for example, then it would attract the sun and all the food on the inside of the fridge would go bad.. Hope I helped! ;). xoxWhite is the best reflector of light. Easier on the eyes to spot things hiding in the deep recesses of the contraption.It's actually so the inside looks bigger than it really is. Light colours give the illusion of space while dark colours contract a space. That's also why you have a nifty little light in there. It's not just so you can see better, but also to 'amplify' the illusion of space.It is white because then it attracts less heat.. The theory is the lighter the colour, the lesser heat it attracts.. So white attracts less heat than any other colour.
Sometimes when that happens you cant fix it yourself you might have to take it to the shop so you want brake it any worst than it already is well good luck i hope you get it fixed.try taking the batteries out and putting them back in.  This should un-jam the mechanism.  I would recommend replacing the batteries as well.I would suggest taking it to a camera repair shop and if you don't know where to go then try to take it apart and put it back together. The zoom mechanism might need replacing.Take it to a camera shop.Time to visit the camera shop.   Unless you feel comfortable taking it apart and looking around, I'd take it there and see if they can assist.
The noise could be due to dust in the lens or on the sensor, or because you've got the camera set to a high ISO. You can check the ISO setting yorself. If it's dust, you'll have to have it cleaned professionally.What kind of noise is it?  Is it too pixelated?  If so then you need to take your pictures at a larger size.  In cameras you'll have the option of small, medium, or large-  Don't choose small! Either go for medium or large.  "Small" images, when printed or enlarged will look noise.  Even though they take up less room on your image card they are not printing quality.. Also when you bring the images into a photo-editing program like Adobe you may need to change the mega pixels to a larger amount.  I have to do this with my Nikon D100.. Other things to consider:. . -Shutterspeed- when you hand hold your camera make sure you don't go below 1/40 of a second.  But 1/60 is best.. . -"ISO"-  Even though you don't have film you still technically have to consider or prented like you have it.  go into your camera menu and look for ISO  try and use 400 or below - using more will cause the image to be grainy.. . -"Mirror Lock - up"  If you have this try putting it on.. . -One embarrasing problem I had when I first got my camera is that I didn't know that the camera told me when it was focused. (I was moving up from a Pentx K500 to a Nikon N80) Put the camera on Autofocus, look through the viewfinder, try to focus on something and wait for a steady light to come on.. . -Another test you can run is using a tripod and a cable release.  This way there will be no interfernece from you moving the camera, so that can be ruled out as a possibility.  . . -This doesn't sound like a dirty camera issue, if it was you'd see hairs and white speks- from dust on the images.. . -If none of this works visit a camera store- even if it's not where you bought it and see if they can help you- a lot of times they are very friendly and knowledgeable.. . Good Luck!!!did you drop it ???1) What Make / Model is it?. . 2) Have you dropped it?. . 3) If it has options to shoot in variety of modes, such as "4MP Fine", "4MP Normal", "3:2", "2mp", "1mp", "0.3m"...... check to make sure it's set to one of the higher ones and / or not defaulting to a lower one (an olympus sp500uz I was using at work placement would do that..... set it to the highest mode, and it'd default to the 2nd best after turning it off and turning it back on again).. . 4) Check the condition of the battery/batteries.... my cheap TRUST Spyc@m 100 (one of the digital pencameras that's more like a portable webcam than a digicam) takes even worse pictures than usual if the batteries aren't up to scratch.There could be many reasons for this.. Has the camera taken any damage?. Are you taking pictures in low light?. Is the lens dirty?. . Depending on the type of camera, it may require cleaning.  If you are not very familiar with cameras, you may want to take it to a dealer to get it cleaned.
According to Nokia website, they didn't have software for 6102b. They only have 6102 and 6102i. You may contact Cingular and check which place could get the correct software.your missing the most important part, the progarm for your computer.  . . take back that data cable to Cingular, and goto bestbuy, for 69.99, that havea universal cable and a program so you can do this.  because its a universal, your new phone should work with it too.I'm pretty sure the Nokia 6102b has bluetooth with the b at the end.. . If it does, buy a bluetooth USB dongle for $30-$40 and transfer the photos using bluetooth. The manual will hopefully explain things better than I can.USB is the last option, just try to figure it out. you can try Infra-red your PC has infre-red
Ok so you plugg in your nano via the usb cable. On the bottom right hand corner of the itunes theres gonna be a little ipod icon and your gonna clikc it, a window will open up and you have to change the settings to upload songs maunally then what you do is unplugg the ipod plug it back in and you drag and drop any songs you want from the itunes library. then when you delete them from the library it wont delete them from the nano. :] glad to be a helpbefore plugging your ipod nano into your computer go into your library and make sure that only the songs you want on your ipod nano have a check mark to the left of them!!! that's what tells it to upload it to your ipod nano!. . I have a ipod nano and that was the only way I could figure out how to solve my issue of having songs in Itunes that I didnt want on my ipod nano.. . You can also go into your settings and change your ipod update preferences...... go to edit then to preferneces....you can then go to the ipod part (the ipod has to be hooked up!!!) and then you can change your prefernces for updates that way! . . I don't think you can delete something from Itunes and it stay on your Ipod......let me know if you figure that one out cause I would like to know how to do that too!
Also, promo copies of discs that are given to radio stations and zines are noted as cutouts as well- they will have the punchout.  This is supposed to denote that they are not to be sold to a second party (because they are being given away for free).They're called "cut-outs".  They are CD's that the record lable doesn't want anymore, usually when the item is no longer in print.  They put that hole in the barcode & sell them really cheap!Yup! The barcode being punched out is a sign that it was a freebie from a producer or radio station--or sometimes just overstock--the way a book may have a remainder mark on the bottom of it to show it was on the clearance table. . . If you can get a good enough deal---why not?! . . My 2 cents about the sellers of CD's on eBay that the are the worst at jacking up prices for shipping.
I converted mine to a boomerang in the shape of a bat, a bat-e-rang.  Now, I can throw it at criminals and thwart crime.I got the hot pink one, so mine is already at maximum coolness!
Because if the clothes came from overseas then there is a chance that there could be snakes in the pockets. Accordingly, you have to wash the snakes out.Cuz you never know whose skanky ass was trying them on before you got em.  Then most stores stink and they smell like thatbecause other people try them on AND they smell like store!think about that one lady.. if you go into the mall and try on 20 different things, how many of them do you actually buy? and of that, lets say 19 things you put back, someone else will try and put back. once someone buys the shirt that has been tried on by lets say 40 different customers than its probably NOT so clean anymore. -Now is it?well a lot of ppl have tried them on in fitting rooms. they smell like the store (not always the prettiest smell). and it gives the clothes a more fresh lookYou have to wash the newly bought clothes because if you are allergic to dust, your skin will be itchy.  Besides, you must wash it to make sure that you will not get ringworms, or any other skin diseases.  It's for your own good.  Don't forget to wash them, ok?Cuz you don't know who had their stanky a$$ in them jeans trying them on before you.To remove the chemicals used in the production process.  These chemicals are not good for your body and can cause severe allergic reactions.  Also it will loosen up the fabric.Some clothing is chemically treated to prevent insects from munching on them while being shipped and stored.  Also dyes have a tendency to come out in the first washing, so it's a good Idea to wash just about anything you put next to your skin if you have any alergies or skin sensitivities.  The rest is just hygene or hypochondria!only anal germ-a-phobes doYou should wash newly bought clothes, not only because people try them on, but also because there can still be dyes and chemicals, and dust from the cartons that you could allergic to, or which can irratate your skin.1. Sometimes they have an odor.. 2. Other people have been trying them on.. 3. Shrinkage.. 4. Some colors like red, black and navy can rub off onto your other clothes and skin.new, yes. clean, no. they've been sitting on a rack touched by dozens of hands when they're not sitting on a dusty rack in the backroom somewhere. also, there are things like dirt, fabric strands and general dust that accumulates from storage, shipping and clumsy employees who drop them on the floor. next time you buy a pair of jeans, reach in the pocket and see what you find. you'll be surprised.Because you don't know who or what tried them on before you, plus some times new clothes bleed onto your skin.They may be new but someone had to be touching it when they sewed it together. And do you know if they washed their hands after they went to the bathroom?I work in a shop that deals with a lot of apparel. Trust me , you want to wash your new clothes.Hell no.I put them on sometimes asap!Do you know who tried them on before you? I don't. . . Not only that, but sometimes, the dyes used can bleed onto your skin, so washing them first prevents this.THink Of all the nasty ass people who tried on the clothes while they were hanging in the store.  I used to work retail I know what I'm talking about.Because other people, some who may not be so clean, have tried them on.i dontbecause they are dirty from the place u got them, u think old navy is clean????, think again, my bro used 2 work there and he said it was a filthy piece of shitPeople wash new close because of the chemicals in the paints, alergeys to the new clothes, to shrink, and clothes also some times leaves its new color on you. Some times clothes are just too hard and crusty when new. People like their clothes nice and soft not stiff.you should wash new clothes to get rid of the stiffness in the clothing,and also the color on some clothes will bleed on your skin.you know how many people try on something before you do???cause they are soaked in chemicle residues from manufacturing the stores and transit.
OK, on the iTunes window, up in the upper right hand corner of the window, when you have a CD in your computer, click on the "Import CD" button, and iTunes will import the CD to your iPod.. . Now, taking songs from your computer and putting them on your iPod, make the songs on your computer and burn them to a CD-RW CD, which you can buy at Office Depot or other computer stores. Then, you can import the CD onto your iPod using the instructions I told you in the first paragraph.Open iTunes, and plug in your iPod.. . It should transfer your library automatically.use the software which comes with your iPod. then transfer to this software then transfer to your iPod, not from any location you want  on your computer.ok well first plug ur ipod in and open itunes.. next go and right cliick on ur ipod symbol in itunes and go to options. Then look around the tabs for automatically update. You might have to restart itunes. Also make sure all of the songs have a check next to them. . If this doesnt work go and drag all of the songs and let the mouse go on ur ipod. . If that doesnt work go and look for syncro to ipod.. . One of these should work. When i put my ipod in and open itunes it just automatically updates. Try that.. . Hope this works.Simply put your CD in your CD drive, and select with songs you want to transfer then select import.. It is a simple three step process.. To get songs from your computer into your ipod just plu your ipod in with a USB wire and the computer does the rest.put in the cd in the pc and open itunes and put your pc songs and update the ipod
Spam guard can not be used to remove commercials from a TIVO program. And Outlook Express is not a video capture program.if you aren't smart enough to properly categorize this question, you certainly aren't smart enough to configure Outlook settings.. . slowly take your hands off the keyboard and walk away!
Has your rich father died in a coup recently?  If so, I can probably help you get money out of the country.the best thing about nigeria is : it's 6000 miles away from here.I don't know why you are Nigerian. I guess you were born there. They have strong athletes, and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is growing quickly there.My friend Amina is from Nigeria. That's about all I have  link with. I would like to travel there at some point.
Itune is already installed in your L7.  If you have the phone facing you its the button on the left hand side ( Side button ).unkown
The caller might be using a phone system that transmits a different caller ID. If that is the case the ID might be for a number that is not connected.. . Several telemarketing companies do this so you cant trace the numberThe service is not disconnected it is just the towers are messed up that is sending the signal. Just keep calling and it will go through. I get this all the time!Its possible that the person you are calling has setup call forwarding and that the number being forwarded to is the one for which you are getting this message. I did this with my dad's cell once by mistake ;)
cause no one uses a mac.  people who make virus's  want a large amount of people to be affected.there are viruses for your Mac - there's just nobody else to spread them to...cause mac sucksits too complicatedThey can.  Every once in a while 'the first' mac virus is found.. . http://www.zdnet.com.au/news/security/0,2000061744,39164062,00.htm. . dated 25 October 2004 12:25 PM. . A malicious script that spies on Apple Mac users was discovered over the weekend. The malware, which has been dubbed ‘Opener’ by Mac user-groups, disables Mac OS X’s built-in firewall, steals personal information and can destroy data. . http://www.marketwatch.com/News/Story/Story.aspx?guid={2205FE12-982C-43EB-AA60-C54B8CD558B0}&siteid=mktw. . By John C. Dvorak. Last Update: 1:07 PM ET Feb 23, 2006. . BERKELEY, Calif. (MarketWatch) -- What is believed to be the first Macintosh OS X-targeted virus was found in the wild last week, and by Tuesday at least three variants had been reported.Not because of FoolProof.I'v been a mac user for 10 years and we're all a little uneasy about apples new selling tactic.  Every design has a flaw,  and every os can be exploited.  Pretty soon my computer will not be so safe.I'm going to work on one now
The field of electronics is the study and use of systems that operate by controlling the flow of electrons or other charge carriers in devices such as thermionic valves and semiconductors. The design and construction of electronic circuits to solve practical problems is part of the field of electronics engineering, and includes the hardware design side of computer engineering.. . The study of new semiconductor devices and their technology is sometimes considered as a branch of physics.Anything that uses eectricity. For example, the computer you used to post this stupid question.
after placing the drive in your usb slot, If ur using windows then under my computer icon on the your desktop you can find the drive and double click to open it. you can then drag and drop other files onto the open window to copy them onto the drive.plug it into usb and go to my computer it you will see it there and copy files to it real easy
when you sync your ipod to your computer open the ipod preferences in itunes. it should have a spot to click on to add contacts.After plugging in your iPod mini to your computer, open up MY COMPUTER and there should be a new item in there called (Portable device or something like that).  Double click it.  Then you simply click and drag Microsoft contact cards into your CONTACTS folder in your iPod.
Batteries that are small are like watch batteries and  cordless phone batteries are sealed in drums with other hazardous materials, larger batteries such as Laptop and car batteries are often recycled for there heavy metals.  The batteries that are disposed of are usually done with a bonded service so that someone will be held responsible in 40 years when the drums are leaking into our groundwater supply.they should be recycled or some places that sell them would take it back for recycling.all these answers sound good, but they mostly just go to the land fill and get buried for hundreds if not thousands of yearsfor a fact i know they take them to the factory and crush them and make different things out of them like coins and other metalsThey can be recycled. It is more efficient but most batteries are just scrapped. The liquid inside them is probably taken out put in a toxic waste dump and the empty cartridge recycled or sent to a landfill.a group of well trained ninjas takes the batteries to a dark alley and disposes of them the right way. that's why you need to be very carefull when disposing of them your self.
if u mean ur ipod then just either right click the ipod icon and click on update and all of ur songs that are checked will be but in ur ipod. . . . itunes doesnt work with an mp3 player, i think that windows music media player does put i dont know how to move then 2 ur mp3only ipod works with itunes. . just hook it up and it will automatically transfer songsplug it to the computer with a white wire that comes with the ipod
thats a basic question, but its basically a business grade printer that prints extremely fast. but they are also very expensive.It is a printer that uses a laser to image on a light-sensitive drum. The image is then charged and picks up toner which is transferred to the output sheet and fused by heat.It a printer that uses lasers to fuse toner to paperA laser printer is a common type of computer printer that reproduces high quality text and graphics on plain paper. Laser printers employ a xerographic printing process but differ from most photocopiers in that the image is produced by the direct scanning of a laser beam across the printer's internal drum.
so you hear what they're selling and go out and buy it!Because ad agencies know that most people turn commericials down.most people get up during commercials so they make the volume louder so you can still hear what they are trying to sell.That is a "scam" that has been around since TV was black and white. The FCC excuse for letting it go on is that commercials can be local or from any network feed and so that equipment is not set at the same levels as the network show. Really, it just is to get your attention for the commercial (they presume you may be sleeping through the show, I guess.) There are TVs that can correct that and TVO does a good job with it. The rest of us just grab the remote and turn it down.They want to get your attention cuz it is louderThe commercials audio levels were adjusted to a higher volume than the show that is airing. Or the show that is airing audio levels are set too low. The show and most commercials are recorded seperately.. . The show and the commercials should be at the same level. Call your tv station and let them know!Different programs are aired at different volumes many times.  A lot of the new TVs have an auto volume leveling option.  Its very useful.To get your attention. Tv stations make their money from selling ads. They want you to watch the ads for that reason.No offense to anyone, but there's quite a few wrong answers up there. . . The volume does not increase during commercials.  First off, all will agree that the audio in a commercial is generally very loud. 2ndly, when a show "fades to black" to go to commercial, both the video and the audio portion are faded down to zero.  So, when the commercial comes on, it sounds like it's much louder than the show you were watching. What you are hearing is the loudness difference between the quiet part of the show fading to black, and the commercial coming on "balls to the wall".  Additionally, when the show has a very loud scene going on, like a chase scene, it's no quieter than the commercials. The commercials just "seem" louder because of the way human ears work. This can easily be proven using test equipment to measure the peak audio signal during both events.companies know that a lot of people leave the room during commercials to go to the kitchen or whatever else they may want to do, and they want you to still hear their commercial. they want your attention so you will buy their products.They compress the sound.  It helps squeeze more speech into a time slot.  It also gives a stronger, richer sound.  When they record it, it is on normal settings, but when they compress it for broadcast that increases the intensity of the sound.  That makes it louder, even though the broadcasters lie and say it wasn't (they know it is, though "technically" it isn't).I read about this somewhere a few years ago.  TV manufacturers claim that because there's usually music and the voices are over it, it just sound louder.. . Others say for volume there is a range and that commercials transmit at the maximum range to get your attention.. . I guess it's good for when you leave the TV to go to the fridge, if it gets too quiet, it's time to go back, your show is on.the telewaves become differentThey're watching to see how fast you can hit your "mute" button!to get your attention!!!!!!!Actually the volume doesn't change but the compression does.
I know we all hate to do it, but referring to your Yamaha owner's manual should provide you with the proper information to get you all hooked up.. . Or, you could just go down to your local consumer electronics store and have them show you in person.with cables
Aparently ipod Nano's don't have as good a quality of sound as the ipod video or ipod 40 but i've also heard the battery is pretty crummy.. .   I have ipod w/color display (40)Only the battery. but this problam is with all electronics that run on batteries.The Battery life . and plus . Ipod dont have unremovable batteries...so if ur battery dies like permanently u have to buy another ipod or go to a professional...that sux.... Ipods are more exspensive than they should be...their publicity is what makes them exspensive... Ipod's dont have that many features as Creative Mp3 players have..Creative has voice record,,fm and other cool features and removable batteries....hope this helps. go to . http://creative.com/products/welcome.asp?category=213i said battery life. in long run battery will wear out too quickly.
You steal itE-bay.comIf you can not spell you do not need a phone! But you can get one at Walmart!All the camera phones are expensive.  Are you sure your phone is broken?  Maybe you can get a phone that uses a calling card.go for  your friends or relatives trusted second hand phone that will be the cheapest...check the web site www.nokia.com, there are lots of model, my advice is go for 6270, N90 or N91. you'll get every feature to enjoy mobility with entertainment.
you have to get that program... its called itools. then you can do it.Well you can get the cord used to plug into the computer to transfer songs and then plug it into the first one and transfer the songs from itunes or something onto the ipod then unplug it from that one then plug it into the second computer and do the same.You'll need to transfer the songs to your new computer. ipods are only geared to work from one computer.If you install itunes on on your old desk top you'll be able to copy those Items from your dest top to i tunes. select all and drag to itunes. plug in your IPod make sure you uncheck the box to automatically update (you don't want that it will erase your entire IPod library). From there select your songs and drag them to your IPod. Or select all and drag them.just donwload the sharing program to your desktop, and if it has usb, u should be able to pass the music to the ipod.Plug the iPod into the computer (the iTunes has to be fitted for iPods) right click the iPod name when it appears, go to options, set it to manually update, then click and drag from library to iPod.  If you want to get songs from your iPod to your computer, you have to use an outside program like PodUtilhook the ipod to both computers dumbass!!!!
There is a big difference between digital and optical zooms.  Optical zooms move the lens to make the subject of your picture appear closer (like binoculars or a telescope).  Digital zooms are very different, they don't actually "zoom" at all; digital zoom simply uses the computer in the camera to enlarge the center of the image -- the more it is enlarged the more distorted the image becomes.  So, in researching a quality digital camera a higher optical zoom will provide the highest quality photo.Optical zoom focuses in on something far away, whereas digital zoom only explodes the picture (like when you enlarge a picture on paint); it makes the picture distorted.. . Optical zoom is better.Digital and optical zooms differ at a great extent. By optical zooming, we mean bringing a given object closer to or farther away from you using the movement of the opcital lense in the camera. Most middle-class digital cameras have an optical zoom of 3x, or 4x, however 6x are neither uncommon. The larger the number is being indicated, (3x, 4x, 6x, or 12x or even beyond it) the closer your camera is capable of bringing a given object to you with its lens. . . Digital zooming however is a different thing: Digital zoom, in contrast with optical zoom brings you an object closer to you not be lens movement, but by enlarging the pixels with the camera. In other words, it ENLARGES you the image instead of bringing it closer to you with a lens. This obviously comes with the loss of image quality (noise, sharpness) depending on the degree to which you wish to zoom with it. . . It you're planning on buying a digital camera, make sure it has an OPTICAL zoom as well, not just a digital zoom. Most beginner cameras are nowadays equipped with it, and the smaller zooming range usually starts from 3x or 4x of optical zooming. The digital zooming function is found in almost all of these cameras (you can use the digital zoom once you are no longer able to bring a given object closer to you with the lens, and the camera continues to do this by enlarging the image for you (digital zooming). . . If you're a beginner and plan on buying a camera, I advise you to buy one that is also equipped with an optical stabilizer (this smart option allows you to take sharp photos even if you photography a moving object, therefore they won't become blurred.) Almost all of the Panasonic digital cameras are equipped with an opticalstabilizer and their prices are affordable even for small bugdets. . . In case if optical stabilizer isn't that important for you, the other reliable leading brands are Canon, Nikon, Olympus, Panasonic, Leica, Pentax, Kodak, and Konica-Minolta (this brand does include optical stabilizers in its cameras)   and finally some say HP is also good, but I haven't this brand so far. Good luck with shopping!Digital zoom is like using the magnifier on a picture in Photoshop.. . Optical zoom is REAL, with lenses, etc.. . Simple. Optical is best, digital is just a bonus, 'so what' type of thing.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digital_zoom. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Optical_zoom. . That was hard.Optical zoom is when the picture enlargement is done by optical means and that means high quality, whereas digital zoom is realized through software that runs in the camera chip, which means lower quality (it inserts pixels that weren't there in the first place).Optical zoom uses lens to actually zoom in and digital zoom is just enlargement of the image.Optical zooming is done using physical lenses and optics, expanding the image naturally.. . Digital zoom is just pixel trickery, the on-board chip in the camera interpolates what the missing parts of the image should be, by comparing adjacent colors. Not very useful.Optical zoom makes image got closer in stages
If it's like not searchable by other devices, make sure it's not in the hidden mode. You'll usually find it in the phone's bluetooth settings. You can change it to "discoverable".. . If the phone's not able to send data then get it serviced through Nokia.turn it on. if cannot connect, then you have to bring it to a nokia service center. . or maybe your phone's bluetooth might not be workingDid you pair it to the phone?  You have to turn on both the headset and your phone and tell the phone the headset is there.  It will ask you to enter the headset code the first time.  Bonding instructions should come with the headset.get it serviced at ur nearest Nokia Proffesional care center
Umm, I think this is pretty illegal.You will need an FCC broadcaster's license to do this for long range. The FCC rules do allow broadcasts with very low powered transmitters using a tiny antenna but the range of this system will just be a few yards. See the link below for more info.. . WK
If you now have your antenna hooked to your vcr and the vcr hooked to the antenna "F" connector on the TV and you can get channels WITH your TV tuner (vcr in tv mode) then you should be ok to try it back on the TV. If you have to put the TV on,say, channel 3, vcr tv/vcr switch in vcr mode and change channels with the vcr tuner, then you have a problem with your tv tuner. RCA was having lots of trouble with solder connections on their tv tuners to the mother board. I have had to re-solder several of them to get the TV tuner to work again.change the autoprogram option from cable to air, then you'll pick up the broadcast signalsBy calling your cable company son!
A "Monophonic" ringtone is a ringer with one variable tone, like the old Nokia ringers. (kinda like an 8-bit video game.). . A "Polyphonic" ringer is one with multiple tones that can produce near song quality music. (Like a 16- bit video game.). . . If you ever listened to Nintendo game music when it came on, it sounded "one sided", like someone was repeating the same thing at a different pitch. that's what Monophonic means: the same tone with different pitch variables.. . The Same is true with Polyphonic tones, but if you played Sega Genesis. The music for Sonic The Hedgehog sounded more like actual music.I think you mean monophonic and polyphonic.  If you are referring to ring tones phonic would be having to do with soung versus graphic having to do with visuals.  Monophonic means one sound and polyphonic means two or more.  Most phones have polyphonic and they may have 64 or more different "voices" that can be played simultaneously.
When you talk wattage there are a few terms that come into play.  Peak wattage which is the most the speakers can take, but are not designed to be operated at, and then continuous is where they perform best.  There are more and the manufacturer likes to put the big numbers up there to impress people who do not understand the terminology.400 watts Music mean or PMPO means it is the short term rating of the speaker.For example for one second.The measurements in themselves are kinda meaningless to be honest, there should be more data given to make it meaningful.. . RMS=Root Means Squared is the the most meaningful measurement to most users, it also gives the lowest number. . . However saying RMS is not enough. The spec should say something like 20Hz-20KHz RMS handling 100W.. . Then you can compare it to two other figures...something like.... 20 Hz 40 W RMS. . This tells you that even though the speaker will go as low as 20Hz, it isn't really very good at it.. . Ditto for higher treble frequencies.. . The result of having speakers with dramatically different RMS ratings for very low frequencies and very high frequencies is that the sound will come through unbalanced. It will be very toppy or very middy.. . Continuous is a version of the RMS measurement. . . Let's not get too technical, but let's say that speaker manufacturers who can't afford, or don't care about the proper RMS measurement quote "continuous" ratings.. . They are somewhat comparable to RMS but not quite as accurate.. . So what does Music mean?. . Music ratings and their first cousin "program" ratings depend on a fact that hifi buffs discovered long ago.. . It was, in the 1940s, better to overdrive your speakers. That is if they are rated at 60W, drive them with a 100W amp.. . This was very practicable in the 40s-60s because tube amplifier technology had a different charactertistic to the transistors used today.. . Also music back then tended to have peaks of volume and quiet bits. . . The quiet bits allowed the speakers to cool down and avoid meltdown.. . It is dubious to try this out on a modern amplifier and speakers with modern transistor technology.. . So a music rating is what the speakers will handle "long term" OVERDRIVEN with "typical" material.. . These days the only thing that fits that "typical" material is either classical music or vocal music.. . So taking the two specs together, what it means is that if you are listening to a choir singing, you can use a 400Watt amp to power them without blowing the speakers. This means that when the choir suddenly hit a loud bit, you get a very exciting rush of volume.. . PMPO is what the previous contributor got a bit mixed up about.. . A speaker doesn't sadly respond equally well to all parts of the sound spectrum. It can handle loud volume in one part really well, but blow to pieces with an equally loud volume at another part of the sound spectrum.. . PMPO plots help you avoid blowing speakers by telling you that a speaker will take a 1KHz tone at 800W for one second without blowing, whereas it will take an 500Hz signal for 9 seconds without blowing.. . Using this knowledge very selectively can help you not blow up your speakers.. . PMPO is a very useful measurement, but the previous contributor is right in saying that some manufacturers just give the loudest PMPO measurement in order to look good.. . If you want loud music, buy a pair of 100W RMS speakers with a flattish response curve. Ask the salesman to show you the curve and compare it to those of other speakers.. . If the response curve is stable, then 100W is really loud in the average living room. Plenty loud.
Some digital old audio players use WMA (Windows Media Audio) but most used MP3 (MPEG layer 3) new ones often use M4A (MPEG 4 Audio)WMA. MP3wma format maybeI'd recommend checking what brand of cd player you have in order to find if it is compatible with mp3's/burned cd's.  Check the brand's official website and it may have the source to tell you. If not, sometimes online forums may be able to answer that.
More then likely need a date cable espically made for that phone if one didnt come with it, you would have to buy one. . Ebay are good for them.get blue tooth on your pc then transfer files through it. good luck!i can see ur poin/question but i think you need to ask urself y ur asking this questionthe cable you can get it out side ask for samsung e350 to computer  , u can not use normal computer cables, it will be onside USB port to connect your computer other side your mobile port , simply connect , and transfer it , now a days it is cost only 300 to 400 bucks madam , but it is a matter of NOKIA you can get it easily in local market for samsung and all you have to go to samsung show room any how try it. .  the cable Product ID: PKT133LBEG/STD  name : data kit. . you can also transfer pictures. movies everything according to your mobile model  . . till have coufussion just click the link you will get it . . thank you
you dont need the manual. find if your pakage comes with a cable that has two heads on one end which usually colored yellow and white. just connect it to your tv and your camera, and then switch on your camera and press preview.most camera, canon espesially work that way.You Can Get mannual From the Canon Site.........
use ur usb cable and dont use sony software it sucks,,, so enter to "my computer and then directly to the phone memory its betterEmail me on buddie355@yahoo.com, then i will help you with setting up your phone. or contact me using your messenger.just plug it in, open my computer, it should appear as an external drive. open it up, open your music in another window, and literally drag it into your phone.Use your mobile catalog or contact any cellphone accessories shop.call your cell phone provider and ask them for the enternet and they well put ir on your phone it well proble cost $9.99 a month .dont do it !! ?
Split AC consists Indoor Unit and Outdoor Unit. Indoor unit is like Window AC means throws air and outdoor unit is compressor.. Best thing is this that Split AC is very quiet as compared to Window's a jet engine.. secondly you don't need a big hole just a little one that u can say connector between both indoor and outdoor unit. And that small hole will also behind that indoor unit so it will also not visible as well.. . Moreover SPLIT AC that is costly in price but looks beautiful and noiseless.unlike window ac ,split ac is easier to instal as only the air inlet panel has to be taken care of  in the interiors whereas the other mechanical parts can be fitted outdoors as per the convenience.Hence the name ....New version of Window A/Ccompressor is divided away from the main fan...Yes,the guy above me is right..
depends if you don't want to replace it or if you don't want to have to pull it out at all.  You'll have to pull it out to tap into the power wire for your amp.  if you've never done car audio, take it to a shop.. . you can have your stock deck power your front speakers and the amp power the subs.  but i can almost guarantee your sub will be way loud and your highs will distort due to lack of power from the deck.i am thinking that u could run the wires from the subwoofer to the radio ....   just may not sound that great is all!!!!take it to a shop and let someone else do it for yougo to best buy and they will tell u
why would you connect 4 satellites to one receiver? it should be the other way around. AND no-it is not like cable-you can no use a splitter.If you are trying to connect 4 receivers to one satellite dish you use and item called a multiswitch.  I am not too sure if you can connect 4 satellites to one receiver.  Directv uses an access card that is exclusive to their product and I am sure the same holds for Dish Network.
i have a l7 its good better than the l6 that my friend is having. the l7 is more value for money. the l7 has better color, camera, fater processing speed, functions and stuff. but the l6 is lighter and smaller in very small difference. go for the l7 its a better buy with the capabily to extand the memory its very use full.L7 costs 10k while L6 cost 6k and also L6 was just available in silver(now it is available in both silver and black) while L7 is only available in black. . Also L7 has more featuresGo to www.download.com and look under cellphones, and then compare.10 MB user end memory in L6. 5 MB user end memory and Removable memory trans flash in L7. You have Mp3 rigtones and speakerphone in L7, you also have emial with POP3 in L7. L6 is avalilable in 3 colours - silver, black and pink, L7 is available only in blackwell L6 is a basic model and L7 is a higher end model. . . L 6. • Ultra sleek sliver form with vivid glass color display. • Integrated 4x zoom VGA digital camera with auto-timer and multimedia photo album creation. • Video capture and playback with support of MPEG4, .3gpp, H.263 files. • Hands-free communications via Bluetooth wireless technology* and integrated hands-free speaker. • PoC for quick connections to one or many **. • MP3 and polyphonic ringtones with 22 KHz speaker and 24 channels. • Messaging via MMS* and Instant Messaging* via IM Wireless Village. • Preloaded & downloadable* games, wallpapers, MP3 ringtones, video clips, screensavers and animations. • Personal Information Management (PIM) functionality, Picture caller ID* and Internet access*. . It has limited memory of 5-10mb dependin upon the country, it comes in 2 colors silver and black. . L 7. . it has all the features of L6 but it also has extendable memory , this is the only difference in L6 and L7. . L6 is for rs 5000-6000. L7 is for rs 8000-9000
You can walk or fast travel to Bravil, Bruma, Cheydinhall, Chorrol or Anvil and find the fighter's guild by asking any guard for directions.  Once inside, ask about joining.  I joined in Cheydinhall.talk to the boss in Chorrol or Anvil fighters guild they will offer you the job
See if Windows Explorer can read the disc and open the files. You may have just burnt  a "coaster", we all do that now and then.the dvd needs to have JPEG campabilities. It can read recorded and rewritable discs all day long, but if it cant decode jpegs or kodak picture discs, it will not show anything.
Difference is physical size. Both are 75ohms, which means if you measure the resistance between the center conductor and the shield in a 1000 foot long piece of cable, it will measure 75 ohms. Generally RG6 is superior.RG-6 is double or quad shield cable suitable for distribution of cable TV in home wiring, good up to 1 Ghz. frequency. It is low loss, so longer runs see little signal loss. Due to it's excellent shielding, it has very good rejection of outside interference. On the other hand, RG-59 is a cheaper, smaller TV cable, that has a higher loss, and poor shielding. It is not recommended for a good home TV distribution. It is widely used in black and white 'security cameras' due to it's small diameter. However for color, the cable is susceptable to interference, loss with length, and poor high frequency transmission.RG6 can carry a greater bandwidth, and therefore more information. RG6 is critical for cable runs between a satellite receiver and a satellite dish because while the satellite signal goes from the dish to the receiver, electricity to power the dish also runs from the satellite receiver to the satellite dish and RG59 is just not stable enough.
Try making the father a sperm doner, that's what my friend did.well when you get the man or lady to live with you it gives you the option to MAKE A BABY. but only when they live with you and we have "woohoo"ed alot. And they think you are ready to make a baby and then you have a little baby boy.... or girl. You can have alien babys too.You can't have babies on sims2 4 the ps2 its stupid but true
are they in mp3 format? you might have to reformat your SD card if it's new or you might have to create a certain folder on the card and put the music in that folder. can you point the player to the SD card?I don't know much about mp3 players, but it sounds like it is storing the songs in internal memory instead of on the memory card. There should be a setting on it to change the location where it stores your songs. Find the instruction manual or contact RCA to find out how to change it.
u were driving too fast. always follow speedlimits. think thats y ur mobile crashed!. maybe some software problem.. send it to banglore, most of the software for motorola and nokia is made there.Yes, a phone just like any computer had a processor and a memory device. The phone can crash and you should be able to get a replacement phone for free. If you dropped it you will have to get it from your phones insurance which will cost about 50$.Yes. Because cell phones are based on processor technology, they too can crash. I would contact the maker (Nokia, Samsung, Siemens) for help. If the phone is a higher end model with Symbian, or Windows technology, it may be easier to resolve the matter with an anti-virus software.your battery could have been to low, you could have had a magnetic interferience. could be many things why not take it into the place you bought it and have them look at it. your phone could just be malfunctioning on it's own.money money money.
I believe NOAA Alerts work on the weather band. . I think it is like a radio station, some weather band radios can pick up the NOAA alerts. . **This is based on information on this particular piece of equipment, so I'm not 100% sure that is true...  Call up the NOAA, and ask them...NOAA is a channel on a Weather Radio. . Any Dual Trunking scanner at Radio shack will pick this channel up.  Its normally labeled WX on the scanner.
I feel like you should go with the most popular. It may be more expensive but remember the saying "YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR" I don't know if they have Verizon where you are but I think they're great. I learned my lesson trying to get a deal. It cost me a whole lot more money in the end.In some places you have no choice...unless you want broadband phone like vonage.  Phone companies buy up areas so no one can service an area but them.Talk America. . Please see the site below for special offer.It depends on where you live...but I have the new Comcast Digital voice and it rocks! I can check my voice mail online and I have 12 calling features for one low price! Check it out!u should use vonage. its cheap and its cool
at RadioShack they have a little (but expensive) plug that will convert the Pal format to NTSC...that i am aware of you cant remove a dvds region code by riping it and reburning it.  its all in the frame rate the speed of playback and more.  its not that easy.yes you're doing it wrong.... you need more gear than you're using. You need a PAL playback device with component output; send that output into a multi system time base corrector with component video capability or equivalent, then output that into a DVD burner.. I'm not 100%, but I think it would be cheaper to buy the disc with region1 coding.
to prevent glaires1) To desguise the camera. Most people don't know it's a camera when they see a dome.. 2) To prevent you from knowing where the camera is pointing to. This will discourage someone trying to hide from the camera.Because cameras are very gaudy and look horribly unattractive, that's the aesthetic reason.  The functional reason is as stated above: so you can't tell whether you're being watched.  The dome could also hide the fact that there is no camera there at all--they just want you to think you're being watched so you behave accordingly.Some plastic domes are used to enable the camera to move to point to a target. I have seen some cameras that are used outdoors that have a wide range of movement. I don´t think is your case. Fixed cameras are mounted in big metal boxes. The small ones can be happily fitted in domes like the one you are talking about. In any case avoid eye contact for your own safety.
lenses sold separatelyIt means you have to buy the lens(es) separately. It does not come with even the standard 50mm lense/There is no camera lens"body only" means that you get only the camera basics without lens. This is of course only possible concerning (D)SLR.. . The advantage is that you can combine the camera body (main functions) and lens (wide angel, zoom, tele) you need.
Are you going to net --> text messaging --> send a message?  What error are you getting?  Do you have MMS activated?If your trying to send a message from nextel to boost it will not work for some reason nextel does not let you but you can always receive message from any service. You can always receive but you can not always send.
two rooms-two vents. more practical than running two compressorsThe Vent is attached in Window AC. . Vent is available through copper pipe in split ACsplit ac is more effective, costly n beneficial than window ac bcoz it saves power, cools the area faster, has more facilities....split ac is more effective, costly n beneficial than window ac bcoz it saves power, cools the area faster, has more facilities eg THERMOSTAT etc.. split can also be installed simultaneously in 2 rooms but u may need an well qualified engineer for that.most important, there is no need to make a large hole in the wall.
that would be my thought.  you may want to check the ratio your tv is set up at because it may be set to full screen and so you will get the barsyou can change you screen settings to get rid of the black lineshey man!!.....I totally agree...in fact it might be a conspiracy!....cos' my radio has the very same two black lines!!!.  only mine are vertical!!??......doo dooo doo do,,doo dooo do....???You get less of them, though. It's just not practical to make them wide enough to avoid the lines completely. The scanning method would need to be changed, raising the price significantly.Your widescreen TV has a 16:9 ratio (1.78).  Most widescreen films have even wider ratios, as much as 2.35.  You get LESS of the black lines, but (unless you find a film that is presented at the 1.78 ratio), you'll always have some.. . Edit: The point to buying a 16:9 TV is that TELEVISION is (will be) broadcast at 16:9.  The bars will only be present (like I said above) if you're watching a MOVIE.  TV shows (hi def) are 16:9.  You will get the entire picture with no black bars.   THAT is the purpose of widescreen TV.  No TVs are being made that will match the width ratio of movie screens -- it's incorrect to assume that the reason for widescreen tvs is to watch movies without the bars.The resolution that ure source has isnt actually wide screen, but has been formatted to fit and work on wide screen by adding the black lines.. . if u have a dvd movie that is double sided and has widescreen on one side and regular on the other u wud notice the difference.. . the quality of the resolution has to be set to widescreen at the source and that is usually attained from original dvds.. . SAY NO TO PIRACY AND BUY ORIGINAL. . REPORT ALL FAKES TO 1-800-NOCOPYEven PC monitors have them. Black lines come from  wires which are used to keep the deflection panels in place. Those panels are used do control the flow of electrons from the emitter to the screen.This black line is Normal , If you didn't know Evey film that is shot today they use this type of Camera, So every time you see Movie with these Black lines is the best way to view the movie , as this is how the Director seen it :) ............There is abit more to it but I'm sure your see what i mean !That should only happen with films shot in panavision. You can use the zoom function to fill up the whole of the screen if it bothers you.
Well, in some places, such as Nebraska, there isn't cell phone service everywhere. Thus, you get an antenna so you can reach the nearest tower.Because there used to be phone that you just kept in your car. They were called 'car phones' and they needed an external antenna. . . Or, it's actually for a radio.sometimes when u buy a used car, they're a mess to uninstall and rather than mess with all the chrome around the windows its easier to just ignore them.Because with an outside antenna your range is greatly enhanced.Those cars with the antennae are likely to be G-men.
You should try your carrier's website. Like I have T Mobile and I get ring tones from their site. I'm pretty sure you have to pay for them, but they have a wide selection and they're good quality.3gforfree.comtry this: http://www.selectivemobile.com/ringtones.aspjust go to ringtones.com they have some cool stuff to put in your phone also wallpaper go with your music or personality.
you need a av to coax converter if there is a raio shack near buy they will have one they are 5 bucks.  walmart will have a tv conneection box that will do the same thing they are located near the tv connections or near the console gaming center.  they are aroung 15 dollars.  or you could tell the hotel theys should look at getting a diffrent provider i know guest-tek video system has a built in dvd player they are becoming more popular with hotelsIF, I remember correct they sell a little box for this. Wal-Wort did have them. Just ask! Tell them you want the Box to connect a DVD player to a regular TV. Best Buy or some other Electronics store may be more Knowledgeable about this. Just be sure you can Return it if this not the Correct thing!!!. You may have to disconnect the Hotel Service to connect your DVD.
I would suggest a unit that you can also use seperate from the vehicle, for when you are campiong, hiking, walking, etc. Get a unit that you can get a cigarette lighter power supply for. There are a lot of good models. Maps on it are good too.I would recomend the garmin Nuvi, instead of the quest. Its a better unit and absolutly fine for the motorcycle. Plus its got so much more features including maps of Europe and the UK, you can have MP3s and audio books on the 20gb harddrive. Its well worth the extraMillenium + can be installed in ANY vehicle (including motorcycles) and only unit that can track WORLD WIDE also only unit w/a satelite PHOTO in addition to the CAD map or a hybrid of the two.
With my Uniden, I have to unplug the phone and electrical connection on the base phone for 1 minute to reset everything.  Try that next time.Unplug the battery for awhile as wellDo you have the directions? When in doubt.............................Yep...you have to unplug it....its the only way.Unpugging it is the only way, as there is no reset option on Uniden phones. Unplug the battery for awhile as well.
It's call a proximity effect.  The exaggeration of low-frequency sounds in a directional microphone when it is very near the sound source. An increase in bass response occurs when the sound source is near the microphone, a loss in bass response is experienced as the microphone is moved away. The same occurs with headphones, speakers, etc.the ear buds are touching your head, and the bass gets transmitted directly into your skull bones.
I think you can send them via bluetooth if your computer has bluetooth cababilities.You can make this by using your mobile data cable or via bluetoothsend them via bluetooth. _(*,*)toto(*,*)_You can't. You have to have internet connection to access you "online album" which you send pictures to from your phone. There is no other way to transfer pictures from the razr to the computer.
mail it to me :),youl never see it agin . i promise (+[__]-:-)Its telling you that your flash is on and its probably not needed. Turn the flash off. That should be a lightning bolt with a line through it.turn off the flash - it means the flash is charged and ready to be used.Turn off the flash or the light on it.
It might be stuck. Gently push it to the right.. . Also, are the batteries charged??Most likely due to low battery power. Try putting in new batteries. If that doesnt solve it then there is a hardware problem and you will have to contact Sony.
a blue tooth and infrared connectivity is both wire less but in infrared you have to keep both the devices as close as possible where as in blue tooth you can take the device any where in a distase of 10 mtrs...I am not too clear abt wap(wireless application protocol)... but Bluetooth uses RF signals(same as radio signals, but having different frequency) to communicate with devices within abt 10 meters..   Infrared uses infrared signals(used most commonly in tv remotes) to communicate. they have shorter range and require devices to be kept in a line....not too popular after bluetooth appeared.i do nt know about wap but the difference between a blue tooth and infrared is just that a blue tooth can operate at a distance 10 mtrs and in infrared you have to keep both the devices sticking to each other....Go to bluetooth.com. They compare the different wireless technologies and the information varies from basic user information to in-depth specifications. The site below compares the different technologies.
I lost that before also, after i bought it for 3 mths, on bus. Never got back. So good luck to u! I lost moble twice, never got back~Nokia hmm... it is a very expensive handphone, did u remember ur hanphone number??? u can call the number. then maybe another brilliant idea , go to report to police, of course will help u,handphone is expensive now , so many ppl will steal it , dun worry lah, be happy ma...^.^ONCE U LOSE IT THEN THATS IT THERES REALLY NOTHING U CAN DO ABOUT IT
They are the earbud headphone covers.  You can slip them over your earbuds, if you like! But, beware, they do come off easily and you could lose them very easily like I have already done with one of my covers. I usually keep the spares in a small container like an Altoids tin!Well if they are little, black, round, fuzzy balls that came with your i pod you use them to clean your screen, the remove the fuzz and smudges with a spritz of water. for more imformation go to www.apple.com hope this helpsThey are covers you can place over the earpieces (if you so choose).theyre feet to protect something from scratching things.  I haven't found a use for theme yet but DONT PUT THEME ON UR IPOD!!  the ipod is really hard to get into a case if u put theme on it.I didn't get any fuzzy circles!!! Thats not fair :) JK I am not sure why you got them but maybe my model is older....They are the covers for your ear phones.  You just slip them over the earphones.  The packaging should tell you what they are.
If you're trying to convert a file like an .avi, .mpg, or .wmv, then you can use Roxio Easy Media Creator or Nero. I use Nero myself. It does all of the conversion and burning automatically.Nero Express 6.0 or 7.0. Easiest and sure way.
I have had great ( really really great) tech support from Garmin, also Garmin has alot of authorised service centers all around the US ( many around air ports who use thier equipment in alot of airplanesI own an iQue 3600 and love it.  I would suggest it because it is useful as a full-functional palm-based PDA, plus turn-by-turn routing GPS, plus hiking GPS and you can take it with you anywhere.  The Street Pilot does one thing (well) but it doesn't do anything else.
ya i think soipod nano doesnt hold shit. go with the other one.
A printer that prints one line at a time.Dot matrix printers are line printersA printer that prints one line at a time instead of one character at a time like most.they print line by line. dot matrix print dot by dot. laser printers print the page
so sony can make more money because you have to buy more of their productsMost companies do that.  The good news is it's getting easier to find OEM batteries that will work on the cameras.
CD-R: CD Recordable. you can only place information on them, you can't erase the info on them.. . CD-RW: CD ReWriteable. You can burn them and erase the information to reuse it again.. . Pretty simple huh?. . P.S. The more you erase a CD-RW, the integrity of the data becomes questionable, and sometimes you may not be able to access some of your stuff.Cdr is a writable disk . cannot be reused .  A cdrw is a writeable, erasable and reuseable.  you can continue to add and erase data( these are the best)yeah what everyone else said..... plus cdrw cost more than the cdrs. use cdrws for like skool thats what i do...cdrs are good for music..its a waste to not record over a cdrw again..than it will die in vain becasue it could not fufill their purpose....(tear) lolyou can record only once onto a cdr---multiple times on a cdrw----rw===re-writableCD-R = CD-Recorderable (can only be written to, not erasable). CD-RW = CD-Rewriterable (can be written over and over again & also erasable)On a CDRW you can re-write things on that disc. Once you write something to a CDR, it cannot be used again.cdr = 1 time recording. cdrw =recorded  many times earce it
make sure that there is plenty of heat, to cold of a solder iron will cause a bad fillet, you want enough heat for the type of solder your using and also make sure to use flux, this will help with the smoothness of the fillet and let it get to where you are trying to get it to (inside holes or to flow around a lead or bend) you don't want the heat to high though because you can burn the item you are trying to solder to as well. good luck.Put that robotic machine to work, i suppose that's what its for !!!. . Enjoy that fillet !!!!
Dish uses Satlite receiver while Cable uses an Antenna. . . Cable is a system of providing television, FM radio programming and other services to consumers via radio frequency signals transmitted directly to people’s televisions through fixed optical fibers or coaxial cables as opposed to the over-the-air method used in traditional television broadcasting (via radio waves) in which a television antenna is required.digital cable is the latest version of regular cable - hard wired to your house only in digital format which allows for digital TV and audio.. . Dish is similar only broadcast from satellites to a dish mounted on the side of your house.Essentially its the same thing from a user's standpoint. The dish is an actual satellite dish that is mounted outside of your house in order to recieve the television signal whille digital cable is facilitated through the underground cable line from your local cable company. . . What makes the dish programming so good is that it has interactive menus and program guides that you could not get on regular cable tv. Digital cable gives you the best of both worlds because your signal is not affected by snow, wind, or rain the same way that the dish is affected.You eat off a Dish while watching Digital Cable..."Dish uses Satlite receiver while Cable uses an Antenna". . Bollocks.. . A "dish" is an antenna, or more correctly it is the most recognisable and largest part of a microwave antenna.  . . A cabl system uses .... a cable, not a receiver and its consequent need for an antenna.Digital Cable is a cable through your house that comes from your local company. Dish is a satellite communication with the network that is transmitted trough space. digital cable cost more. $65. I just switched to them from Direct TV. direct TV was $43. I switched because they offered a special deal-$25 off each month for 16 months. now the Price is the same. The difference is the package came with all the Encore channels and a few learning channels. after 16 months I will look for a deal with Direct TV or Dish. Their is always a good deal. Just keep your eyes open and you will find one.. They all have features better than the other and the have features worse than the other.About $30 for the same number of channels.
go into itunes. plug in your nano. right click on your nano in the program. properties or someting and go to photosopen itunes then search your computer to add all existing pictures to your itunes database. then plug in your ipod and sync the pics to it.
It really depends on where you live and the company's coverage in your area. Here in the Northeast, Verizon is way better than either of those, but I have heard in someplaces (out West maybe), Cingular is better.No,Verizon or CingularCINGULAR IS BETTER THEY GOT A AWARD FOR NOT HAVING DROPED CALLS THAN ANY OTHER NETWORK GO TO WWW.CINGULAR.COM I HAVE IT AND ITS GREAT
My PS2 did the same thing. One thing that helps is setting the PS2 on it's side when you play. You can also get a laser cleaner. (They are cds with tiny brushes on them to clean the laser)try cleaning the disk------or you could try one that you know works and see if that worksIf you have the skinny ps2 and its the blue disk that dont work then it impossible to work i tried
Well I have one and it froze only once so I just left on to run the battery life down. I don't know what two buttons to press. Ahhh...then I charged it and it hasn't frozen up since.Hold the Menu button and the center button.Press and hold down center and Menu. If you ever forget again, call an Apple store. It walks you through and tells you what to do.You have to put the hold on then off.. . Press and hold the menu and select buttons at the same time.
