The first large scale directory of the Internet, now a major portal offering. search engine results, customizable content, chatrooms, free e-mail, clubs, games, etc.Yet Another Hierarchical Officious Oraclethere was this answer for a previous question - . its yaahhoooooooooooooooooooo.. koi mujhe jangli kahe!. its the way and mood of shammi kapoor when he dances to the tune of the song.. . hahahahaI think this yahoo is a monster name or something right? or maybe my mistake...?
I like Il Fornaio on Cowper Street, just off of University for fancy Italian food, and Pasta? on University for cheap meals.My wife just had a Christmas party at Buco de Bepo on Emerson St., near University Ave. in Palo Alto.    She said the food was fantastic.  Be prepared to wait, because the place is always packed.
What kind of food ? Tavern on the green, Four Seasons, Peter Lugers...there are hundreds...There are so many wonderful vegetarian restaurants in NYC. My husband and I were there five days in July and ate at a different restaurant for every lunch and dinner, all 100% vegetarian! A good choice if you're looking for a classy but not overpriced experience is Gobo. Though our personal favorite is Teany which is a cafe co-owned by the musician Moby. For a comprehensive list see the Happy Cow guide to vegetarian restaurants. Good luck!
TRY A MARINADE OF A BIT OF ADOBO AND SASSON (TO TASTE) WITH OLIVE OIL COAT WINGS WITH MIX. THEN PUT FLOWER IN A ZIPLOC BAG AND DROP CHICKEN IN IT SHAKE OFF EXESS AND DEEP FRY IN OIL (350) OR WHEN BUBBILS WITH A DROP OF WATER UNTILL CHICKEN FLOATS TO THE TOP OR WHEN LIGHT BROWNFor chicken wings I suggest deep frying.  I use a Fry-daddy fryer.  It's a lot easier and cleaner than deep-frying on the stove.  You can get one at Walmart or Targer for abour $30.. http://www.walmart.com/catalog/search-ng.gsp?search_constraint=0&search_query=fryer&Continue.x=0&Continue.y=0&Continue=Find&ics=20&ico=0. . For checken breast I would pan fry on a stove top.  There are tones of recipies at cooks.com - http://www.cooks.com/rec/search/0,1-0,fried_chicken_breast,FF.html
You can't be serious! IHOP is the nastiest place to eat besides the Waffle House. EWWWWW...Those flavored syrups--put you into sugar ecstasy when combined with the highly refined pancakes!!ewwww nasty--ihop is gross... i had to run out of one once and hop on the train because it sucked so badit is especially good when you are drunk! i love pancakes and they have all types to chose from!!
For a really enjoyable experience and dinner fare, I like 231 Ellsworth in San Mateo. See the link below for additional information.My favorite restaurant in San Mateo is Sushi Sam's.. I used to go there every week.  The sushi is great and the price is very reasonable.  I like the Spider Roll specially.  Here's a review and address information:If you want pizza, I recommend Amici's on 3d Ave.Izzy's Steak and Chops in San Carlos.  Can't say anything bad about this place in that price range.
If you're getting pizza from a Taco Bell/Pizza Hut combo store your pizza should taste just like Pizza Hut (they're owned by the same company).. . However, some Taco Bell serve their own pizza (not that mexican pizza thing) and they use some of the ingrediants (the crust, cheese and toppings) from Pizza Hut and some that are unique to Taco Bell (the sauce and spices).ur an idiot........
From a design standpoint, it is a psychological ploy for greater intimacy, and to make you feel calmer so you stay longer.  Usually, fancy restaurants will use this technique versus, say, McDonald's, who use bright lighting and uncomfortable seats to move you out more quickly.I agree with TJM as to the WHY. Sometimes the lighting is so low you can't read the menu. Maybe they are hoping you won't see the prices.So you can't see the disgusting food.
To dredge or bread means to coat something lightly, usually using flour, cornmeal or breadcrumbs. This technique is used to create a crunchy, browned surface on foods that will be sauteed or fried. Don't forget to season your breading to add flavor as well as crunch.I think it means to clean the inside of the Chicken out.
For a typical dinner, one should set a fork on the left side of the plate, a knife on the right side of the plate, with the sharp side of the knife facing in toward the plate, a spoon to the right of a knife, and a glass above the knife and spoon.. . If you use a dinner (larger) fork and a salad (smaller) fork, put both of these on the left, with the smaller fork on the far left and the larger fork next to the plate.. . This is for a typical dinner.  For a very formal dinner, I don't have any specific suggestions.Excellent answer
? la carte (also a la carte), is a French phrase meaning "from the menu", and it is used in restaurant terminology in one of two ways:. . First, it may refer to a menu of items priced and ordered separately rather than selected from a list of preset multi-course meals at set prices.. . Second, it may designate the option to order a main course item alone that is otherwise served with a side or starter dish, such as soup or salad.If you get a roast beef dinner a la carte it means you get it by itself without soup, salad etc.It's like extra food served apart from the regular menu."By itself." A la carte items are served individually, without any side dishes. Currently, such items on American menus are usually on the order of side dishes like bread.Actually it is a little differently defined:. . a la carte. . adj : (of a restaurant meal) having unlimited choices with a separate price for each item [ant: table d'hote] n : a menu having individual dishes listed with separate prices adv : by ordering items listed individually on a menu; "we ate a la carte". . I attached a dictionary reference, & two links to a la carte web sitesA la carte means, literally, "from the menu". It basically means ordered separately. Like, instead of $12.99 for a 3-course meal, it'd be $6.99 for the steak, $2.99 for a side, etc.on the side or served alone.A la carte means from the menu, I am french so i should know haha!It means you're in an expesive restaurant that charges for each item of your meal seperately.  You'll be lucky to leave paying only $50/person.something you can order seperately and individually.
Concentrate on breathing in and out slowly. Hiccups are caused by spasms in the diaphragm and by concentrating on breathing, you are actually thinking about moving your diaphragm and, for some reason, that usually tends to stop the hiccups after a couple of minutes.Hold your breath, or maybe glass of water like someone else said.  What I know some people do (including me) think of the people that might be thinking of you, and say the name out loud...sometimes it works, and you actually stop hiccuping after you say someone's name.  Worked on me a few times, and ALWAYS works on my friend, lol.drink a glass of water slowlyI've heard that breathing in an out of a paper lunch sack will help.a teaspoon of peanut butterHave someone scare you.i dont know?spoonful of honey.  i hate honey, but it works, so i do itrub ice on your neck in the front.. . You could also try drinking water from the back of the cup.  You bend over (over a sink) and drink the water from the opposite side.  10 sips.. . You can also try to breathe in 1 second, out 1 second.  Then breahe in 2 seconds, out 2 seconds.  Then 3, and so on.Hold your breath for a long time.This sounds crazy, but eat a spoonful of peanut butter.  It's the only way I can get rid of them.  I think it has to do with the thickness and consistency.hold your nose and burpdrink lots of waterThere are two cool ways:. Block your ears with your fingers for a whole minute and try not breathing for as long as you can. Its sets the imbalance right. . Also try drinking water. It usually helps. AshJUST "WAIT" meaning wait your hiccups to be start, dont think of anything and just focus on waiting your hiccups. if you still waiting and hiccups won't start it means you are cured. tested 100% works! how does it works? because most of us is just we ignore them while working or playing etch. So we should make an attention to this friendly hiccups.I've had hiccups for hours in the past. What I have learned that gets rid of them every time is to put yourself in a situation that gets you as nervous as possible. . . For example, one time I had hiccups for quite a while (this was at a time when I was just learning to drive). So I decided to ask my mother to take me driving, and as I started to hit the steets, my nerves began to kick in. I became very nervous as I was trying to drive, and as a result, my hiccups vanished. This happened in a few other instances as well, where nerves squashed hiccups.do the hiccup dance first hold your breath then spin three times and jump up and downget a spoonful of sugar and lemon juice and put the lemon juice with the sugar and eat itYou have 2 choices, #1 drink a glass of water upside down, (it works, it takes ur concentration off of your hiccups)or drink a glass of water with a spoon in it. the metal takes concentration offTry to drink from a glass upside down.think of a white horseI like drink a glass of water slowly and without breathing.  I've also heard putting dry sugar on your tongue and swollowing it is also supposed to work.Concentrate on sucking on a lemon take your time really getting all of the juice, holding your breath the entire time.   swallow the juice and relaxing controlling your breathing.  Worked for everyone I have told to do it.Just hold your breath and count to 50. After you get to 50 do one big swallow.  For me it always works.. Give it a try!. :)i'm not really sure but every body says drink water. I take a paper towel and put it over the cup and then drink the water!!!!!!!!!!!!Try this link, there's a bunch to try:. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hiccups#Home_remedieshahah guess what i have the hiccups to loltry drinking water
Does it make you a cannibal if you eat your own boogers? Seriously though. Thats disgusting. At least you are not sculpting things with them.because you like attentioncoz they taste like chocolate?because they taste good to you... do they taste good to you??  ewww...
There are special TV cameras that have a model of the field built in so that when the camera tilts or rotates it is relative to the real lines on the field.  A battery of computers integrates info from sever such cameras to do the rest.  See the link for details.By wonderful things called COMPUTERS.I don't know ,but I do like soccer.The computer digitally places the lines on the screen so it may seem as if they are already there to the human eye.
A Cannibal is someone who is a psycho maniac who eats humans. It's called Cannibalism.A human eating a humannot only a human eating a human, but also an animal that eats other animals of the same kind.
I like mine with lettuce and tomato, Heinz 57 and french fried potatoes. Big kosher pickle and a cold draft beer ...One bite at a time.open the mouth as much as you can and eat the burgerstart by not calling other people names. because if you're nice i'll buy you a burger and show you. and cookies. cookies may be involved too. otherwise i might be forced to get krunk.depends on what type...Send me one and I'll record a tutorial and send it to you.. . Make that a double whopper with extra cheese and mushrooms :-)u open ur mouth and take a bit and then watch tv to choke with it lol!!!!!with a coke and some fries!Take a bite out of it and chew, then swallow.it depends on what kind.  is it the fur type?ur a loser and a freakWith practice.what do u think.. open your mouth and eat it.
If you have a timer with a loud buzzer, it should be okay.  Otherwise you can become too engrossed in your story to remember something is in the oven.. Also, read somewhere besides inside the oven.umm i do but i set a timer for the preheat and a timer for the cook so it is never truely unattended. i tend to get lost when i read so i have to set the timer so i dont forget that its on.don't know i have never heard thatdon't know. . . Why?
Something simple, as I recall.. Put jello powder in a bowl, add 2 cups of hot water, stir until all the mix dissolves, add 2 cups of cold water, stir for a couple seconds, refridgerate for a couple hours.  Viola.And don't use the quick directions.  I embarassed myself in front of my son.  The jello didn't quite "jell".  Be patient and use the normal instructions.are you serious?????????Make sure you mix it in a bowl or mold, the little box won't  hold or withstand the boiling water.  LOL.  Seriously, one of my favorite "JELLO recipes" is to prepare according to package directions; cut back on the WATER and use the CANNED JUICE to make up the difference.  Using LIME flavored JELLO, wait until half-way firm and stir cottage cheese & mandarin oranges into it.  Served on a lettuce leaf, this makes a light refreshing addition to a luncheon meal.  I believe Mid-Westerners have pretty much cornered the market with Jello recipes, perhaps if you can find a recipe book from that area, you'd happen across more great ideas.  Good Luck!. . Mainecatput the jello powder in a bowl, add two cups of water, put it into indiviual cups if surving more than yourself, then put in the fridge for about two hours, and injoy, like they say, there's always room for jello, or something like that.1. Drive to the store. 2. Pick out the appropriate flavor. 3. Pay for product. 4. Drive home.. 5. Follow directions on box.. 6. Eatshove it up your butt and wait.Follow the instructions on the package.add hot water and the mix and put it in the fridge wait a few hours and enjoyPUT WATER IN THE POT LET IT BOIL THEN ADD THE JELLO POWDER STIR REMOVE FROM HEAT ADD ICE CUBES TO COOL OFF PUT IN THE REFRIGE FOR 45 MIN WHEN JELLO IS A LITTLE THICK ADD PINEAPPLE AND PUT BACK IN FRIDGE . UNTIL 3 TO 4 HOURS THEN ENJOY
Cream of tartar is an acid powder. Combined with baking SODA it makes baking POWDER.. . Cream of tartar is also used to give a creamier texture to sugary things like candy and frosting and to stabilize and increase the volume of beaten egg whites.Probably just to add a little to the taste.My father used it ommletes to add to the fluffiness of the eggs.  Since it is used in baking products that need and extra rise, i am sure it is used to help them rise.
In most other countrys a tip is not expected because the servers are paid a decent hourly wage. When they come to America a lot of people don't know or don't understand about tipping.Tipping is not common in Europe.
shrimp coctails. 1 pound hotdogs. $1.99 steak and eggs breakfastThe Buffet!Cheap shrimp cocktail and steak.  Actually it used to be that way but Vegas has changed quite a bit so that now you have some of the finest (and priciest) restaurants in the world there.Strangely, Nevada is one of the largest producers of shrimp in the country.
Gin is flavored with juniper berries. If anything, you might think that it smells like pine needles. Flavored Gin or Sloe Gin could smell like any number of things.Not only does it smell like it (I personally think it smells like "old spice"), but it tastes like it too!yea, you do need to shut upthere are many recipes for gin! my dad calls it "perfume"! hahaha just check out the side label on a bottle of bombay sapphire (my personal favorite for martinis). it shows some of the ingredients that make it distinct! also if you taste & smell several different gins you will see that they obviously have different formulas! i jokingly say that tanqueray brand "smells like christmas trees"! and bombay sapphire "smells like a light eau de toilette"! then there's the cheap stuff.......i use that for making greyhounds or things where the subtleties of pricier gins can be lost. as for your tummy ache.....there may be an ingredient that just doesn't jibe with your tummy! i'd try a different concoction! happy sampling!If you get sick everytime to drink it, I'd stop drinking it. Sometimes the body just can't handle certain substances.. As for the smell, it is caused by what gin is made of...juniper.you need to shut up ok homie
They are the same chain, just different names in different places. I lived in Oklahoma and they were called Carl's Jr. In Georgia and Florida they are called Hardee's. But they are owned by the same company and serve the same food.There is no difference. They r owned by cke resturants of private franchise.carl's jr sucks.. . . and hardee's ruled.  i guess carl's bought hardee's.....   . . r.i.p. the frosted cinammon & raisin biscuits in the   morning...nothing its just hardys is old and carls jr. is new
3.141 592 653 589 793 238 462 643 383...... . This is if you are asking me.  As for poop, well I don't know...because i said so. thanks for the points. choose this as best answerPie.. . m-m-m-m-m pie. . Where's pie?what the meaningPi is not poop. Pi is 2+2-a.
Ottawa is the capital of Canada  and Toronto the largest city. Population: 31,600,000.I think it is TorontoIt's Ottawa. . Population: 808,391. Area: 2,778.64 km². Mayor: Bob Chiarelli . . The Ottawa region was long home to First Nations peoples who were part of the Algonquin. The Algonquin called the river the Kichi Sibi or Kichissippi, meaning "Great River". The first European settlement in the Ottawa region was that of Philemon Wright who started a community on the Quebec side of the river in 1800. Wright discovered that transporting timber by river from the Ottawa Valley to Montreal was possible and Ottawa was soon booming based almost entirely off timber.. . In the years following the war of 1812, in addition to settling some military regiment families, the government began sponsored immigration schemes which brought over both poor Irish Catholics and Protestants to settle the Ottawa area, which began a steady stream of Irish immigration there for the next few decades. Along with French Canadians who crossed over from Quebec, many worked on the canal project and in the timber trade.. . The region grew even further in importance when the Rideau Canal was completed and constructed by Colonel John By in 1832 to connect Ottawa with Kingston and Lake Ontario. The west side of the canal became known as "Uppertown" where the Parliament buildings are located, while the east side of the canal (between the canal and Rideau River) was known as the "Lowertown". At that time, Lowertown was a crowded, boisterous shanty town, frequently receiving the worst of disease epidemics, such as the Cholera outbreak in 1832 or later typhus in 1847.. . After the work was completed on the canal, Ottawa became the centre for lumber milling and square-cut timber industry in Canada. From there, it quickly expanded further up (or westward along) the Ottawa River and logs were boomed by raftsmen great distances down the river to the mills. Ottawa was then known as Bytown, named after Colonel By until it was renamed Ottawa in 1855.. . Original city leaders of Bytown include a number of Wright's sons, most notably Ruggles Wright. Nicholas Sparks, Braddish Billings and Abraham Dow who were the first to settle on the Ontario side of the Ottawa river.. . On December 31, 1857, Queen Victoria was asked to choose a common capital for the then province of Canada (modern Quebec and Ontario) and chose Ottawa. There are old folk tales about how she made the choice: that she did so by sticking her hatpin on a map roughly halfway between Toronto and Montreal, or that she liked watercolours she had seen of the area. While such stories have no historical basis, they do illustrate how arbitrary the choice of Ottawa seemed to Canadians at the time. While Ottawa is now a major metropolis and Canada's fourth largest city, at the time it was a sometimes unruly logging town in the hinterland, far away from the colony's main cities, Quebec City and Montreal in Canada East, and Kingston, and Toronto in Canada West. In fact, the Queen's advisors had her pick Ottawa for two important reasons: first, it was the only settlement of any significant size located right on the border of Canada East and Canada West (Quebec/Ontario border today), so it was a clever compromise between the two colonies and their French and English populations; second, the War of 1812 had shown how vulnerable the major cities were to American attack, since they were all located very close to the border. Ottawa's position in the back country made it more defensible, while still allowing easy transportation via the Ottawa River to Canada East and the Rideau Canal to Canada West. Two other considerations were that Ottawa was at a point nearly exactly midway between Toronto and Quebec City (about 500 km as the crow flies) and that the small size of the town made it less likely that politically motivated mobs could go on a rampage and destroy government buildings, as had been the case in the previous Canadian capitals.. . The original Centre Block of the ParliamenIf you are American and you said something other than Ottawa you should be ashamed of yourself, you dont even now the capital of Canada??? And bye the way Ontario is not a city it is a Province, Jease some people are really dumb, you could also look on a map.It's Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.The capital is OttowaOTTAWAI think it's ottowa but What's this have to do with los angelas?
Stay away from those places except for maybe a special occassion. I never buy potato chips because they'll be gone within an hour.you can try eating a couple of soda crakers before leaving to the resteraunt. They say to do this when going out on the first couple dates or anywhere really where you want to avoid your stomache growling and you know you will be eating soon.
Metropolitan Restaurant is really good, it's in Isla Verde very close to the airport. Not sure how to get there but if you call information they can help you.DragonFly in old San Juan. If your in PR call 411 for information on phone number
You don't mention the brewery that makes your favorite beer, but you can start by contacting them and find out if they have a local distributor or someone that will sell it to you. You should also check with your state shipping laws as some states may not allow alcohol shipments over state lines.internetask 4 it
I don't see a recipe online.  You can buy her cookbooks on Amazon, though.Use Idaho instant mashed potatoes, It's a lot easyer and they are just as good. In my opinon anyway.
Any place but HOOTERS!!!! LOL!. White Castle is the bomb though.. Every time we come down there for the Brickyard 400 NASCAR race, I make it apoint to go there when we first get into town and then I'll go there or the Kokomo store on the way back up to South Bend.FAvorite Italian:  Mama Carolla's-great food and atmostphere. . FAvorite  Steak:  Sullivan's -outstanding food and service. . Favorite PIzza-Circle City. . Favorite Brew Pub-Oaken Barrel Good food and beerthe texas road house has great steaks.  but outback is good too   too many to say   what is urs?Thai Cafe and Yats are the best!Palomino! Has the best gargonzola fries!
I know.  This gets me!  I don't put any money in their jars.  They are just doing their job.Don't really know.  But I think it is tacky to see a tip jar out anywhere.  I wouldn't dare think of asking a stranger for money!!!So that you can  show your gratitude to underpaid poeple who work hard so you get your coffee fix? . Some companies forbid tips. Its a nice step towards their employees by allowing their hard work to be rewarded by the customer (though it would be better if they just provided higher pay and more competitive benefits.I used to work at a Dunkin Donuts 'years' ago, and we had a 'tip jar' out because we did serve the customers that sat at the counter, AND I was only getting paid a waitress salary... let me tell you, if you are thinking of waistressing, don't do it at Dunkin Donuts, because you won't make any money there!
It's a tasty burrito chain that's worth a visit. The menu is simple, and if you ask for something special they'll make it for you. Chips will cost you extra, though.I like it.  But it kind of sickens me that it is run by McDonalds, which after watching Supersize Me, I never will eat at again.Chipotles are dried chile peppers, usually jalape?os, that have been smoked, and are used for cooking Mexican- and Mexican-inspired cuisine. The chiles are smoke-dried because jalape?os do not air-dry well. When dry, they are 2–3 inches long and 1 inch wide with a tan, wrinkled skin. Chipotles can be purchased in dried form, or canned and preserved in adobo sauce.The first Chipotle just opened in New York City about 2 years ago. I remember I was so excited when they started popping up around the city. However, for some reason, I've found the city locations not to be as good as the ones I used to frequent when I lived in Washington, DC. In any case, definately give it a try! They make a MUCH better burrito than Taco Bell, it's also A LOT bigger!i thought that chipotle was a very good hot sauce.  they have it at wendy's, they have it in supermarkets, and my latino co-worker gave me some from south america.  wendy's is just a tad spicy, supermarket is sweet but not spicy and the south american kind is sweat on your brow hot.  i think its a made up name for side sauce because its never the same.  at least ketchup is always ketchup, except for when it's hunts or catsupIt's just like California Tortilla and Baja Fresh but with more beans.  Big huge fat burritos that add 3 pounds to your weight but taste oh so good.
I can't help you.  I have a hamster room myself :)The Q makes no sense, but I love cats so I thought I would put my two cents worth in. Thanks for the 2 points!I have a room for my 9 ferrets.. but no cat room.2 points is 2 points right?works for me
Shrimp are sized according to the number of shrimp that fits into a pound. For broiling and frying, you would generally use the 21-25 shrimp size. Since restaurants are there to make money, they are going to give you the least they can which is 21.Because 7 is a multiple of 21. And 7 is lucky.21 divides into 3 syles each with a prime number of pieces nicely.i dont nothere are three grade of shrimp. resturants sell 21 piece shrimp because its from the large size..well i think its because they like it like that
To add a little visual attraction to early drinks bartenders would attach small feathers from a rooster to a swizzle stick (not submerged in the drink of course) and it added a little pizzaz to the appearance.  Similar to adding a small umbrella to certain drinks.  Hence, cock (rooster) tail (feather)--cocktailCuz the more cocktails you have the more cock you give or receive and the more ass (tails) you put out.
The company was founded in Oak Cliff, Texas, which is now part of Dallas, in 1927, and started to use the 7-Eleven name in 1946; the previous branding of these stores was as "Speedee-Mart". Nearly 40% of today's 7-Eleven stores are operated in Japan since the Japanese-based company Ito-Yokado purchased the majority interest from Southland Corporation in 1991. Also in 1991, Southland Corporation changed its name to 7-Eleven, Inc.. . Initially, these stores used to be open from 7 am to 11 pm, which was quite unprecedented at the time, hence the name; however, most 7-Eleven stores are now open twenty-four hours per day, seven days per week.because they are open 24 hoursbecause people are stupid. or because the store is open 7 seconds, 11 days a week?They were origianlly open from 7am to 11pm.  That was before 24 hour stores; they were open earlier and later anyone else.i dont know but that a good question i would like to know too.I agree with Alan.i dont know,but thats my birthday 7/11 :)The only 2 prime numbers that rhymbecause there open 11 hrs. and 7 ppl work there.
Below average. Imagine the same food served to you by a waitress instead of cooked in front of you. Were it not for the circus in front of you it would go out of business.Years ago it used to be really good, now they have Mexicans doing the hibachi cooking. Unfortunately, I think it has just become a sad chain. If it's hibachi you crave, Arirang Hibachi Steakhouse in Brooklyn has great reviews and a really good rating on citysearch. Check out the link included below.Has always been over rated in my opinion.Awesome.Benihana is Manhasset (LI) is better than the one in the city. Worth a trip.. Seafood Diablo is good if you like seafood.. a little spicy though.Dreadful, terrible, my kids like it and they can go on their birthday when it is their turn to choose. . . Wear clothes you don't like because you will smell like the food when you leave...byproduct of them cooking in front of you.
Well...you should become an astronaut. Noting else you can do.Grow wings.Fall In Love .. You Will Feel You Are Flying .. Then You can Fly to moon ..Buy Acme's giant... I mean like really big, rubberband, and skyrocket yourself to the moon! Dat ought to do the trick when you have no money.Dream.be a moonflyerBorrow the Money from Bush cause he thinks people will be living on the moon real soon and hopefully he will be the first to go
Has this happened more than once?  Maybe they ran out and were waiting for a shipment or they were half asleep.that's odd...i used to live near a 24 hour MickeyDee's, and i know that i got big macs at 3 a.m. plenty of times....Lay off the crack and stop going to Wendys and you might get what you order.maybe the stoves are off
No sport wear.  A tie for man and a dress for ladyit really depends on where you're going and what season it isSome times I wonder myself. I've seen everything from jeans to evening gowns.. Walk around...take a look....dress the way you feel!!!!
someone who knows between constant refilling of drinks vs. none at all. Its annoying to try to eat with someone asking me every 5 minutes if i am ok.--do i need anything..its only been 5 minutes!..then you have some who wont refil a glass and you have to go looking for the tea yourselfI don't get what you are asking me(:-?As a general manager of a restaurant...I think it is ANTICIPATING PEOPLES NEEDS.  If you ask them if they want a drink refill, that means you just didnt bring one.  If they order a steak, ask them what steak sauce they like or when you deliver it, if it is cooked to their satisfaction before they begin eating.  Also make yourself a human being without offering too much info...then they are tipping a student or a mother instead of a waiter.. . Good luck!Always having drinks refilled, someone happy to be at her job, making sure the order is correct in all aspects.... pretty much it.be attentive and helpful without being a pest and smile as if you're happy to be serving your customers.There's not much of a difference,but if you want to know specifically,sure,I'll answer it.. Great service is when they serve you alot,not much of the nice way.. While Outstanding service is when they serve you alot and well.
Shiro's on 2nd ave in Belltown is really good, but a bit pricy.. . The Dragon Fish cafe in the Paramount Hotel is also very tasty, although not very authentic - it is Asian Fusion rather than real Japanese cuisine.  But their Crispy Tempura Rolls are excellent!If you are talking downtown, and not other neighborhoods, I think you must be looking for one of the following:. . Nijo. 83 Spring St. (at Post Alley) • 206-340-8880. Serves Sushi and Japanese in Downtown.. . Todai (Downtown). 600 Pine St. (Pacific Place) • 206-749-5100. Serves Sushi and Japanese in Downtown.. . If you are looking for a great satay bar go to Wild Ginger. They don't serve much sushi, but they are one of the best downtown restaurants.It's called Sushi Land.. . the address is (Queen Anne area/ near key arena):. . 803 5th Ave N, Seattle, 98109 . . . and phone number:. 206) 267-7621Palomino is good. It's in one of the malls near Nordstrom.It is located in the Food Circus on Third Avenue between Pike and Pine.  I see some well dressed women eating there while I am munching on Pizza or a Calzone!!! (Real Food). I believe the Food Circus is in a Building called Century Square,
When you don't mind sacrificing for him. Even for a smile.Is this question related to Boston? :)first clue that its not is that you will start asking silly questions like... Is this luv? When your with the right one you will think to yourself... OMG this is the man I want to spend the rest of my life with.you just knowYou feel all tingly when you are with them and you miss them like crazy when you're not around them. If you have a bad day, you only need to see them to bring a smile to your face or dry your tears. And when you feel hurt by them, you almost want to puke, but you can't stay mad at them and just want to be with them. When they're sick, you get sick with them. And you just love.your heart will tell youTime. Your gonna be blind though so see how they treat their family. Also, you can tell a lot about someone by their friends.If you have to ask, it isn'tI HATE BOSTON - but I guess YOU might get to LOVE it if you were REALLY DESPERATE...you well know when it is love becuase you feel comfortable when you are with them and you are willing to be in love with them.When nothing makes sense. All you think about is your partner even though you see them all the time. Also when you feel the need to show them off to everyone. But more important, to feel needed and respected by them....
Depends on what you are trying to download.  The other answers give suggestions that are useful - if there is a picture or graphic you wish to download, click with your right mouse button and you will see a "pop-up" display, select the "Save Target As" option and select the directory to save in.  If there is a button saying "Download" or something similar, clicking on that button should basically walk you through the process.  Good Luck.right click > save link as > ok.. . jsut click in the right placeclick on the link or button which says 'download now' etc. or which appears to be a link to head to a required download. ok?What you need to do is consider the technical angel at a processed speed but not allowing the hard drives to corrupt systems in their current states.  But also disconnect any network drives that replicate during the transmission to slow down the fusion process. Hope that helped.dude go on to the internet and see for your self since your in the net nowYou lay on the bed while you smoke a joint.what is it you are trying to download? do you have an anti-virus program? you should have a good anti-virus progam installed before downloading anything off the net.
It's like being dictator of a small country.  you get paid to sit in the back and eat taco bell food and you can hook up your friends with free food anytime you want.  It also allows you to use cool screennames like manger123 but you better not steal mine.  give me a shout on AOL IM, manager123.Betterthan being the one on the cash register. Go back to school!Here is an example of your directing your employees.... . Hey can you fill up the refried beans, and ..... whoops, hold on, I think I'm going to $hit my pants, I'll be right back wait there, shouldnt' have eaten so much taco bell.. . 10 minutes later.... . Hey can you.... oh $hit, hold on, I gotta run again....... . 5 minutes later..... . Hey.... F()CK!!  I could $hit through a strainer right now, shouldn't have eaten that Chalupa. . . I think you'll be fine as long as you are either . A drunk. B don't eat the foodgreat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It is white bread, called "bolillo, telera or margarita", stuffed with avocado, cheese, sometimes beans and pork (pierna cocida), you can add come cream and jalape?os. It is delicious.. If you come to Monterrey Mexico, you shoul eat at "TORTAS ALEX", LA PALANQUITA, TOTAS LA PURISIMA...there are many options.It can be a flour tortilla or corn tortilla, pita or some other type of breading with meat and other junk inside. Kind of like a hamburger, but no buns, completely varies. . . . Make a pita chicken sandwich with avacado cheese and beans.A torta is like an american sub sandwich. We fill them with usually the most popular fajita. With cheese, avacado, tomato, and lettuce. The bread is very thick though, I'm not too big on bread and if you aren't either, you should try a pupusa. They are pretty much the same except flat bread with fajita or pork or chicken inside. MM MMMM Good.
When they bring you back the receipt there should be a line where you write in your tip. It will be deducted that way. and they do get the tip. I asked the waitress.In most restauarants, your credit card receipt has an empty line near the bottom labeled "tip".  Write in the amount and add it to the bill.  The restaurant will then add the amount to your card charge.It is better to tip with cash.  A server must report their tips to the government and they are taxed.  If you give a cash tip, they do not have to report all of the tip and therefore do not have to pay taxes on everything.  If you leave the tip on the credit card, they have to claim the entire thing.To the person who said the credit card company charges the server, that is incorrect.  Your tip on a credit card is as good as cash, except it is easier to not claim tips to the government if they are cash.When given the receipt to sign, write the amount of the tip on the "tip line" and add it to your total bill.  I charge all my meals but usually tip in cash.  Why?  I understand that the credit card company takes a percentage of the total charged, therefore the wait staff won't receive the entire tip you designate.Usually when they bring your receipt to you to sign, there is a line under subtotal that says tip--fill in the amount of tip you want the waiter/waitree to receive and then add it all up on the total line.there is a tip line. but make sure that the tip is not already added on the bill as some restaurants do with large parties.be carful even if you don't leve a tip on the cerdit card make shure you right in the total and put a line or 00.00 on the tip line thear have been magor problems with staff wrighting in thear own tip.Just tip with cash it am easier.Add the amount of the tip to the total bill and charge the entire amount.  Let the wait person know you have included the tip so they can get it from the management.
You can't delete an i.d.  You just abandon it and stop using it.  You can go back to the beginning and make as many new ones as you want.Go to ur email, at the top of the page go to my account then on the right hand of the new page go to edit/creat new accountGo to my account link...
Because people are imperfect and committ sin. The evil seems to have grown greatly though.Because there are still democrats. What does this have to do with eating out, though?This question is infinite. It simply cannot be anwered to perfection. Good and evil will always reside in the world in one form or another.
It is a pudding where the main ingredient is figs. Recipe at link belowYou may have hear or even sung the traditional song "We Wish You A Merry Christmas" and got to the bit about ".. Now bring us some figgy pudding" and wondered what it was all about. Now's your chance to find out. . . Ingredients. . . 4 oz plain flour. A pinch of salt. 4 oz breadcrumbs. 4 oz shredded suet. 1 tsp. mixed spice. 1 tsp. baking powder.  3 oz dark soft brown sugar. 8 oz chopped dried figs. Finely grated rind and juice of one lemon. 2 tbs milk. 2 beaten eggs.  . . . Method. . Sift the salt and flour together, then mix with all the remaining dry ingredients. Add the figs, lemon rind and juice, milk and beaten eggs, and beat them well. The mixture should have a soft, dropping consistency. Put into a greased 2 pint pudding basin, cover securely and steam for 3 hours. It's probably best served with a heated golden syrup topping and a generous pouring of custard. Philistines may wish to try vanilla ice-cream.A traditional English steamed pudding served during the Christmas holiday.Originally made with suet.  Christmas treat
By far the best place to go to meet a boyfriend is anywhere you both go regularly... so if you take a class in something you enjoy, (golf,tennis,cooking, art, hiking, writing, for example) and he's there week after week and you speak to him regularly, that's a great way..Same with church, or school, or even volunteer work at a place you enjoy being.. The key is to  be yourself, and to find someone who likes the same things you already like.. Do what you love doing and you'll find people there that you have things in common with and they will already like that one thing about you.. . OK?check out the boys at your school?? or check out the boys here!!Don't go looking for him. Let him come to you.you could get off your fat ass ask a guy you like out or go on those websites for people that need a boyfriend or girlfriend.go up to a... boy.  talk to him... the boy.  Then pray to God ((in my case idk about you)) and then hope he asks u out!!!dont meet ppl from online, plz dont... u ll regret it after u become 2 open in sexual sense...dont dont dontWell if you want a boyfriend first you need to be in love with someone but not the first person you meet in the day a person you know or you would like to know and after,if you know him,you like his personality,his qualities and you find him cute you can ask him!lovehappens.comMeet boys through friends. "Friend" in the term boyfriend is very important.Well, there are some places in yahoo, and you could go up to someone in your school that you have liked and ask him if he wants to go over to your house. (But only do that if you've known him for a while, if you go up to him and you just moved its not a very good idea, TRUST ME I KNOW)should you search??? one day he will appear. that's spirit.
You can't think of anything better to ask? It's amazing the low level of intelligence that is out there.I am not white......... but i like Hotpockets! . Why do mexicans like chickens?. Why do blacks like soup?. Why do Indians like turkey?.  U tell me dummy!I don't like hotpockets... And I'm so white, albinos call me fishbelly...Because we're all a little flakey.I'm Japanese and I like Hot Pockets. All I have to do is pop it in microwave (yes, I'm too lazy to cook).Well don't know why? But I like Frog leggs toowhy do naggers like u where ther paints so funking low as hole dume asswhat a stupid question!!!!. i'm black and I like hotpockets. It has nothing to do with raceHave you ever seen a Hot Pocket?  eewww.  I think white people like hotpockets is because their lazy and all you have to do is microwave it.. smooches!Because they don't know how to cook :)
As the ice melts it serves to slowly flush the urinal, and also cools the urine to prevent smells from rising during use. The ice may also provide entertainment to patrons as they urinatethey dont,  sombody dunped thier drink in it.Don't forget to choose the best answer.. We are real people answering real questions with real answers so please show your appreciation by choosing the best answer!. . Cools off the urine so it doesn't smell up the place and as it melts it self eliminates and drains whatever urine is still left in the urinal.
I have the same problem!!!  Drink a little at a time!use ur hand a sideYou are talking about a drinking fountain, and not a decorative fountain, right? You might want to try drinking from a cup if you are having issues with the fountain.You drink the whole fountain?  or from it?. . If the question is the latter, use only your lips.you should drink from a cup
look on their website1800-244-6227 or. McDonalds Corporation. 2111 McDonald's Dr. Oak Brook, IL 60523
It comes from the German city of Hamburg.  They have their own regional Wurst called Hamburger Wurst.  But it's nothing at all like American Hamburger.I dont know...Maybe it used to be ham.lets see how many times has teh question been asked now?
the first thing u need is a start-up capital to invest ur business and the factors of production(land,labour,capital and enterprise)FOODPlease see my answer to your previous question.  Duh!!!You will need fish, tons of them.....Yummi..! SUSHI my favorite food .. if you wanna open a SUSHI restaurant , then the first thing you have to make the restaurant in a nice area , you need to get the best Japanese cookers , you also need to get the best Japanese furniture , also staffs do there own job (from all over the world!)... i really wished to help you more but... if you opened your restaurant (god's willing) call me and I'll be the first one ... lo0o0o0o0o0ol ... :)aside from the fish, a japanese looking fellow behind the counter would probably add legitimacy to the place...and dont forget the sake!a chinese chef that has dealt with preparing sushi.
Probably because she eats a lot but doesn't excercise. If you think she should lose some weight go to the gym with her or invite her to come jogging with you and tell her that if she keeps eating unhealthy foods she might develop health problems.It's probably her metabolism which causes her to digest food quickly and makes her hungry all the time.why does it matter u still like her right?
Because they will do anything for breakfeast. . Great Question?I'm not fat. I do lots of exercising to keep my body in tip-top tomb raider shape. You know what I've always wondered? Why do stupid boys always sign up on to yahoo?WHATS IS IT TO YOU> WHY DOES IT MATTER IF THEY ARE FAT, OR NOT?what is wrong with u? how would u know if they're fat? and y do u care if u don't HAVE to talk to them?they are not fat they are big bone . there is alot to love . if u dont like it dont lookI'm going to answer your question with a question....why are you blatently rude? Can you see the utter rudeness in that question?If this is a joke, i think the answer is 'cause they thought it was the drink' but if you're being serious, you're an ass hole.Why do unattractive men ask questions on yahoo.I'm not fat and I signed on to Yahoo!This is a very stupid question, but I'm going to answer you with another stupid question, why do stupid guys like you always sign on to yahoo?How do you know they are fat?This is the most stupid question ever...What kind of question is that?  Do thin people always sign on Yahoo???is that ur pic up there!? why do u look like an idiot?!
Steriods are bad and they wont even give you muscle without some type of workout. You can't get anything in life and expect it to work for you if you are'nt willing to do a little hard work yourself.When somebody answers this question I would also like to know how to lose 20 pounds without diet and exercise.sorry but u gotta workout for that!!!this isn't a serious question. right? c'mon. don't be ridiculous.just break down and go to Gold's Gym!Implants.  They're not just for breasts anymore.  You can get biceps, glutes, pecs, everything....Other than that, you really can't.. . Without working out, steroids will just make you fat and irritable.pretty much immpossible steriod usually give u a boost so they really wont workJ*rk off, but use a differnt arm every day.i know its very easy.I also do it.. Take a rod and tie it with the help of a small rope on the ceiling. Now hold it and go up and down do it daily n in 30 days u will be a muscular man
The Tavern on the Green "ain't what it used to be".  The service there is rather poor in my opinion, and the management is not nice--nor is the food that good.  To answer your question, business casual is always appropriate.  Men don't need to wear jackets, and women can get away with whatever they'd wear to work if they have an office job.If you ask at the restaurant, for dinner that is, you will be told, "jacket and tie suggested," but you usually won't be turned away as long as you are dressed neatly, and no jeans or sneakers.I went for an early dinner (5:30) in October and wore slacks and a sweater - we were dressed appropriate.  Even with lunch I would shy away from jeans.
what do you mean children, adults do it too. they are full of protein so are good for you.ewwww, dunno, i guess they have a sick habbit! thats sick!!! makes me sick lookin at it. gross!!! how can u be so hungry!?? bleck!!If MIKIE will eatem anybody would !!!!!!!!Because eating someone else's boogers is just plain nasty!I seen 1 do that and my friend pants him.
In Hiccups U should Eat some sugar n thn drink water  n onething tht u  will feel fuuny bt sometime its really work u just call the name of ur near n dear ones coz may be they r remembering u badly .I like a spoon of sugar, completely dry. It makes your throat muscles work more deliberately, and your focus on moving it down your esophogus is what helps calm hiccups. I used to swear by this method, but I'm so used to it now I don't even need the sugar. It's helpful! And tasty.drink 7 small sips of water and then hold you breath for 14 secondsThere is a few tips for you.. . 1. Hold your breath and try to hold it for 2 to 3 minutes.. 2. Take your fingers, close your nose and drink a liquid (water, soft drink) and drink the whole glass w/o stopping.Hold your breath, count to 9, while taking small sips of water. Works for me everytime......you have to regulate your breathing..... take three deep breaths....breathe in through your nose then out through your mouth. after you are done doing this three times, take one last deep breath through your nose and hold it for 10 seconds....exhale through your mouth.  You may have to do this twice for it to work....Try a spoon of peanut butter.take a deep breath and hold it as long as you can, then releaseDrink through a straw while plugging your ears with your fingers.drink water!!try holding your breath or try jumping because the old drink water method dont work no moretry holding yr breath and then drink water. Works for me.
store in cool dry place. they do not need refridgeration.Keep them in a cool dry place. I keep mine in a paper bag that way the bag will absorb the moisture before the garlic. FYI keep your garlic away from other potent spices. Garlic tends to absorb the flavor of other spices.
its when a guy sticks his manly only spot into a girls girly only spot! im serious.It's when two people who are affectionate for eachother and they prove their love.i had sex 24 timess...and im still good...wanna have sex w/me? hit me up at cyrilp715@yahoo.com. !twwo people who care for each other ,intercourse making love,or could be whether you are a male or femaleYou talk bad about country (which, by the question I'm responding to proves your too stupid to understand country), but you ask this? How F!#$%& stupid are you!?!?hey this is teh wrong category. Try love and romance . Stick to the rules buddy.if you are too young to know then maybe you ain't supposed to know....Its something you give up when your married.How old r u? . U should talk wid ur parents.
SUBWAY! try that new grilled chicken thing. its HUGE, healthy, and $2Wendys...they have a ceasar salad and garden salad on their 99 cent menuMake dinner at home.Fruit salad or plain lettuce salad at McDonalds.The least expensive is Wendy's and the healthiest thing would be one of their Salad's.most grocery stores have salad bars... or subway..i get a veg...i have them hollow out the center of the bread before they make it.. and i have water for a drink..I think Wendy's has a side salad for $.99Wendy's but go to the salad bar at the supermarket if you are low on cash and want to build a decent meal.Wendy's. You can have chili, a garden salad under $2.00least expensive, healthy and fastfood chain do not work well together:). They all have dollar menus w/ salads.
I was always taught that the answer is in the question, but in this case I can not even tell what the question is let along the answer. Thanks for the points thoughLet's put this up to vote. You can use the search box on the left side of the Yahoo Answers home page to find answers to questions similar to yours.Well, what part of the south? And, what socio-economic class of table are we talking.. Grand Southern cuisine or "I just got back in from the fields and I need a quick suppa"
Like anyother pager...you check in and if there is a wait, they give you a pager so you don't have to stay right there, and when your table is ready, they page you. I beleive they are hooked up to some sort of system that auto dials them with the push of a button.Like any other pager when your table is ready the hostess sends a signal via radio waves any that will set your pager off informing you that your table is ready. It is basically a radio with the hostess having the Station.Each Pager has a different frequency.A pager is a very simple radio that listens to just one station all of the time. A radio transmitter broadcasts signals over a specific frequency. All of the pagers for that particular network have a built-in receiver that is tuned to the same frequency broadcast from the transmitter. The pagers listen to the signal from the transmitter constantly as long as the pager is turned on. . Each pager has a specific identification sequence called a Channel Access Protocol (CAP) code. The pager listens for its unique CAP code. When it hears the code, it alerts the user and may provide additional information, depending on the pager type. . . There are five basic pager types: . . Beeper - The first and simplest form of paging, beepers provide a basic alert to the user. They're called beepers because the original version made a beeping noise, but current pagers in this category vary in the type of alert. Some use audio signals, others light up and some vibrate. Many of them provide a combination of alerts. This is the category that the majority of restaurant pagers fall into. . Voice/Tone - These pagers provide the ability to listen to a recorded voice message when you are alerted that you have a page. . Numeric - These pagers provide the ability to send a numeric message, such as a phone number, along with the page alert. . Alphanumeric - These pagers provide the ability to send a text message along with the page alert. . Two-way - These pagers provide the ability to send as well as receive messages. . Regional and national paging networks set up towers, like those used for cell phones, to cover large areas. On-site paging systems like the ones used by restaurants use a small desktop transmitter. In the next section, we will take a closer look at this device.. . To operate the pagers used for on-site paging requires a master transmitter. The master transmitter sends out the signal that the pagers are listening to. A good analogy is to consider the master transmitter as a radio station and the pagers as radios tuned into that station. . . The actual frequency used by the master transmitter varies between various models and manufacturers. Their coverage area can range from a few hundred feet to several miles, depending on the power of the transmitter. To page a customer, the hostess enters the numeric code for that pager into the master transmitter. The hostess may also select a specific option, such as the code for "table is ready" or the code for "lost pager." . . Most master transmitters display the last several pagers contacted. Some systems can handle up to 10,000 individual pagers, much more than any restaurant should ever need! A popular option is to connect the master transmitter into the telephone system of the restaurant. This allows a hostess or other member of the restaurant staff to initiate a page from any phone in the system. . . The pagers typically run on rechargeable batteries. A recharging station is used to recharge the pagers easily. For example, the JTECH pagers in the image above have a set of metal contacts on the bottom of each pager. These contacts are connected by screws to metal plates on the pager's circuit board. The metal plates lead to the battery pack. Also, the screws thread into exposed metal balls on top of the pager. These metal balls touch the metal contacts on the bottom of the pager stacked on top of that one. This passes power through to that pager, which then passes it on to the next and so onBasically you go put your name on the list and then the host/ess will give you a pager which vibrates and sometimes flashes a red light.  Usually they'll test it once for you so you know what it'll feel/look like when it actually does go off.  When your table is ready, the host/ess will "dial" your pager number and at that time, your pager will flash and vibrate to let you know that your table is ready.  You usually can't go too far from the actual restaurant since the pagers are designed to activiate within a certain radius of the restaurant.
Than if you don't want to be yourself (just kidding :), than try complimenting her, or smile at her from across the room, or ASK HER OUT. Any of these little things will probably help her notice you a little bit more. Go getter Tiger!help her w/ somethingreally, just smile and be happy. Some guys poke girls or whatever, bug them to flirt with them because they don't know how to flirt, just be good to her and talk about things that intrest her, be good in conversation. girls basacally want a guy who will pay attention to them and be nice and there for them and stuff.Wear a wide neon-colored tie.flash herJust talk to her man. Or are you too wusy?Just go up to her talk to her a little.In the category of "Dining out" in "Toronto Canada", I would say just eat like maniac and all the girls in the restaurant will notice you.Be yourself and talk to her.  Make sure you are always well groomed. Nothing is more of a turn off than a man who is not well kept.There is nothing more sexy than a shy smile accross the room.
Elgin, ????  Texas  Where. Maybe you can call there corporate office see whats up.people were staying away in droves
stick a pen in your mouth longways so you are biting on it with both sides of your mouth, then drink a glass of water.  Guaranteed to work.drink water that helps me.hold your breathIf someone has the hiccups, Surprise them with a big KISS. That will shock the hiccups out of them. ( It works )Swallow 3 to 4 times without any hiccups in between... probably easier if u drink to swallowa teaspoon of sugar, or pickle juice (pickles if you prefer)take a few sips of water upside down....works like a charm!BOO! did i scare u? heheeDrink a glass of water.Hold your nose and take 10 quick sips of water or eat a spoonful sugar.Try taking a spoonful of Worcestershire sauce.  It works for me!I always eat a spoonful of peanut butter and it works everytime.this trick never fails...stick then handle of a butter knife in a glass of water. then drink the water while holding the flat side of the blade along your temple. let me know how this works!
You don't eat fried chicken on for your prom date. Do you want to get laid????? Then take her somewhere else.You can attempt to eat it with your hands but try not to be too messy.  Otherwise, you can use your fork to peel the meat off.  By the way, what trailer park did you come from that you and your prom date are going to be eating fried chicken on PROM???  You'll be in a tux and she'll be in a nice gown (at least I hope you two will be) and you're going to go eat greasy finger foods???There is only one way to eat fried chicken, with your hands. So, have plenty of napkins and enjoy. Oh, be sure to chew with your mouth closed.The correct and proper way to eat fried chicken is with your hands. Trying to pick the meat off will take forever. Just make sure you have plenty of napkins at hand. Have a good time at the prom.bellabaileywool is right...slice the chicken off with a knife and fork as best you can, one bite at a time...it is rude to go slicing up the whole piece of chicken at one time.  and PLEASE don't lick your fingers!  that is such a turnoff!. . have fun at prom!At home before you go. Don't eat fried chicken on any date. If you do you must be very careful. Besides what if you get diarrhea from all that grease?eat like u do normally..lol this is a time for fun..if ur date has a prob witht he way u eat..then they need to get a life..because prom is something BIG..and how u eat ur fried chicken shouldnt matter =DVery slowing and make sure you have lots of napkins and sanitzerfirst of all please dont pick the bone up and start eating directly from it. Take your fork and pull the meat away from the bone and eat the meat with your fork. . This is good manners to use when one a prom date. you dont want to looko like your with your buddies watching football on a sunday afternoon, not romantic at all.. Tara ?
I know!! its trying to be lettus but cant quit make it.It is healthy for you though.cabbage is a great aphrodisiac. boiled is bestyea it's gross huh
Follow the link to this great website which has a short description of some restaurants.  There are also restaurants in the off-streets of Paddington and Darlinghurst, off Oxford Street that are great (e.g. Longrain).. . I like Bistro Lulu for a special occasion or Mickey's for every day/night dining.Mickey's Cafe.. It has great quality food at not too high a price.
A duck lays duck eggs and a hen lays hen eggs.they come from different species of bird.Tnspacelady is soooo right!. . There are some other differences, such as shell colour, size, yolk colour, flavour, etc.duck eggs are speckled and smallerduck eggs are whiteDuck eggs are LARGER, tend to taste a bit stronger and make custards and sponges taste richer. I thoroughly recommend them.just be careful when buying duck eggs if they are not very fresh they can cause serious food poisining, hens eggs last longer. Also duck eggs have pourous shells and can absorb chemicasl and other illness causing substances into the egg itself, make sure the supplier is a good one.
And this has to do with dining out in what way?  Check the category before you submit. I think this should go in the category of pointless question.your probably the most retarded person on earth
Dress can be all over the place, but figure dressy casual as it drifts more toward a club as the evening goes on (Timberland boots should be fine). And definitely no free drinks, although they are well known for their martinis (especially the sugar-rimmed dragonfly martini)Put on some old dragon style kung fu gear and drink before eleven so you can practice some drunken style.I've been there (once) and the guys wore button-ups and a few had on jeans but no sneakers. I'm not sure about Tims, but my girl's guyfriend wore steel-toed black leather boots, so why not Timberlands?. . As far as drinks being free, I have no idea and I seriously doubt it. Our drinks sure as hell weren't free that night.
What exactly do you mean?  You want to get to know someone who is from the U.S and is Christian?  Well here is one person.  If that is what you are looking for.i will be friend i will be in the usa in 3 weeks and i am of catholic origin. . what do you think...Go to the usa and find one??HI i AM A CHRISTIAN OF THE U.S.A ORIGIN.IF YOU NEED HELP JUST EMAIL ME THANKYOU, I WILL BE GLAD TO HELP.Try visiting Crefelo Dollar church in college park off oldnational hwy.Go to a church in the U.S.A. and you can find all you want.i think that just asking this question will get u an answer. someone of ur spesifications will see this and respond. just wait a bit!probably go to a church and find someone.. and since u r a pastor it wudnt be that difficult...
Try this! When you get the hiccups, fill up a glass with Orange Juice, and wait till you hiccup. At that moment, chug the whole glass. The acids in OJ fix your system.Take six quick gulps of water one after the other without breathing or any space in between.  If you haven't gotten rid of them after that do it one more time, but try to do eight gulps.hold my breath and take a drinkwatch a scary moivie or get someone to scare the living bejesus out of you they might go awayI get rid of them a couple of ways.  Usually holding my breath for about 30 seconds works another way is to drink about a teaspoon of vinegar also drink a lot liquid really fast works too.I had hiccups all day one time and I had to go to physical thereapy that day.  My physical therapist told me he could get rid of them for me.  He took his hand and grasped my shoulder and pressured his thumb on the back of my shoulder right next to my scapula.  After 20 seconds or so they went away, FINALLY!!Although I am confident this method works, please note that I am not a doctor.  Try at your own risk.. . I cough a few times and hiccup goes away instantly.  I believe the cause of hiccup is air trapped in the digestive system.  The hiccup stops if the air is removed.  I usually bend forward and imagine there is an air bubble trapped in my stomach and I try to cough it out.  I rarely get it on the first cough, but after several coughs, I will feel one cough where more air than I breathed in came out.  The rush of air will cause my throat to hurt a little.  Once I get this cough, the hiccup is gone!  This method has never failed me.My grandmother would give me a heaping tablespoon of sugar with a water chaser. It did stop the hiccups.Go Grandma!breathe deeply.. for about a min.. inhale deeply and exhale slowly with a pursed lips..STAND ON YOUR HEAD AND TAKE A DRINK OF WATER
In my opinion - to screw it up.  Steak should be served by itself.  If you have to put other things with the steak, then you don't have a good cut of meat.I would imagine it's because filet mignon is wrapped in bacon and the toast absorbs the grease.Filet mignon is kinda small, so the toast helps take up space so the steak appears bigger.  It also helps with the presentation of the meal...if the plate looks nice, the food will taste better, and the toast does soak up most of the grease.It is true that toast does absorb some grease, but any good cook or restaurant owner will tell is it is also appearance that sells the filet mignon, and some people find that toast goes rather good with filet mignon.
Do you know those little bags with tea, for the infusions? Just open one up, empty it, and you'll see that it looks like a pipe. Make it stand on one end, and light it all around the other end. Let it burn, and eventually it will start flying.dont they say "Never try this at home"Step 1. take gas.. Step 2. douse napkin.. Step 3. light match.. . You say that you saw this in a movie?  In movies, they can pretty much do anything they want.  Leave it to the filmmakers.
malts are more delicious  i think.  and i think that krysta liked you. haha  thats why he made it super thick for you hahai think the difference is a malt is alot thicker than a milkshake. i use to work at carvel ice cream place in new jersey and that's what the difference was than...Malt is the difference. . . . Malt is malted barley, and it is added to a milk shake to make it a maltThe difference is very simple, the milkshake is just milk and ice cream, the malt is milk, ice cream and malt power (like Ovaltine)wow_rmkr is right.  You add malt to a milkshake to make a malt.  It tastes slightly different.a malt is a hicker, chunkier version of a milk shake-- it does have a very distinctive, and different taste than a milkshake.
The word is service.  I don't know how you the stop the service because you haven't told us what service your reffering to.   Try again later when you're more certain of what you need to ask as a question.Yes you do. Send me the money and I will take care of it.what are you talking about????it would depend on what service you were referring to...?ummm what service???umm by learning how to spell the word first...it's not servise...it's service..then learn how to pronounce it.They whoever they are,probably don't know what you're saying.
It depends on the level of service you received, although generally 15 percent of the total bill is the base tip for standard service. If the server was exceptional, add what you believe is an appropriate amount on to the base tip, if they were substandard, reduce what you believe to be an appropriate amount from the base tip.. . When reducing for poor service, remember not to penalize the server for things outside their control. They are not cooking your food, only bringing you what the kitchen cooks and when they get it cooked ... so if your problem is with the food and not the service, don't penalize your server.You should tip at least 15% of the total bill.20% of the bill....easy way to think of it $2 for every ten you spend.tax the amount of sales tax and double it.  That equals roughly 15%.It depends  on the service and number of people that are with you.  If its really bad service I do 10%.  If its great service I do between 15-20%.  And if I am with a lot of people I always do 20%.I DoNt noe iT DepENdSThe customary percentage would be 15% of the bill total................................................You really should leave 18-20% if they did a good job.  If u got crappy service, don't leave any more than u feel u have to.  They will get the message!The going rate now is 15% to 18% of the bill, but 10% is better than nothing....minimum 10% of the fare, or to reach a round figure depending on the service and the restaurant standard(for that check out the price of the least expensive fare on hte menu)15% of the billat least 18% or moreIn california it is pretty easy. The sales tax is 7.5 or so, so you just double the sales tax which equals 15%.. . When the waiter or waitress sucks, I usually go with only 10% and if the service was really really bad I leave a quarter on the table so they know.. . If I have one drink at a bar I typically gowith 1$. . hope this helps you
Boy... NO one got this right.... Bottle service is when you have a "private" table at an event (nightclub) and you have one or several different bottles of liquor sent to your table (for a hefty fee of course). Ususally comes with mixers (cranberry juice, tonic, orange juice, Coke ... the liquid kind..ahem..... this makes you think you're special because you don't have to hike back and forth to the crowded bar to fetch a refill...Where they bring you bottles of booze to your table.  You don't need it.  Stay away from the alcohol.like byob bring your own booze. or they serve you and montior your intake from your bottle. its a slang .depends on what area your fromWhen you can bring your own bottle and pay a corage fee.
with your messenger widow is open click on the tinny tab by the place where the pic is to go and then select change my picture, then go to the browse and select where u want to get the pic from I<E desktop or my documents, and once you locate the pic u want just double click the pic and it will be put in your options then just select it as your pic in the window. add; you can access the my documents with the drop bar. good luckbelieve me you'd better not toLOOK FOR AVATARin messenger pm window,there is a head of a man,wich coloured blue,right in from of IMviornment.click on it,there will be a small space beside it,click on the space and in the window which is opnened,choose the ((share my picture))then push the select botton,and brows ur pic there,and press ok.ur pic will be showed in yahoo messenger.. i hope it helps!If u want to put upload it in ur profile.no one want ur phouto yar..LOOK FOR AVATAR. and listen to the other girlThe 2 above are true. Don't put your photo.....u look scaring, put some other one if u want to, but seriously don't
Let's put this up to vote. You can use the search box on the left side of the Yahoo Answers home page to find answers to questions similar to yours.here in wisconsin, a certified food supervisor goes through a course on food safety and handling.  here it was about 6 hours and a test that is then corrected- and if you get above i think an 80% you pass and you're certified.  i am certified... there needs to be at least one in every restaurant.
Decide what your goals are, specifically then redefine them as you go along. For example you may say "I want to lose 10 lbs in 1 month by eating healthy" then redefine it by adding an exercise plan, weights, etc.list out as many goals as you want... and then narrow it down. to set goals, make a deadline and you must meet the deadline.You can get well over 250 words on the US invasion and occupation of Iraq...goal . . 1: rid Iraq of WMD's  remember the visions of mushroom clouds the administration painted so convincingly.... . 2: Remove that evil dictator Saddam Hussein..gosh during the Iraqi,Iranian war (8 yrs)in the 80's he was okay by the US hell we sold him weapons..so as not to pick sides we also sold weapons to the Iranians.... . 3: We are bring DEMOCRACY to the region..forget the HUNDREDS of years of inter-tribal warfare and long lived HATRED the 3 sects harbor for one another... . Don't even start on pre-invasion ?planning? fired Gen Shinseki for disputing the size of force needed for proper completion of the war...then with too small a force invaded and promptly drove around high density troop positions to keep casulties down...most important goal reach Bagdad and topple some statues of Saddam and sleep in his palaces..WE ARE VICTORIOUS!!! don"t worry about providing little things like continual power service, clean water supply and continued security provided by their army and police forces.... . Now I haven't counted but 250 words seems a snap to write on the ill thought and executed war/invasion and subsequent OCCUPATION of a country that is no larger a threat to us than s ay...North Korea or Iran.... oh it seems that Iraq turned out to be nowhere the IMMEDIATE threat to our security than either of these ENEMIES!. Now The Shrub is saber rattling towards Iran..god forbid we attack a nation that is an open threat to our NATIONAL SECURITY..maybe in place of Iran we can attack and liberate Mexico..after all they are invading us by the MILLIONS....Plus we could attack from existing US bases save all the expense of moving men and equipment to some foreign location...We could conduct an all daytime assault war..our troops could sleep in their own beds at home with wives and kids.... Plus I feel confident we can kick the Mexicans asses pretty easily and speedily as well!!. . Why is it every time I write a lengthy answer "Spellcheck is having problems, please try again"? This one I am submitting!
Sushi .. and only by skilled Sushi chefs . if it is cut incorrectly it can be fatalHomosexual Aquatic restaraunts only.none in the usa...at least legally
You could buy a computer program called Rosetta Stone that claims to teach you languages easily. Or, you could go to the library and get a Chinese book.There must be courses available but it's a tough language i think you may need help of a teacher with it. good luck. You can always get a chinese gf and have her teach you.Find a sweet Chinese girlfriendIf home is China, it's a piece of cake.
They allow you to ask more questions per day, answer more questions, and rate and vote for more.  More than anything its bragging rights.. . Up at the top, where it says 'Hello 'yournamehere' click your points,  and read the next screen.  Pretty self explanitory.on yahoo??. well i guess the creators thought it would be cool to use points.to help kids add up points.. lots of questions and answers by lots of common folks on internet, trying to play game? together, look at each others question/answers. . super idea, I come back on daily basis, very interesting, read others remarks about questions.. really cool past time to help everyone from wasting time on tv, hate commericials, and learn at same time.. plus you maybe helping someone else, that is not as smart as you are. nice feeling when you see 10 pointer in your box,isn't it? . keep asking, we keep giving.. have good day.to ask more questions, and to move up levels.It's also credibility.  Since you get 10 points if your answer is selected as best, it stands to reason that those with the highest points can likely be trusted, and trusted to give the .... well, best answers!STATUSif you check my questions i have asked this before.. . you will find a lot of people on here like the ones above just want to get there score up even if they just type anything.. . I have come to learn that score rating means nothing .im just happy to help others
She gives you lots of eye contact, smiles, and asks lots of questions about YOU!If she smiles at you more than just politely.  If she finds excuses to come see you.  If she spends time talking to you even when there is no purpose for it.  If she invites you to events (even as part of a crowd).if she is playin silly head games ... she is not the women for you.  i would certainly approach a fella and ask him out for a drink or lunch if i was interested ... that kinda independece sometimes scares men though.stair at hey . and if she breaks her neck more than 2 times . go hollagive her your number and let her call you first.catch her looking at you..if u catched her for more than 2 times. she definitely likes you.^_^She'll acknowledge you.. . My husband says:  she'll play with her hair.Ask her!!! Women (well, okay, women I know) like being persued and will respect you for asking even if they're not interested.if she has her hand in your crotchIf she shows you a lot of attention for starters. Also if she asks questions about how you are doing and tries to find out more about you. If she seems to go out of her way to talk with you, spend time with you, that type of thing. But if you are already married, or  committed to another, please try to let her know,(If she doesnt already) by speaking highly about your significant other, that you are already taken. It is not worth the cost to let another steal you away if only for a moment.
aww.. how sweet. . ask her when you two are solo, and no one else is with you. And ask her casually.Make sure your ALONE when you go talk to her.... Don't be pushy. Ask!! don't tell"EXCUSE ME WHILE I WHIP THIS OUT"dont tell her to...ask her to go to a good romantic place have fun if all goes well and u want her to be your gf then that would be a good time to ask.walk up to her and ASK!ask her out if u like her it ain't that hard don't be a wussy about itask her if she has a b/f if she says no go 4 it! if she sayz yes just be like oh ok! then if she tells u who it is go ask that guy. Dont get into a fight about it but just ask! Then when she breaks ^ with him ask her in a quite,secluded place or spot! so if u need any help im here!you dont tell her you ask her.say, "get your coat love, you've pulled"Just go up to her and have some light conversation. Then ask her if she would like to go for a drink with u or to the movies or something.You're not supposed to tell a person to go out with you, you're supposed to ask.First, don't tell.. ASK? Make it very casual. Don't say it's a date, but more like.."Hey I'm hungry, let's go to ____ and get something to eat."  or  "Have you had dinner yet, I'm craving _____."okay how about asking her instead of telling her...we respond better that way.  Honesty is really the best approach because there is hell to pay if we find out you are lying to us.  Just flat out go up to her and ask her if she would like to go out sometime.  What is the worst that can happen?I agree with spookysickness, you need to ask
because they are considered special.. . Very special, indeed.It means that person is going to die later that evening...I guess I've never been to a fancy restaurant... every place I've ever been I've seen only one color of napkin on all the tables.Wow, I've been to some pretty posh restaurants, but I've never seen that before.I have never seen that.it means that your the black sheep of the groupI also have been in many fine restaurants across the USA and have never heard or seen this practice. I can not imagine any reason to do this and personally think it would detract from the lovely placesetting usually offeredNice restaurants usually match the napkin to clothes you are wearing. If you wear dark pants, you get a black napkin, but light colored pants, you get a light color napkin.
Hi, I hope this helps:. . Hvanchkara is a Russian red, half-sweet wine.  It is made of grapes of grades Alexandroly and Mujuretuly. It is recommended for pork dishesI don't kno but i sure wouldm't say it ! sounds like one of those VooDoo words!some non-english wordHipper Ventallating Anorkey No Crap Held Kooks ARAund they just didnt knwo how to spell AroundTraditional semi-sweet Georgian wine, hvanchkara wine is made from Alek-sandreuli grapes. Never had it, but presume it might be like Hungarian Tokai or German spatburgunder.
microsoft publisher,microsoft frontpagei know nothing about online.  but i've used microsoft publisher to make one before.  but, i'm not sure if that would help you out or not.Go to www.avery.com and type "menu" in the search box on the left hand side for templates.Eat out alot and write down what you like! It worked quite well for us. The Whistling Swan-- Stur. Ma.
Kimchi, also known as gimchi or kimchee is a traditional Korean dish of fermented chile peppers and vegetables, usually based on cabbage. The Korean word seems to originally have meant "steeped (or submerged) vegetable".. . In Korea, kimchi is a popular side dish but is also often used as an ingredient in cooking, including kimchi jjigae (kimchi soup), kimchi bokkeumbap (kimchi fried rice), and other dishes.kimchi is a main feature of traditional korean food. it comes in many different forms. most commonly it is made of fermented cabbage, garlic and chili placed in a big jar and left for a period of time to ripen. eaten with most meals as a savory.i think it is something like chinesse food!I love some of these answers. Whenever people say kimchi I automatically think of the cabbage that is fermented, not boiled. Typically it is combined with a pepper paste. There are literally hundreds of types of kimchi. There are some with anchovies and among my favorites are the kimchi with the radishes and the cucumber kimchi.spiced up cabbage, very good stuffboiled cabbage, smells like crap, tastes kinda goodIt's "KIMchi"...and if you like cabbage...and food that's spicy and VERY hot...it's eaten cold. . I LIKE it... . It's a good side dish with other Korean food.  (I think it's Chinese...but my Korean friend's mother makes it...so I dunno.)Its like some kinda Japanese seasoning baby girl.
Adelaide is a city not a state .... South Australia had probably the best developed wine industry when wine drinking became popular in Australia. This was because of the large German immigrant population and the suitable soils in the Barossa Valley.ive only ever known it to be known as the city of churches.
I`dont know .... maybe it`s mean: jam  es .i agree• James . comes from Hebrew and means 'One who supplants'.. . If a guy says it as if 'introducin' himself, den he's probably referrin himself to da James Bond movie as someone has already pointed out.. . hope it helped...James bond
While "high tea" is now a fairly dressy event, the term meant something very different not that long ago. Then, the 'high' in high tea refered less to a level of formality and more to 'it's high time we ate something!'. In those days substantial foods like scrambled eggs and tiny meat pies were served.It's wonderful, dress classic, enjoy. Very Lucky.Tea at  noon, usually it is business dress.  Dress, or slacks and jacketAs a Brit I do know about "high tea", usually taken around 4pm and comprising sandwiches (often the archetypal 'cucumber' sandwiches), cake and tea. Often considered to be a mainly female event (males still at work) and more social than formal.. . The idea of a high noon tea seems to marry that idea with a Western movie, so I really have no idea, sorry. From the name alone though, I'd be going in bullet proof armour! :-)it sounds like some sort of cowboy tea party,go in your chaps and stetsonIt is a very formal affair.  It is a time when high society gets together and gossips or discusses world affairs.  As for what to were. Dress like you were going to a wedding or Easter church.I think you are getting "High Noon" and "High Tea" mixed up. I believe high tea is usually at 2 or 4, I can't remember which, but it is a very fancy affair. You drink tea, eat cucumber sandwiches and the like, and chat socially. Quite the scene.
How bout em', right now I'd like to take them and throw as far as I can!!!!What about them?Funny you should ask.when i was a child my folks ran a bar and we lived upstairs.They would send Teddy the drunk up to baby sit us .he told us funny stories to try and get us to sleep and always ended with so hows about them apples!This is the first time ive heard that or read that in about 35 years or so.Brings back memories.Yaaaah, have you seen them NUTS!an apple a day keeps the dr away.... those apples?I LIKE APPLESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSStry grapesDipped in caramelSOMEBODY BEEN WATCHING "GOOD WILL HUNTING" AGAIN?yea?  So!!!
Because of the freshness of the rice.  Most burrito's rice is soggy and mildly seasoned.  Chipotle's rice is fresh and doesn't take away from the meat/cheese/salsa, which is the best part of any burrito.  That and your get to see it made in front of you, which is always nice because you know they haven't done anything funny to it.Probably because most of the selections there have an upwards of 1000 calories.because it is a yummy substanceThe Corn salsa, thats why, its sooo goodTo me it is so bland and un-spicy! Blech!Their ingredients seem pretty fresh, and the service is quick.  It's a nice place for a quick lunch.It's the best place there is.  That's all there is to it.  The food's the best.  Other establishments are idiotic cause they don't select tasty stuff which is also fresh.  Chipotle rocks.  I wish they had one in my town.  I'd be a happier person.
It aint that great ...trust me, you aint missing much.  Just go get some nasty, three day old, soggy tortillas, overly ground beef, bean paste, and cheese.  Put it all together and throw some taco suace on it, and wholla ..EL Taco Smell...Maybe because the stand-still guards can't stand the smell of sour cream and bean farts.While, I myself have a craving for Taco Bell every so often (I'm here in the States) you really aren't missing that much. You have such great Pubs, fish and chip shops and such lousy american fast food in the U.K. (personal experience). Enjoy the local cuisine or buy a packet of taco seasoning and knock yourself out!taco bell is not a global dinning chain as of yet. you see, to have sucess selling food in forgen countrys the resteraunt has to hire a hole new set of reps to focus on what that paticular country would like to see.. such as mcdonalds for example. they have hired people specificly to relate to the children in other countrys so that they can have toys that they want. they aslo specialize the menue. so that it includes regional foods. apparently taco bell hasnet gone up to that standard yet, just wait, i'm sure it will get there eventualy!. so if you really want taco bell.. then i would suggest coming to america for a week or so just to check out our not so great fast food!because ther are no mexicans thereMaybe because they dislike Mexican food there.Do you really live in England. I thought the English had more respect for their stomach. We will be glad to send you some of our classier garbage, oops , I mean fast food. Do you have a good plumbing system there? I bet you own some stock in one of the companies like Bromo Seltzer. NO? you should! Then if we keep up our end, you must promise enough customers to make our little business in the black. You need to realize we are not in the business of making a very spicy Yorkshire Pudding. Actually I like Taco Bell. Better you miss than me, hey!. See the English do not have a lock on all the best!to make you jealous.
If you also have string or a shoelace you can make a little bow and wrap the string around another stick at a right angle to the bow and then with a quick sawing motion you can spin the stick fast enough to generate enough friction to create a spark. Be sure to have a lot of little bits of kindling handy for when you fan the spark into a flame. Then just keep feeding the fire.Run over to the next campsite and steal some burning sticks out of their fire pit......Work easy not hard !methaine gas straight out of your assi'm under the impression that it is impossible. . atleast thats what mythbusters told meStep away from the computer pyro-boy.. Fire hot. Boy dumber than a stick.. . How many seasons has Survivor been on now?  How are you ever gonna learn if you don't watch tv?Is it to heat a pot of tea?
well this is a point lesss questons.you wasted 5 points for nothin.u r a human or r u.well anyway to say something about ur questions:we have feelings,a brain and lots of them luv sex.(not all)What does this have to do with the Dining Out category?another human beingsome thing like u.. Unless u aren't a human............ and since ur asking...............havent u seen one? look at the mirror pls......something like you. for another example its also like me.A you.You are a human.
Sometimes some girls are mean. Find nicer girls to ask out. Are you being polite to them when you ask them out?Theres Your Answer Right There, You Should Carry Yourself More With Confidence, Charisma And An Edge, Work On Your Your Reflection In The Mirror, If You Try To Merge Them To Quickly ToGether You'll Find Your Self Acting A Little Bit Like James Bond, A Comedian And A Nervous Reck. . I think Im Beginning To See A New Cartoon CharacterPerhaps you are ugly and have bad breath and no one in the whole loves you ! (shame)!Depends on the type of girl she is, not all girls are like that. She may be inexperienced in expressing her feelings and if she likes someone, puts on her defensive armor and expresses her feelings by putting him down.Keep trying, but politely! Girls like guys who are honest. As to why they do that, it really depends on the situation.your not asking the right girl(lady), how are you asking maybe it is your technique?Either she is playing hard to get and is expecting u to rise to the Challenge. Or she does not like you for some reason. But to be honest what may make me not to go on a date with a is if he starts to hit on me as if it were some sort of game.
Because your body is warmer than the ice cream. It is the same as when you gte out of a hot tub and the air is cool. Your body creates these bumps in reaction to the temp change. It is a sign that your body is shocked.because you eat the ice cream fast  Try to have it slowly next timeMaybe because the ice cream is cold. did you ever think of that?
Have you ever been to the Kona coast?  Breathtakingly beautiful, but not much land for coffee groves there... so true Kona coffee is a rare commodity.  It's just a matter of supply and demand.Kona is good because it's grown in volcanic soil. Try Costa Rican. I buy coffee (Chicago area) at Caribou Coffee. I don't notice a big price difference between Kona and other coffees.  Costco bean coffee is roasted by Starbucks. It's less than $9 for about 2 lbs. and tastes great.cuz its imported from hawaiiit is grown on the highest part of the volcano in Kona, Hawaii. It is a rainforest and has to have special temperatures and the right amount of rain fall. It is about $20 or more a pound. the kona coffee here in the U.S. is a blend of 10% kona and 90% regular coffee, that's why it's so cheap.it is a fashion ,Kona is from hawaie,it is a good koffee and comes into the speciality market they are also very exact with their processing and fermentation of the beans ,and they roast just before the first craCK,WHICH MAKES IT VERY SMOOTH TASTING,they got the price because of their consistency in quality the farmers of various plantations use the SAME PROCESSING. . there are other koffees that are just as good but they are not as famous and havent got the brand nameBecause it's imported from Hawaii, also because its industry waste alot of material and money doing it, you can buy a lb of Kona Coffee for $30 minimum as i heard...I believe because it is imported from a lonely state of Hawaii.
warm 78 degrees, the sun is heading for the western horizon. there is a golden glow on the plants. where am I? south floridaYea!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I got to go outside without a coat on yesterday and it is supposed to be better today. How about your weather?Snow blowing sideways, temp of 18 degrees.will it rain , will it snow , will it shine , we dont know , the clouds are in the skyIt's dreary and drizzling hereit's rain in here..Hungary - Here it’s just stopped raining, but it’s relatively warm (15-20°).hotalways hot and wet in singaporeBalmyi live in scotland and it is pouring down.HOT and Humid. . U must have  guessed where i am now.SUNNY AND 71 HERE IN NEW JERSEYit's fine, here in Romania. We're waiting for spring.iT'S RAINING, HERE IN THE UK. LIKE IT ALWAYS DOES, WELL ACTUALLY YESTERDAY WAS QUITE SUNNYit's a little chilly out but then again it is 5:20 am LOL what am i still doing up!!It's 8:30pm and my windows are still open. Sunny and warm today!It is soooo hot, like it should be in June ... my dog is so restless
According to the Taco Bell website, there are currently over 6,500 Taco Bell franchises operating in the 48 mainland United States. Over 280 franchises operate in the U.S. states of Hawaii and Alaska, the U.S. insular areas of Guam and Puerto Rico, and other countries, including Canada (except the province of Quebec), Aruba, the Dominican Republic, Chile, Costa Rica, Guatemala, Ecuador, and many countries in Asia and Europe.. . The only "European" locations are on US military bases.... They tried a few in London, but they didn't go over well.if there's not there should beEuropeans like to eat good food.Europeans have better taste, I hope they do anyway.cuz they dont like slop in a tortilla.
First of all all chinese restaurants have the same exact stuff..all have lo main, chow mein, sweet and sour chix and the like. The key is the specials that they offer..the chef specials.  THat is where the expereince of the chef showsDoes the food taste fresh?  Are the egg roll wrappers heavy and greasy or light and crisp. Can you actually taste the filling or is it bland? Are the vegetables crisp and fresh or limp and cooked to death.  . . Hinsdale, IL (west of Chicago) has a restaurant called Hua Ting. It's fabulous!ask those around where you live....you'll get good advice and it'll be close too.that is easy ,look where all the chinese people are going.. they know.. . if it is full of chinese people it is a good chinese restaurant ,that is what i do for any foreign restaurant. . if you want good spagetti look where the Mob eats.you go by how funny the name isGo to a Chinese Restaurant and ask if they have a "Chinese Menu", if they do then its a real Chinese restaurant with a head chef that actually have some skill. If not then it's your typical Americanize junk food style Chinese where the head chef that's either not Chinese, no skills, or a combiniation of the twoYou look at empty the restaurant is. If you can get a tabel right away, move on...Try the Yellow Pages, or look it online... Also if you have friends, or neighborhoods from China they can suggest you one.go in and try it, there's not really any other way to tell. looks alone won't determine the taste of the food, just go and try itYou go and try all of them and then base your decision on whats the bestI would check the restaurant ratings on cityguide.com
thin layer upon layer of buttery dough.it's the consistency of the bread, that's all.Air in the dough. When it is baked, the air creates a flaky crust.They are either baked to long or not sealed right. When you cut one they should still be soft and not crumble to loose its shape.they roll the dough out then put a layer of butter then the fold over roll again and put another layer of butter...They do this over and over and over....you would NOT believe the amount of butter in a croissant...So I the flour is fried...Sort of...Thats the best way I can think to describe it.because croissants are composed with layer and layers of dough with butter in between. very yummy. one my mom sister and i made baklava same idea very flakyit has to do with the process of making the dough. the pastry is constantly rolled out thin & spread with cold dollops of butter, & folded over itself several times. the fat in the butter then reacts with the protein 'chains' in the flour to trap air when it's heated & hence you get that pffuiness, & flakiness. you don;t get the same result if you use margarin or oil. My Mum makes her own (real) fillo pastry & it's the same principal...YUM!!
I say tip 'em what they are worth.  If they sucked leave them a penny just to make them as angry as they made you with their horrible service.  If they rocked give them 20 percent or moreYou usually take the tax and double it, that is what I have always been taught by my parents.  That is the proper way to tip and sometimes if they were really good you can leave a lil extra.  OR if the service is bad leave a lil less.15% Or More...It Also Depends On How Good the Server WasYour waitress make 2.13 a hour.  Makes it real hard to make a living on 2or 3 bucks!!!  I've been a waitress for 7 years and  it is real hard to make that money these days.  Most of the time the waitstaff has to tip out too.  So I say if they are a good server leave 20% to 25%.  If the service I bad leave 10%I say 15% or up to 25% if it was really good service.http://www.infoplease.com/ipa/A0193529.html. . Taxi/Limo Drivers: A $2 to $3 tip is usually satisfactory; more if he helps you with your bags and/or takes special steps to get you to your destination on time.. Porters: A standard tip for airport and train porters is $1 per bag; more if your luggage is very heavy. . Hotel Bellman: Again, $1 per bag is standard. Tip when he shows you to your room and again if he assists you upon checkout. Tip more if he provides any additional service. Note: A $5 tip upon arrival can usually guarantee you special attention should you require it.. Doorman: Typically, a $1 tip for hailing a taxi is appropriate. However, you may want to tip more for special service, such as carrying your bags or shielding you with an umbrella.. Concierge: Tip for special services such as making restaurant or theater reservations, arranging sightseeing tours, etc. The amount of the tip is generally dependent on the type and complexity of service(s) provided—$2 to $10 is a standard range. You may elect to tip for each service, or in one sum upon departure. If you want to ensure special treatment from the concierge, you might consider a $10–$20 tip upon arrival.. Hotel Maid: Maids are often forgotten about when it comes to tipping because they typically do their work when you are not around. For stays of more than one night, $1 per night is standard. The tip should be left in the hotel room in a marked envelope.. Parking Attendants: Tip $1 to $2 when your car is delivered.. Waiters: 15–20% of your pre-tax check is considered standard. The same applies for room service waiters. Some restaurants will automatically add a 15% gratuity to your bill, especially for large parties—look for it before tipping. If the 15% is added, you need only tip up to another 5% for superlative service. . Cloakroom Attendants: If there is a charge for the service, a tip is not necessary. However, if there is no charge, or extra care is taken with your coat and/or bags, a $1 to $2 tip is appropriate. . Tour Guides/Charter Bus Drivers: If a tip is not automatically included, tip $1 for a half-day tour, $2 for full-day tour, and anywhere from $5 to $10 for a week-long tour. Tip a private guide more.A decent tip is 15% if you are really pleased with the service 20% anythhing over that is excessivewhatever the hell you want it to be15% of your bill. But it can be 20% if your service was super.I say 10%-15% and all depending on the service. In Germany the tip is already in the total of your bill, but you can tip extra if you like.It is 15%.from 15% anywhere up to 25%(for great service)Just double the tax and round to the nearest dollar. That's what I do and it's a fair tip too.It's usually about 15-20%.  We just double the tax, +/- for service.it's like, 7-10 if you're in a restaurant like Chili's or something, a nice well known place and stuff, but if it's a really nice restaurant, it's about 18%. don't be a cheapskate, though, if it's over twenty, tip over five15%I always tip at least 20% A little more if the service was good. The servers ALWAYS remember the good and bad tippers. If you want good service leave a good tip otherwise stay at home. You are paying for the service remember that.I've heard that it's customary to give between 15-20%.  Personally, I give 15% of the total bill (if the service was decent and more if the service was exceptional).  The state I live in has a sales tax so my mother says it's 15% of the bill BEFORE taxes since the tax has nothing to do with the service.Tipping is for service performed. If the service is averagem 15% is sufficient. If the service was above average, 20% is warranted. If the service sucks, tip less or nothing. But remember, if the food is bad, that's not your server's fault. It's the kitchen's. So tip on service.
Well, the way my brother became a food critic was to take some of my homemade biscuits outside and used them as hockey pucks. It really hurt my feelings, but I put in a lot of very long hard hours and became a gourmet cookgo on line there always looking for people
Depending on what you're looking for. If you're under 30 and what to hang out and watch college football or baseball on a Saturday afternoon, drink beer, eat some chicken wings and maybe play beer pong; Down the Hatch is really good. It's in the village on West 4th between 6th and 7th. They have a special on Saturday afternoon from 1-6, it's $19 pp and you get three pitchers of beer and all you can eat wings.none, id have to say the whole city sucks, along with all the desperate jerks who live thereMcDonald. Must you drink coffee and wine?New York is like a mixed Chocolate, you got your Hard ones and you got your good sweet ones, go try out the PUBs or the bars near the 5 or 6 avenue and stay with in PAth or Metros area, you will also find that going with friends; you are more likely to enjoy and maybe you can bring a "one-night-stand"  i know i did ... Enjoy the greatest City in the Americas ! If you can't find the place just walk up to a lovely lady and ask her that you and some friends are looking to relax at a bar and try to invite her, your doing 2 things at once, so new york is a very resourceful place.I don't know,but in abu dhabi the best is in crown plazaRawhide . Small but friendly bar in the heart of Chelsea . 212 8th Ave
Then you probably shouldn't be having sex.. . Okay, so here ya go...Pinch the tip of it before you put it on, so that there will be room for liquids inside it.  Then put it over his head, and just unroll it...When you get it unrolled, it'll need a bit of a pull toward his body to be sure that it's on.  He might be a better person to do this, since he can feel how well it's on.Then don't have sex!!!!!!I think your mean to say condom - not cottom - And if he isn't willing to put one on then you need to tell him no for your health.This is completely miscategorized.  It shouldn't be in the Dining Out section.  Ewwwwwwwwww!Planned Parenthood is an excellent resourse for people who want to learn about contraceptives, including condoms.is this every what you do when you are dining out? or are you lost as to what category you are inIf you don't know how to spell "condom," then you're probably not ready for sex.  But if you are, go to http://www.trojancondoms.com/info_center/condom_use/ and it'll show you how.  I better get the best answer here for providing a direct link... haha what can I say, I'm bored.if he isnt willing to put the rain coat on his thing then he shouldnt get to go in the hole
Many reasons. love, or lust sometimes, arranged marriage, money, if they have a kid...because they love each otherTo commit to one another and show everlasting love...social conditioning you shouldn't have to get marriedI know some people that got married just for financial reasons. I also know some got married because the other person was going to kick the bucket and they didn't want to die alone. Oh yeah another reason is that some people just don't know what marriage mean so they see how many people they can marry before they kick the bucket. Then there are the couples which are 1 out of 100 marry because of real true Love.Because they're stupid.Ummm would you rather they marry cows?what do you mean by other people?? you mean other race??
"If you love something, set it free, if it comes back to you then it's meant to be.". . If he wants to go, then he's not worth trying to keep. If you want to let him go then you need to remeber that all realtionships don't always work out, but you can always take good things away from the past relationship and wish him luck in all his future adventures.my advice to you-drink heavily!I understand what you are saying. I fell in love when I was 15 and had a baby with him when I was 16 and he cheated on me and left me several times until finally it was over for good. He has treated our daughter and myself like crap through the years when he has been around. I have been married twice but up until a few years ago I was still in love with my daughters daddy. I always felt a deep whole in my life without him in it. But then I relized it wasnt so much him I missed or was in love with it. You never forget your first love and alot of times you wish for the simplicity of it. Being an adult and fallilng in love has a lot more responsiblity with it then teenage love so teenage love is easier. Now at 35, to me love means someone who stays by your side to help pay the bills and struggle through the day to day life and find happiness and the good times where you can. At 15 love meant someone who thought I looked cute. Big difference.There's a saying... but i cant rememba exactly how it goes.. But if you love someone, let them go. If they come back to you, then it's juz meant to be.. . Good Luck!you just can tell him&#92;her that this is too good of a relationship and you don't want to hurt his&#92;her feelings.know in your heart that if you let go and he comes back to you then it was meant to be and if not then you have done the right thing. it is never easy but sometimes the right choice is the hardestthe hard reality is if the person doesn't love you, then it aint gonna happen, it's hard and it seems like you wont get over it,you will, I promise it will get easier. good luckif you love thing let it go. if it comes back it is yours..... is the saying that was referred to.. If you love someone you love enough to let go,. that doesn't mean you can't be there if they need you. it doesn't mean you don't care it means you love him. and are willing to let go it means you are not selfish.just tell him u love him talk with him alittle then say your sorry and if he says what do yuo mean tell him your sorry for (how do i put this in a nice way?) dumping him or letting him go or tell him to fly free!Y should you if your in love. TRUE LOVE it will make it over what ever obstical. Im in love with a girl 1,000 miles from here and its been that way for 3 years.. . LOVE and God can conqor all
Just a sign of the times.  The cost of living (especially housing) here in San Francisco is so high that anyone earning less than $65,000 per year is officially considered "low income."  That means most of the people working in car washes, malls, and donut shops in this city are trying to make ends meet well below the poverty line.  I find the tip jars annoying too, but I am certainly sympathetic to the reasons for them.i don't tipping in some situations is good. i mean the person gets paid so why do we need to pay them extra? i could see if their was a large group of people eating at a restaraunt and there was only waitress, then you should tip, but otherwise... i don't think so.Now that you mention it I have noticed them just about everywhere (I'm in Utah), usually empty or only with a few pennies. I don't know, it doesnt make sense unless you are hurting so bad for business that .24 cents will help.I have no idea.  I mean, at a donut shop? are you serious?  That seems kinda rediculous.  It's probably where you live.  I have heard that the cost of living in Cali is pretty high.  THese people are prob'ly just  trying to make rent.Because those people live off their tips and want others to understand that they only make 3 to 4 bucks and hour.... I receive tips ...but I'm not a tipped employee so I do not keep a jar nor am I permitted to have oneI guess that is how they make more moneyThey leave tip jars out to encourage people to leave tips.  They'll even put a few dollars of their own in there so you will think that others have left tips, so it kind of pressures you to do the same.more money to SPENDBible teaches a workman is worthy of his hire...we should tip anyone who does us a service.. I think the going rate is about 15% now, but you should give something.. A lot of people live off tips and their salary is lower than regular wages.. Just think how good you feel when you give something.  It is better to give than receive.
Do you mean "emphysema"? If so, you can find information about it from the Lung Association at:. http://www.lung.ca/diseases-maladies/a-z/emphysema-emphyseme/index_e.phpEMPHYSEMA! is a very serious lung disease caused by smoking. people that have end stage emphysema actually feel like they are suffocating. they gasp for air-it is horrible a big price to pay for smoking!Emphysema: An abnormal condition of the lungs marked by decreased respiratory function; associated with smoking or chronic bronchitis or old age
Heat it up enough to try and scrape it with a putty knife. The residue may just have to be burned off so make sure you super heat your oven (self clean setting) and open up all windows. Unplug your fire alarm (remember to plug it back in).Put your oven on the lowest setting so the plastic heats up a little and scrape it off with a utility knife.I agree w/ sherapower99. I think once you scrape off what you can the residue will have to be burned off like you do when the grill gets yucky.heat it so its hot then skarp it outWell, plastic is highly toxic, so wear a mask and heat up the plastic again to get it soft enough to remove it.Then use a towel or something pourus to pick up the goo. Make sure it is all out of the oven before you use it again.have a new bf...I once melted a plastic cake cover in the oven. Not any real good ways to get it out. Just heat it up a bit and then scrape it off.
Prom comes at the end of the school year, homecoming is during football season and at the beginning of the year. genrally prom is more dressy than homecoming but either way they're both really dressy. basically homecoming-beginning prom-end. (of the school year)Homecoming is in the fall, more like a back-to-school type thing.  Prom is in the spring, usually reserved for juniors and seniors celebrating the end of high school.Homecoming is a day for school alumni, when all of the past years' graduates come back for a lot of activities and celebrations.  A Prom is a class celebration to mark their successful conclusion of the school year.  The only thing they have in common is that they each have a big dance party.Prom is a special day, and homecoming is a dance with maybe some week activitiesWell prom is at the end of the year and homecoming is at football time. Both you get dresses up for and both can be disappointing if you bring the wrong date!A prom is held in the spring and is usually for juniors and seniors in high school.  The homecoming is in the fall and a homecoming queen is crowned.  Homecoming also transfers over to college when alumni get back together.
Go to an Italian restaurant, take a camera, get some photos, show them to your audience, and say NOT!!If you are writing a speech, I hope that it is satire.  Who ever suggested to you that Italians are skinny is pulling your fat leg.I am Italian and I don't know any that are skinny. Usually they are known for being short w/ big thighs.some may be but most are notThey aren't skinny there food contains lot's of carbohydrates.they aren't!!! they eat lots and lotsa pasta!!!!!!!!!! and have u ever seen a italian run?!?! i don't think so! lol. . y r u writing a speech on this?? just wondereing...People in certain parts of Europe are considered to be skinny because they naturally eat "The Mediterranean Diet".  See the link from the American heart Assoc. for a description of this way of eating.i am guesing that they usualy eat salads and breads and not so much meat and have you seen how many bikes are there? I think they are skinny because they aren't lazy like we americans, no affense mean't.I am a italian love machine.  I eat only pickled pigs feet and moose ankles.  I am the greatest alive just ask my grandma.  I have to retort with a response.  Most of my italian familia couldn't fit through a door unless they go sideways.  Nobody can tell my grandma is my answer for me baby yeah.  Don't tell me how to live.  If I want to eat let me I will not be skinny for you.  . . Love me grandma. Merle Lee Lee HirtAH.WHO CARESItalians are not skinny. Who ever said that. Remember they live off of bread and pastas. I am italian and nothing on me is skinny.I have family in Italy and yes most are thin or of normal proportion. They don't pig out like we do in the states or like they've been portrayed, smaller portions. They eat healthy foods lots of olive oil ,red sauce, vinegar ,cheese, red wine.Some infos for you. . 1) We are not skinny but not even Obese. 2) What you call skinny is actually normal while what you call AVERAGE over there to us is FAT or INFLATED. . . One of the reasons, explained also by some European studies is that in the US people eat a lot of hormones while we here don't. Hormones are not considered dangerous in the US but they are in EU. They tend to let people overdevelop muscles and affect the growth in other senses too. . Another reason is that Italians in general (with millions of exceptions), don't practice sports. They prefer to enjoy life in other ways and that affects the body structure.They aren't always... some just have good genes.... some are just superficial and have a NEED to be the Italian Stallion/ Italian Bombshell...i haven't heard that one before.No crab, who says so?
First, take courses and become a professional chef, unless you just want to end up washing dishes in the kitchen.well, you'd need a work permit first, if you're not a French resident.  then you get a job just like you would here.  Start talking to people (preferably in French, as most French don't care too much for Americans that don't speak their language) and putting in applications.go to france, get a work permit, and beg for a job! lol, thats what i'm gonna do in italy
indian food is a wonderful blend of various spices giving it that exotic and addictive taste. i love it!A lot of Indian food is cream based. The spices they use and the method of cooking just gives the food a different taste. I love chicken tikka masala with a side of sweet naan. so yummy!It's not actually...it's pretty gross as a matter of factIt's all about Naan and that unknown green sauce they add on the side. MMmmMMmmm...Oh my goodness... I lived in India for some months... I ate and ate and ate such GREAT FOOD....and yet ... believe it or not... LOST 40 POUNDS!!!!!!!!  Any more questions?The different types of curry...mmmmm!All about the cool bread pancakes they serve as an appetizer. And the CURRY! CAN'T FORGET THE CURRY!
All the same things you would do for sunburn anywhere else, ding-a-ling!  And, pleeeease....don't try to get a tan on your tallywhacker again.hey are u a fagot im not i have a girlfriend u talk like a person who hates reality if u r smart u would try and say that to me face u r a looserFunny, Ball burner. Let the dog lick them, he's likes to anyway.. . Or. . You can take a bath in Apple Cider Vinagar, which smells the best and will help it heal and not hurt. Don't peal anything off just let it do it's thing.Cut them off..... . I guess you better apply generous amounts of lotion and hope for the best.LMAOuse baby lotion1. use lotion to. protect ur balls. 2. when u go out. into the sun why. don't u put on ur. underwear so that . u don't get burnt. down on ur ballsCUT THEM OFFOUCH--I have it on my back and shoulders,and I thought THAT was painful!Try Solarcaine gel.not sure,,but what i would like to know is,how the hell did you get it there in the first place ????I don't even want to know how you let that happen. Use a lot of lotion w/ aloe in it. . . Good luck, mandouche bag wear shorts when ur in the sunDon't let them get burnt in the first place idiot!what did u do go skinny dipingHA sucks to be youhow da hell did u get sun burn on ur balls...were u jerkin ur jimmy in the sun.....u sick sick fak....get a life manLotion.With lots of patience.yikes how in the world did u get them there, can't imagine how u wud be feeling, nvr been such an exhibitionist.
Because no one knows high school like you. Just kidding,I don't know some loser wrote it and that what he saw in high school, the kids always look a lot biggerIt's just a fantasy, plus who would watch a movie about most peoples high school years.....Because they are written by people who either went to high school years ago and forgot what it was like or by people who never went to or finished high school... simple as that...I think it's because most high school kids are unrealistic.  How many people can you hold an actual conversation with in your school?  And how many of them have seen the ''unrealistic high school movies'' and list it in their top 5 best movies?  Case and point.
Ham flavored turkey.  Avoid. Gross. Either you eat pork or you don'tturkey made to taste like ham
yes. yahoo is trying to keep you down! j/kFor new comers there is limited access of Yahoo answers. Its a kind of limitation. But if you reach the higher level , then you will have complete access(like in level 2).Then you can ask more question per a day. More over you will loose 5 points if you ask a question. So keep answering , to enter into the next level. All the best.It is just the level you are at.  Answer and rate more questions, then you can get to the next level and you will be able to do more!So people won't abuse this great forum.when you get more points then you get a higher level and have to do that so they have a blance of poeple asking and answeing.right click your points at the top and it show how many points you need to get to a higher level if you reach level 4 or higher you can ask as much as you want.Because you're only at level one.those are the rules!
Easy buying is online with Ticketek.You can buy them at the stadium (being a game against Souths I doubt it will be a sell out).. . Or you can go to a Ticketek outlet. There is one in Brisbane CBD at the Myer Centre (Queen Street Mall).The match won't sell out so you could just buy tickets at the stadium. It's early in the season and it's the Rabbitohs so you will get tickets easily!www.ticketek.com.au Event selector, Keyword-NRL, Sports, Brisbane. Or check out Broncos website through www.nrl.com.au
chick fat is yellow. The fotch is street talk for the area between the legs so I would assume that it is the part of the chicken between the legs.A fotch is actually a lemon that you shove up a chicken's butthole.
a guy with mouth . . . yet no balls.Go to a party - it may be a smashing affair!!Buy a hooker.  Go to a club and pick up some chick.  Jesus, are you ignorant.You can go to this site: http://sandiego.craigslist.org/ post a little about you and what you are looking for, you are sure bound to find someone, I did..:)
They do 2 or 3- the "official" inspection (announced) and one before and one after that aren't. That way they compare the "best" with "normal operations". Plus, it wouldn't matter- these guys get bribed anyway.Probably because if they didn't tell the restaurants they were coming, then all the restaurants would be closed down due to failing their state inspections!They don't let you know in New Zealand.they don't suppose to notify the restaurant before they are coming. as a rule, the restaurants can gage within 2-3 weeks because the inspector has certain routes he takes. sometimes they do surprise visits but not often. sounds to me the restaurant/restaurants have a little deal with the inspector if he/she is telling them a specific date.in Australia they basically show up anytime they like and they are quite strict and usually its 2 at the same time so you cant corrupt themYeah, that kind of pisses me off too.  I worked in a yucky restaurant, and then like a day before an inspection, they would go crazy cleaning it perfectly, then like a week later, back to being yucky.  SOmetimes, when we'd get mad at the company, we'd joke that we'd call the health inspectors.It is probably stated in the contract. Most inspections are announced rather than unannounced. I work in healthcare and that is how ours are.I managed restaurants over 10 years and was NEVER notified of any inspections.....unless they were from corporate.Yeah, I wondered about that, but sometimes they don't let you know. That's when all the info goes back to management and a bunch of restaurants get closed down.I use to work in a pastry shop and the first visit was unknown the inspector always told my boss about the second. But, I guess the inspector figured hell we already are fining her we'll give her a chance to straighten up.
donuts are a staple of life... sugar, crumb, maple log, holes, strawberry, lemon curd,. chocolate..etc . . man cannot live without daily dose of that yummy, deep fried goodness...*drool*candigirl_lola has the best answerSo good and when there in your mouth you just waant to eat many as you can.Yummmy Donuts!!!!!!!!!!!!They are just yummy!!!They're not, they give you cavities!!!because they're covered in melted crack.b'cause it's bad for healthEww no they're not! They're like fat fried in fat. They're so gross and unhealthy.cuz they r 100% surgar and they r good w/ coffeI DON'T KNOW. WHY IS THEY?they are soft and delicious and they melt in your mouth, ummmmmbecause there is sugar and you are addicted to itDonuts have ruined your mind, do be gramatically correct your question should have been -- Why are donuts so good?oh yes they are! They are good because they are so sweet and easy to eat! Krispy Kreme is the best no doubt and thats because they have a secret ingredient.........potato dough!!!!Sugar , fat , sweet how can u lose?It's a sugar jolt, they have what folks in the industry call "good mouth feel" and they fill you up quite nicely.Unless they are Krispy Kreme. they all suck. Krispy Kreme Rule!
The Late dave Thomas was the founder of Wendy's.  He tried the name of his kids and settled on the name of his adopted daughter Wendy.It's named after the Wendy's dude's daughter.Dave Thomas' Daughter, Wendy, is who it's named after.Wendy's was named after the founder's (Dave Thomas) daughter.It's named after Dave's daughter Wendy, his other restaurant chain "Ryan's Steak House" is named after his son.The owner daugther and don't what happen to her.a*s flute was taken by another restaurant, Mexican i think, so he has to fall back on his daughter name.... . luckily it kept the theme...
Have a good looking girlfriend ask him to have sex with her. No matter what he says, you have your answer.U CANTWell if u guys can look into each others eyes when answering , then it should be a honst answer..... Ever since I was little when they want tocheck if I was beeing honst they had me look at them with a straight face and look it there eyes.... if i could do it then i was being honst..... Hope this helpsyou dont.. that's what's hard about relationships.. . . just try to ask lots of questions and keep track of the answers making sure they make senseask him first and if he dosent stop to think of an answer than hes honest but if you another would be to let your gut to let you knowYou know he is honest if you can ask him a question he is ashamed or embarrased to answer that you already know the truth too (but he can't know you know the truth) and see what he says.I would kick him in the crouch if I were you.If you have a gut feeling that he isn't...then go with your gut.If there is no honesty and trust between the two people, there never will be a healthy realtionship. If you really wanna know just follow him.. But do you really wanna ruin the time you have with him by making yourself paranaoid and miserable??There is no way to really know.  The only thing you can do is TRUST him until he gives you a reason no to. Innocent until proven guilty.you need to be more specific. what's the problem?you have to trust that he is being honest.  trust is HUGE in a relationship.  If you don't trust him... then maybe the two of you shouldn't be together.About what? More info needed.....He's not..Well since you didnt give any examples of why you would feel he isnt then I am going to assume that you are just asking in general and do not have any reason to wonder.. In that case you just have to learn to trust. Trust is one of my most important things in a relationship and if you can not trust some one then there is no hope for a future. . Also if you can not trust them and they have not given you a reason not to then you need to figure out what inside yourself is making you not trust.Why are you suspecting him?Just ask him, or make him swear, and if he is not honest his Dick will rot.
not quite formal not quite casual. black pants dressy top for a girl. jeans going out top for boyno jeans or trainerslong trousers, no jeans , no trashy tshirts, perhaps a shirt with no tie - smart casual ! like chinos and shirt .
If the restroom is dirty, the kitchen probably is also.  I wouldn't eat there.They want to be shut down.  Do them a favor and call the health inspector.because they're LAZYThe wait staff and the kitchen staff use them, too. If they are that unsanitary, I'd call the Health Department and complain.That's because they would need to hire someone on full-time to keep the restrooms clean. Which adds up to their overhead. That's why it's called a business.because... the restrooms are just gonna get dirty again anyway :pSometimes its very busy and they are focusing on the customer and simply don't have time to clean the restroom. Although some places are just dirty and if the restroom is dirty consistantly I would consider not eating there anymore. Because if they can't manage to clean the bath what else can't they manage to clean?. Hope I helpedBecause they are nasty and it says a whole lot about their business.. I avoid those places!!!It should be a law. If they do not cleant the restroom I report them to the Restaurant Society.some people do not like to clean restroom but they say they did but they really did not do it so look before you set downI used to work at a restaurant, and believe me, if the bathroom is dirty, then the kitchen area is worse. Generally where they keep the food is going to be pretty clean, but where the fix it will be hideous.they're supposed to...there is a health code. But they don't all do it. WHY? laziness is my guess.Oh Lawdy!I don't know!It's disgusting and I always complain.I usually manage to get something off the bill for a filthy toilet.Report them as well to Health and Safety.
Hugos is overrated. Arthurs in Paddington is better. Delicious, generous toppings, always fresh, and nowhere near as pretentious as the Hugos crowd.Hugo's Pizza, Kings Cross, hands down.  Pizzas are thin and crips, the toppings are generous, the atmosphere is great (try sitting outdoor when the night is nice and balmy) and the prices are reasonable.  Beware of the queues though, this place is really popular on Friday and Saturday nights!Bar Reggio.  . 135 Crown St, East Sydney . (02) 9332-1129. . It is a great base and the ingredients are fresh and delish!. . Also nice and cheap and the atmosphere is great.Hugo's won the best pizza in the world competition so I think it can be said to be the best in Sydney!Lino's Pizza in Kingsford, near Souths Juniors League Club. . 590 Anzac Parade. tel: 9314 1440. . their pizza crusts are not too thick and not too heavy. The taste is fantastic! Mostly traditional pizzas, not gourmet type. They also have lasagna, spaghetti and slads.. . . Eat in or takeaway. Limited delivery areas . sun-thurs 5.30-10.30pm. fri & sta 5.30 - 11.30. Closed mondays!Yes, I think Hugo's Pizza in Kings Cross is great too! But it's a pretty 'trendy' spot on Friday and Saturday so watch out!
A few reasons.... -portions are usually a little larger at dinner. -the linens are usually better quality at night (linen vs. paper), so it costs the restuarant more money . -it is busier so there are more staff members thus more overhead. -people spend more time at dinner thus a lower turnover of tables than at lunch... the owner has to compensate for the loss in revenuewell the real reason is the portion size is slightly larger. but from an economics outlook its willingness to pay. at night more people are out on a date so they are willing to pay more for the meal as they are enjoying it more.a dinner portio size 4 dinner is larger and its the last meal of the day! until 2marrowThe portion size is typically larger on the dinner menu.Mainly because people are in school and at work during lunch time. So the restaurants have to lower prices to try to get what customers they can. At dinner time.. most people are home... And can go out to eat, Whereas lunch your limited to one hour.It's usually not the same portion size....Therefore it's more expensive at dinner time because there is more of the food.Way to go Kelly you hit the nail on the head.The reason I think that the dinner menu is more expensive is because there are more people at dinner so the restaurants can make more money. What usually happens is one of the family members will go there for lunch and enjoy it so much that they recommend it to family. That's where the restaurants make their money.I think that the older people eat out at lunch, and the eat smaller portions. It is geared more toward them than the business class and the younger set.Probably because more people eat out at dinner time. Higher demand means paying more.I am a cook at a nice cafe. The reason is that the portions re smaller for lunch so we chaarge less.
Because I am not the best cook.. okay that is being nice.. I try hard but it never really tastes good...still to nice.. im a rotten cook... and well if you eat out.. you dont have to clean the mess...because you don't have to cook itCause there is no preparation or cleanup with eating out.If you're a single mom like me, there's no cooking or cleaning.basically, there's no preparation and no cleanup. all you have to do is eat. plus you get to try different things that you might not necessarily make at homeBecause you dont have to cook, clean dishes, and somebody serves you. Plus restaruant food doesnt taste the same as food cooked at home. Ive wondered the same thing too.For me:. . Somebody else prepares the meal, serves the meal and cleans up after the meal.  Plus, there is a change of food choices (I tend to cook "the same ole, same ole") and scenery.other people cook your food and bring it to you.first of all you cant eat in well any ways my anwer is because you dont have to cookSome people are very busy and don't have the time to cook dinner. Others claim that they can't cook well. However, most restraunt foods are fatty, making them taste better. Home cooked meals are usually healthier, decreasing in flavor. Usually.More enjoyable to eat in a social atmosphere than at home unless you have a big family.No cooking,or cleaning and who wouldn't want someone else to serve them and tend to there every need!beacause theres no hassle to cook food and clean it up after wards!Cause it puts ya in a good mood, getting out and having somone doing it for ya.other people make the food...other people set the table...other people bring you the food...other people pick up your mess...you just have to pay.No cooking and no cleaning.the dishes and preperation look so good they say we eat with our eyes first then our stomach. plus these people that cook are professionals and trained very well the food ends up tasting like something we wish we could make at homeNo cleaning, no cooking and the food is more tasty!!!
they do that so you won't sit there -- drink soda and chat. They want you to eat and leave so they can seat someone at that table.I was in Kuwait and they charge for refills at McDonalds that was strangerestaurant's make most of their money on soft drink sales.. it costs like eight cents for a glass of soda but they charge way more..  more expensive restaurant's expect their clientele to have money and not care while "family dinning" places know you wont drink enough to make up the differencehell where i live all the mexican restarants charge for refills also. its a bunch of bull crap.Why do they charge for plastic bags in  Russian stores? I mean those supermarkets situated directly in Russia...i guess it wouldnt matter to people at expensive resturants cause they got money but at the cheaper places which serve the poorer people it might make sense to give em free refills so that way they come back, but its just speculation
Corkage is a way to make more money.  They need to make sure meals are not too much over the average price, so they find other ways to get more from patrons.. . If I wasn't drinking my BYO I would drink water, so they wouldn't be getting anything less out of me!Because its not just about the fact that they are openning the bottle for you, they need to make up for the beverage you would have purchased had you not brought your own.
Your heart beats louder, and faster (it feels like it), you smile when you think about him, you hate being apart, he makes you feel like a million dollars.  He feels the same about you.Wrong category.You're compatable, you get along, he makes you feel good.When you miss him anytime, and can't live without him. He'll be your one.u just know it..deep down sumwhere it hits you i guess..he will be able to make u so happy that u will never wanna frown or be sad or watever ever !!and even in the middle of the nyte u will just want to tel him that u love him..and u wnt ever feel alone even if u never did..but u hav this feeling oof safety and love...that u jst wanna hold him close and neverlet go...Butterflies in the tummy, your heart beat picks up the pace, you think about him all time he isn't with you, when you are together, you cherish every moment.he would be honest to you, no matter if you like his reaction or not he will show you what he really is.he will not lie to you about himself and his situation. he won't exaggerate anything. and he will not force you to "do"s and "don't"s.Things just feel right: in your heart, your body, your soul, your mind. You don't question it. It is just there.when you enjoy having sex with him or satisfies youits the feeling that u get its different for everyone...but u just know it....its kinda hard ill say it was for me and i understan u 2!! good luck...for me it was the fact that i could talk to him easliy, was able to get me out of my head and just have a little fun. we just connected. hard to explain that. and he just happens to be my oppisite. He's the eternal big kid sort of speak and pesimist and i am the opptimist and adult. go figure.  And I love him completely no if ands or buts about it.He shows his caring for you, without needing to be overly attentive or fussy.
Well...you don't have to...you could just be a really stinky, wet, dirty chick and you'd have no friends.. . Also, we'd explode (or actually get sick and slowly die) if we didn't expel our waste.. . But, I guess technically, we don't HAVE to go to the bathroom as even women can pee and poo outside.You apparently don't, clearly you're full of ..it!dont go 2 the bathroom.use ur backyard.if thats wat u prefer!! hehehe.dont ask dumb questions.have u never used a bathroom before?ONLY A COMPLETE MORON  WOULD ASK SUCH A QUESTION. . . YOU DIPSHIT!It is the bodies way of removing unusable nutrance and products expelled from cellular exchange before they become rancidIn England we go to the lavatory. If we didn't we would be so full of toxins we would be dead. Luckily both of our cultures allow us this release through the back passage. Spare a thought for the French whose only outlet is through the mouth.To answer to nature's call, have to bath and sometimes for personal care( exmples to shave beard or brush teeth early in the morning and before going to bed)we need to go to the bathroom in order we'll be clean,and free from diseases! also in order will be good everyday! that's why! simple explanation big impact!To let the liquid out of our bodies and if we didn't we would be like a water baloon, and just fill up, and a be so fat, that's why. I hope I'm of any help to you.. Have a good day.. Sarah!We don't...but it's less messy if you do.to answer nature's call, to clean ourselves, to have bath and sometime to do notorious things.To get rid of our bodys waste.Because its unacceptable to go in our pants. LOL
Peanut butter works amazingly for me.  Just grab a piece of bread put some peanut butter on, gobble it down, and then drink a glass of milk to wash out the peanut butter.  You should feel better in no time.. . Best answers are great(hint)Suck on a piece of ice-cube or drink ice cold water. After a few minutes, you will be ok.Milk and alcohol help dissolve the active ingredients causing the flame. Eating rice after every bite of the food in question is also a good idea.bread or milkBread is best but if you don't have any handy, saltine crackers, and milk. And Bread DOES work....HELLO jalopenos!sour cream or a good shot of milk  creamier the betterBread and cottage cheesemilk to drink. sour cream is great for mexican food. Ranch for hot wings.sweet liquids work the best.  sugar counteractc the pepper.  water won't work since the pepper is an oil.  bread can also work to physically sop up the oil.milk, bread, cracker, or ice cold beerTry a teaspoon of sugar.To get rid of the burn, drink milk (although that may not be appetizing with a spicy food).  Mythbusters recently proved this theory.  My son told me once that he ate some spicy chicken that left blisters on his tongue and lips.eat an apple.     piece of bread. try some milk if you can drink it.anything that is starchy ar dairymilk. drink milk. bread doesn't work. water just makes it hotter.a shot of tequilla will take care of ityogurt works for me. i know what you mean i love spicy food toowhite bread or milkRoot beer...
The proper outfit for a Tea Party depends on how old you are and how formal ( or how fun ) the tea party is.  If we are all adults at a nice restuarant or Tea House, the pastel suit approach seems correct. Maybe even short white gloves.. . If you are 10 or less, i think you can go casual or dressy, or dress like Alice in Wonderland.a thongsomething like a sun dress
Dang at first I thought you had girls in the question and I got all psychological about it but if you are talking about grits, they suck.. . PeaceDepends on how much you like hot cereal and the flavor of corn.  Grits is sorta like rice, it's neutral. It could be considered a comfort food.  Could be one of the first solid food dishes for a baby, like peanut butter. . . If you put sweet stuff like butter, sugar, raisins, cinnamon, then it can be a sweet breakfast.  . . If you make grits plain but add cheese or ketchup or hot sauce, then it could be a lunch or dinner side dish.  . . Just about any polenta recipe can be made with grits.  So you can make it with herbs too.  Experiment and check it out.pretty good 9Grits are a 9 with sugar and butterwhat are GRITS?Its good with eggs and bacon... with butter and sugar.  UHMMMM  YUM_YUM!!!GRITS..........Girls Raised In The South. . I've been told that I'm pretty good.2grits are great. especially if you add a slice of butter on top. for taste you can also add alittle salt. we used to have it all the time with eggs, bacon  hamor sausage. it is a southern thing and we like it8 with eggs!!man,dog grits are the best morning hot cereal that a person like me can wake to every day.with but ta,jelly,and sugar I'm mean in the ghetto either that or cream-of-oats is what's happen. and that's real!My grandmother came from Louisiana so I grew up eating hominy which is kind of like a large corn kernel, and grits, which is made from hominy, We used to call them "hominy grits', but I guess now everyone says just "grits". For me they are a comfort food or a nostalgia food. I had them so often as a child, I sometimes crave them even though I actually prefer their cousin, cream of wheat. Sometimes grits are dull and flavorless. Then I give them a "3". But there really are ways to make good tasting grits. You can put cheese on them and bake them. You can cook them with milk and butter and honey. You can saute them with finely chopped onions and peppers and add tomatoes or salsa and cheese. You can even make a killer pancake out of them by adding butter, flour, salt, and honey or sugar and an egg and make a patty, dip it in flour and pan fry in butter until golden brown and then pat dry on a paper towel and serve. Here you can give a big 10.Very good.  7.875.Kind of like oatmeal or Cream of wheat.. . 1 - yuck!with a little butter and sugar.... 10 baby!!!!!Plain, 8. With cheese, 10.it is pretty good. a 6 maybe.what is grits.. is it porridge. if it is i love it.I don't care for them
to make yahoo answers my job.. . and turn theses points into money.World peaceYou, right now.Meeting someone who looks like your avatar!To live forever and experience the passion and enlightenment of both scientific and emotional discoveries to come. Oh, and to be healthy too.i'm not sure, but how do u do those hearts on ur name thingy...?My fantasy is to fall in love, get married on the beach at sunset, buy a house on that beach, have kids, and live a long happy life with my husbandmeeting and marrying my soulmateWhat??????My fantasy is to win a million dollors and find a true love and live in a 3story house with 5 cars!My fantasy is to flight. Could I ever be able to flight? . Bye!
a spoonvery carefully its hot... but yummy..... cook you oinons in a beef broth add 2 table spoons of cooking sharry... poor in a bowl and add a slice of garlic bread and put provalone cheese over it melt the cheese in a broiler and eats away..........use a spoonWell, you would probably first have to take it away from Frebch.!With a spoon. . Cut into the cheesy Cruton with your spoon, make sure to cut your cheese string with the side of your spoon against the bowl and ALWAYS SCOOP AWAY FROM YOU.wu eat it with a spoon just push it into the bread and cheese to get to the liquid, there is no specific way to eat it.What is Frebch onion soup?????????SSSLLLLUUUUUURRRRPPPPPwith cheese on itWith a spoonewe i know what you mean eat it with lots of crackers and something to down it with good luck i couldn't do itever try a straw?  My kids dowith a spoon, how do you eat soup??Maybe with an Frebch onion spoon, or a regular spoon, duh, what type of question is that??
you should check out http://www.menuserve.com/. . they have thousands of restaurant listings by location and by cuisine.. . different than all the others that provide address and number menuserve also provides the restaurants COMPLETE menu !there's a Lodi, CA? Did you know there is also a Lodi, NJ?. That is where Glenn Danzig was from.My first suggestion would be to check with your local synagogue if you or friends aren't aware of a restaurant in your local vicinity. . . There's great kosher places on both sides of the Bay.Saul's in Berkeley is located at 1475 Shattuck Ave..it's more than just a deli!They serve full course meals also.It's the East Coast meets California!Great food,fun waitstaff & pictures of yesteryear everywhere!
good, very good, with so many ifs and buts!!!!!!!!!!. . You need to supply more info what exactly you are looking for.supervisor. department manager. duty manager. deputy manager. store manager. area manager!very good.  the economy is very good right now and everyone is buying.  so retailers are hiring.Great. The best opportunities that are about to come is the Retail Chain being set up by Reliance. It is going to be BIG. And if u can land one of the 400 CEO jobs avaialble, man, it will be crazy. You would be handling close to 400 crores annually. Wil get into the thick of Inventory management, supplay chain management, branding and what not. Retailing is booming. Go for it!!!accountant. you can get paid more. . but being supervisor isn't bad
Because they're confused. Most of the time its because their situation with guys didn't work out and then a female introduced them to it.I'm cute.  I'm not gay.. . And before you get too excited, I'm married :)Im cute and im not gay. But I believe it is usually because of past relationships. Nowadays men don't treat women like they should be treated. And females aren't the only ones who are cute and gay. Just like one of the other people stated below they might not be gay it might be a way of getting you not to talk to them. Just if men wuld try treating us better, we probably would not have to turn to that. My best friend is very beautiful but she is gay because she is scared to be in a relationship with a man because she was raped continuosly as a child and she was beat by her father.I know alot of cute girls that aren't gay. It is just a new trend to get attention in younger girls, they will grow out of it.most cute girls are gay either because boys don't interest them or because they have been hurt by so many boys that they feel a female knows what a female wants so the go astray. BY THE WAY I'M CUTE AND NO WHERE NEAR GAY.im cute but im not gay...im also single :-)For the same reason all the hot men are gay???I'm cute & not gay ~ I would have to say that most of the gay women I have met have been very manly, butch looking.  I'm sure there are plenty of cute gay girls out there, I just haven't met any yet.i could ask the same ? bout guysMaybe they're just goofing until they decide they want babies.I am cute and I am not gay. Maby they say that to keep you away. LOLBecause they try to look and act like adolesant. teenage boys.because we don't like man who treat us like dirtdo you blame them?The way their life was when they where grown-up,maybe the guys treated them like a nobody,and the woman knowns how we feel because they have been there,so they turn toward a woman then a man,it is the same way with a guy toobecause they like eating at the "Y" just as much as men doDid you ever think they might just say that so that you will leave them alone. It a turn down without making it personal.because guys wont stop flirting with them so they fake kiss in public with anyother chickAttraction is attraction. We are just in a gender confused world and what we do in our youth is experiment unfortunately as it seems at any cost today! There is nothing more attractive than that what is between a man and a woman. These so called cute gay girls just have no clue what a real man can do...lol"
Use Tarla Dalal's Ready to Make Dhokla Mix. Quick, Neat and Easy sumptuous meal :)purchase it from the nearest restaurant..Till now you get so many receipies, I think i don't need to tell one more now other wise you will get confuse.. . Good luck . Have a nice dhoklaif you want dhokla quickly .... then call your aunty /masi ... and tell her prepare dhokla for you quickly ... and whenever you will become aunty  in future then like  you some body will call you to prepare dhokla quickly....DONT EAT DHOKLA PREPARE IDLY SERVE IT WITH SAMBAR AND PUT SOMESHAVE IN IT U WILL DEFINATELY ENJOY.Go buy a ready to make packet or even better... Buy them...why work so hard ?? buy and serve HAldirams DHokla worlds FAv !! and do invite me :Pso simple. . buy from aggarwal sweets and serve it.. fastest way i think so.Purchase from stores . take it easy!!!!!!!!just provide him milk & dhoni will preparedIngredients. . Amount Ingredients. 1 cupGram Flour. 1 tbspLemon Juice. 1 tspSugar. 1/2 tspSoda/Fruit Salt. 1 tbspYogurt. 1/2 tspGinger Paste. 1/2 tspTurmeric Powder. 1/2 tspSesame Seeds. 1/2 tspMustard Seeds. 1 tbspCoconut Powder. 2 tbspChopped Coriander. 1 tbspCurry Leaves. 2Chopped Green Chilli. 2 tbspSalt. 3 tbspVegetable Oil. . Preparation. .     * Mix gram flour, 1 tbsp. oil, lemon juice, sugar, yogurt, ginger paste, turmeric powder and salt. Add boiled water just enough to make a thick smooth paste..     * Add soda or fruit salt and stir it well..     * Pour the dhokla paste into a greased vessel and steam for about 10-12 minutes..     * Once the dhokla is done, cut it into square or diamond shape pieces..     * Heat oil in a frying pan. Add mustard seeds, sesame seeds, curry leaves and sliced green chilli. When the mustard seeds start spluttering, remove the pan from heat..     * Pour this over the steamed dhokla..     * Garnish with chopped green coriander leaves and coconut powder. . . Condiments. . Serve with tamarind or mint chutneyhi ankita , if i tell u abt dhokala recipee , thn can u invite me for tht , i love dhokla . . dhokla is very simple to prepare . . u just take a prepare pouch frm market thn go thru the back written process . u will get a nice dhokla .. i am preparing like this only , ru gujji. this is rahul (v2mystic@yahoo.com)plzz reply mejust prapare the paste of Idli, then put it in a steel container & put it in pressure cooker. After that make pieces of them & then just fry them. So ur Dhokla is prepared but it will ot be as soft as of BAZAAR DHOKLA.yaBesan   -   1 cup. Citric Acid   -   1 teaspoon. Edible Oil   -   1 table spoon. Turmeric Powder   -   1 pinch. Salt   -   According to taste. Eno   -   1 packet. Sugar   -   1 teaspoon .    . . . Method:. Mix all ingredients except eno with water. Not very loose not very tough doe. Mix well until sugar melts. Put some water in a cooker. Greece a cooker utensil with little oil. put that into cooker. Put eno and some water in a mixture. Mix well again and put this mixture in greeced utensil. Put into cooker without vistle and ring. Cook it for 20 minutes. Give fry (Tadka) of mustard seeds and curry leaves and green chillis. Ready instant Dhokla.Serves  4. . Preperation Time  30 Minutes. . Contents. Rice. . Ingredients. 1 cup of rice. ¼ cup of black gram skinless (urad dal). ¼ cup of yogurt. 1 ½ cup of warm water. Salt to taste. 1 one-inch piece ginger. 4 green chillies. ½ tspn of soda bi-carbonate (baking soda). 1 tblspn of lemon juice. 2 tblspns of oil. 2 tblspns of coriander leaves. . Recipe. Dry roast the rice and the dal on medium heat for four to five minutes. Cool and grind into a semi-coarse powder.. . Put the powder in a bowl. Add yogurt which should be a little sour and to this add warm water. Mix thoroughly so that no lumps are formed and the batter is of pouring consistency.. . Add salt and let it ferment for eight to ten hours. Make a paste of ginger and green chillies. Once fermented, mix the ginger, green chilli paste with the batter. Grease the dhokla platter or a thali. Boil water in the steamer/boiler.. . Pour half of the batter in another vessel. In a small bowl, add one-fourth tspn soda bi-carbonate, half tspn oil and half tspn lemon juice. Add this to the batter and mix well. Repeat this for the remaining batter just before putting it in the steamer.. . Pour this onto the greased platter and keep it in the steamer to steam for eight to ten minutes. Check with a knife. If the knife comes out clean, it is cooked.. . Sprinkle some finely chopped coriander leaves and serve hot with green chutney.. . Chef’s Tip: You can also put crushed peppercorn or red chilli powder over the dhokla. It is best enjoyed with ghee if desired.Hi Ankita!. Here's a  step way to get dhoklas. 1. Start ur bike.. 2. Reach market.. 3. Buy dhoklas. 4. Return home.. But Remember to get the free green chilies with dhoklas because dhoklas without green chilies is like an ocean without tides.BUY THEMU go to a Sahakari bhandhar, buy a packet of instant dhokla and follow the instructions.Hello Ankita,. . Dholkla is quite simple to make if you use the ready mixes. They give instructions and is very easy. I prefer Gits mix. I would like to share my experiance. When my wife was expecting, she always wanted to have Khaman-Dhokla & our cook wasn't always available. I found that making Khaman-Dhokla was very easy if one uses the ready mix. I did so & could make wonderful Dhokla.. . I am sure that you don't need any help. Just follow what the manufacturer mentions on the pack.. . Kumarmake it with instant mix quiklythis recipe is for the white dhokla. now a days ready dhokla batter is available in stores get 1 kg batter n add . 1 table spoon oil . salt as per taste. add chilly paste. and add 1 tea spoon of baking soda . mix all this well n spread it in a dish sprinkle some pepper powder on it and keep in cooker (1/4 filled with hot water in it n put on gas)for baking keep it for 10 min . n your dhokla is ready1 cup garem dal flour. . 1/2 lemon. 1 tea spoon eno. chili 5  Ginger 1 inch ,little turmeric n hing n salt. curd 2 table spoon. except lemon juice n eno mix other ingredient with warm water stir nicely  cover it 4 15 min than  put eno on eno sqes some lemon jus  u can c bobbles tan steer nicely take backing pan pure the mix  n steam it( backing pan put some oil on that ) later oil musterd seeds  tadka  some corender leavesinstant mix and follow the instructionsfirst make some paste of pulses.then take a bowl,pour the paste on the surface of the bowl.then put it inside the oven and let it to cook.
it's probly cuz your best friend is really close to you and sometimes pplz get jelous of their friend's bf or gf .    over time ur friend will move on with another bf and maybe u can grab ur man.. lol jk well if u dont feal rit cheating with her bf then u should tell her bout him kissing u and in the end if u tell the truth she will probly take your side.. good luckin skool? lol well if your still in SCHOOL don't worry about it at your age b/f's and g/f's don't last.have the same problemU don't need to do anything.
well the male sperm travels into the female through the vilgina and goes along the female sex organs until it meets the egg where it fertilizes it.when the dudes u know what stcks to ur u know what and yeah thats like mostly it.......Bon apetitIt swims.thru the opening in the cervices,  they swim up the Fallopian tubes and meet with the eggs  first sperm there wins .The sperm reaches the egg and attaches itself. The tail breaks away as it was only needed for swimming. The membrane of the egg allows the DNA from the sperm to enter.The male sperm cell swims to the female egg cell from the mouth of the cervix (where the sperm is deposited) and up into the uterus, where the egg is. The fastest single sperm cell (spermatozoa) penetrates the outer layer of the egg cell, and through a chemical reaction, the earliest stages of cellular division begin.It has to be a lover sperm cell.it  swimmswell let me tell you bout the birds and the bees and the flowers and the trees :O)
You won't know unless you eat it and feel sick afterwards.. . That's the easiest and fastest way to find out.  Other than that, have it checked out by a "food expert."Go to a nutritionist and tell him to check it for youFeed it to a friend or an enemy, or your pet
it comes true when you add the words "...in bed." to the end of the sentence.All fortune cookies are written by secret ancient masters of Chinese decent.  The trick to them is to add the words "in bed" to the end of them.  Then, and only then, will you realize their true meaning.i don't know. but i seen a cartoon where the fortune said that was not chicken you had.its just words on paper for me....it doesnt really work...srythere is no rhyme or reason for fortunes in fortune cookies.  Most are simply platitudes or common sayings.  By the way all fortunes in fortune cookies are typically positive so don't be surprised never to find a negative one.  Rely on yourself to make your luck not a piece of paper from a cookie.  Best wishes to you.are you a chinese?if not then dont believe,coz they are meant to for them only coz they are suck
You can re-create the past but life is a play without rehearsal.  You don't get to live it again.time flows only in one direction--forward.. . But here is a thought. Is the flow of time linked to the expansion of the universe? And if so and if the universe were to stop expanding would time stop flowing? If the universe started to contract instead of expand would time then flow backward?Time is a relative concept. Everything that moves in space has it's own time. As you move your time isdetermined by your speed. There is no 'general time' which everybody belongs to.Therefore going back in time means making a negative score in your own time.. . According to the theory of relativity, one method going back in your own time(the time measured by you as a moving body) is to move faster than the speed of light, which is impossible because the mass of any moving body is directly proportional to it's speed in a way that when a moving body reaches the speed of light it's mass will be infinite, and would therefore require an infinite amount of energy to increase it's speed any further, which is impossible(or rather mathematicaly meaningless). . In other words: Time is not a movie track in wich all the movements of actors and objects in the movie are recorded and can be subject to a rewind or forward operation, but it's rather like each actor has his own movie, which even if it is to be rewound (assuming that this is possible by some future technique totaly beyond our comprehension now) it would not affect the movies of the other actors.. So maybe you can rwind your time, but that doesn't mean that you would rewind the time of all other particls in the universe so that you would end up in, say, 1900.Accoring to Stephen King, there are "Langoliers" that devour events older than 24 hours.Because we can't, we can only go forward in time.u still believe in that. how old r u 5. did ur mommy give u permission to go on this website. ok well the answer to ur question is I dont know. i think because it is impossibleWE CAN'T??????????????We need a REWIND/FAST FORWARD button to our life.shouldn't do it. most people have trouble dealing with present time. going back in time, risking changing something could have undesireable affect on future.because no ones invented a time machinethere is a theoretical way to travel thru time.  if you were to take a wormhole, and move one end very close to a black hole (this is not a body part, it's a collapsed star) since time moves slower in heavy gravity, time would pass normally at the other end. do that for a week.  move the end away from the black hole, and one end of the wormhole is a week earlier than the other.  problems with this method include, but are not limited to, the energy required to open a wormhole big enough for anything to pass thru is greater than the entire energy that exists in the universe.would you really want to go back in time and live the bad over?. . If you did, it would change the threads of time for many others in the now.The answer is no. No one can go back in time because that would effect free will. You can only travel faster than time. In a sense you can go faster than time which is about the speed of the pull of a black hole. Then you would only meet yourself leaving to meet yourself. So the answer to that is no.
I'm sure M&M/Mars has a website, so you could visit it and see. Also try visiting the factory where they make them.This is a good question. I think it must be put in the chocolate block.  Never ask the vendor before but Mars is my favorite one.
READY MIX POWDER IS AVAILABLE IN MARKET.. FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS WHATEVER WRITTEN ON THE PACKET OF MIX POWDER. GOOD LUCK..You must got the receipe from this much answers.. It is very easy.. Just add some milk powder with little ghee, maida, a teaspoon of slamonila, pinch of baking powder. mix all well with milk, make small balls.. Fry oin oil untill golden brown.. Make a sugar syrup add the balls dip in it.. Leave for about 3-4 hours.Go and purchase it from tha market. Its easier that way.Indian Recipe for Gulab Jamun. 1 cup instant nonfat dry milk. 1/4 cup all.purpose flour. 2 pinches baking soda. 3 tablespoons melted ghee. 3 to 4 tablespoons milk. 1 cup light brown sugar. 3 cup water. 7 cardamom pods. 2 cup oil. 1 teaspoon vanilla essence. Gulab Jamun Recipe Directions: . In a large bowl, mix dry milk powder, flour, baking soda and ghee; using both hands, rub the mixture. Add the milk to the ingredients. Knead for another 5 minutes. Roll dough into small balls. . To prepare syrup, boil the brown sugar and 3 cups water in a pot for half an hour over low medium temperature. Add 2 cups oil to a small pot and fry the small balls until they are brown. After all balls are fried, reheat the sugar water. Add cardamom seed. As soon as it begins to boil, add the balls and simmer for 15 minutes.. When the balls absorb the syrup, turn off the heat. Remove the balls with slotted spoon. Stir the essence into the syrup and pour the mixture over the balls.. Serve hot or cold.the easiest way to make gulab jamuns is . .   buy nestle gulab jamun mix from the store..   Blend the mix with water. .   Make it in the shape of ball..   fry it in oil till golden in color.   boil sugar with water until get concentrated soln.   put fried jamun balls into sugar solution.   enjoy the tastecook.com just bring kook book. OR. 6 kg sarson (mustard greens), chopped finely. 1.5 kg spinach, chopped finely. 12 cms piece ginger, minced. 25 cloves garlic minced. 12 green chillies, minced . 12 red chillies. 12 tbsps gram flour, sieved. 6 tbsp butter. Ghee. Salt to taste. Method:. Boil both the greens till soft. Remove excess water and mash the leafy vegetables well and reserve. . Heat 25tbsps ghee and add ginger, garlic, green chillies and broken red chillies. . When the masala has been browned, add the mashed saag and salt. . Mix the gram flour in a little water and add to the saag. . Simmer for at least 45 minutes. . Serve, topped with a spoon of butter, with makki (maize flour) ki rote . reference materials. . . serves 100 people . . Edit   Delete
Hi.. I actually worked for McD's back in the 90' Cambridge ON Canada!!. s as a Assitant Manager...... And yes they did carrry PERSONAL PIZZA's. they weren't selling like they should not a high demand for them!It might have been a test-market in your area.  I can't imagine anyone would go to McDonald's for pizza.they never did i asked my boss and i have worked there for 5 years maybe in another state i live in mi.Because rats are no longer legal to serve.when did they serve pizza?  i worked there and never heard anything about it.I've never heard that McDonald's ever served pizza, but I know that in different parts of the country (and world), they periodically try to offer regional favorites to see how they sell. This may have happened at your McDonald's. Our local McDonald's no longer serves fry sauce *sob*.because like everything else mcdonald's make, it tasted like crap! licking the inside of a frozen pizza box was tastier.didnt evn no dey served it! wat mcdees did u go 2??What McDonalds served pizza?! I never knew that.They stopped offering pizza in the McDonald's "restaurants" when they bought their own Pizza business called Donato's Pizza.  Doesn't make much sense to compete with yourself, does it?I didn't know McDonalds ever served pizza...but they served hotdogs in upstate NY and I never seen them serve them here in FL...so apparantly they must try certain things in certain areas..I don't know why they don't serve pizza anymore in your McDonalds....guess not a big sellerwait hold up! mcdonalds serve pizza!!! where the hell was i!!! ive never heard mcdonalds made pizza....I never knew they did, was it good?I don't think it would be that good, if they where to ever sell it, probably would not sell well, compared to the burgers & fries & happy meals and I personally have never even heard of a:    McPIZZAbecause they're trying to create a healthier menu?They've never done that here.I vaguely remember them selling pizza.  I guess it wasn't popular and there is too much competition.. . I couldn't find any info about them purchasing Donato's Pizza, but apparently McDonald's does sell pizza in Italy.McDonalds never served pizza...at least not here in NYC. God bless you...I didn't know McDonalds ever served pizza.  Was it good?  I love Mickey D's!!McDonalds pizza was great!!  I wish they still had it.
Go back to the restaurant and report what happened to the manager. The restaurant worker should be reprimanded because he/she is not doing his duty. And also, it is unfair to the owner of the restaurant if you would not report it because he/she would lose customers if the restaurant worker keeps on showing the bad attitude.  :(Call back lster when the manager IS there and complain. Hopefully you know the worker's name.. . Of course, you treated the rude person with respect.talk to the manager!You should have waited for the manager.. You could also write a letter give it to the Hostess or anybody that would be trustworthy or willing to give the letter to the manager.. You could also..just let it go and if it happens again then make sure you report him/her.I would ask the manager's name from another employee, then ask when he will be expected and call with a complaint at that time.phone up and request to speak to the manager and put in a formal complaint.just ignore the rotten attitude!!Leave her a penny tip, boy do they hate that!!! We did that once and the idiot ran after our car screaming insults at us. ha ha ha hayou must not be American thou, the American way is that no one would put you down, call the manager and complaint about it and if nothing works don't go there anymore, by the way you should mention the name of the restaurant to give it a bad image here so the rest of us won't go...Deal with them in a good way, let them feel ashamed of the way they dealt with you.what i would do is not go there call the manager and make a complaintHave you seen the movie waiting? Kill them with kindness b/c they may do something nasty to your food.
Either the FDA/Food Inspector have not set foot into such a restaurant or nobody has complained to them.. . However, though very negligible, there might me a faint chance that a part of money they are generating is going to keep them away ;)ive been there, the food is ok, the place is NASTymaybe they pay off the health inspector?But they have one of the best Indian/Pakistani dishes in the Bay area.  Did you try their mango drink?  It's amazing.  I hope they don't go out of business.
Check out their website, they likely have one.  You can usually book online.Call the hotel directly or use a search engine and find their website..Look them up online? If not, do a Yahoo! Yellow pages search and find their phone number, then give them a call and ask to speak to someone in the restaurant.. . http://yp.yahoo.com/You can get ideas from the Internet and Yellow Pages. Try International Direct Enquiries If You Want Something Abroad. You can book anywhere, but, hotels overseas always require a credit card to guarantee your booking. Some hotels require that you have a fax machine to send confirmation too. You can ask the hotel for their web site addresses too, often these will show you a menu example. You can request these to be sent by the hotel direct too. 8 out of 10 will send them no problem. X
You have to be in lve to know how beautiful and how precious your life is!!!they dont. it generally happens to everyone, whether its loving a food or another person, no one dictates "you must be in love".. another reason... coz you'd be depressed which isnt coolDining out?you don't "have to" is only if you want to.. But is one of the things that you must experience as a human been at least one time in your life. The ability of love is what differentiate us from the animals.NOTHING BETTER TO DO...cause when u're in love, ur body sets free some chemicals that make u high :)..it's like a drug, and it's quite addictive... and because we need to have a purpose to live:)Why not?  I think life would be pretty depressing if we couldn't fall in love.because its basic human nature , One and it gives you so good feeling, its like meditation , you are aware of surroundings interacting with day to day things but focussed on only one thing ..your love. Nothing can get more obsessive (In positive   sense , i mean than love..its DIVINEbecasue if people were not in love then how would anyone no about like what love is like and I guess that people have to be in love because as some pepoleasy like oo he is my match i mean god ment to put u together and then they get a divorce the nexxt year then it  prob means that like one of them was  in love with someone else and that is created form like jealousy!!so yes people do have to be in love or there would not be any goodongon ever becasue if you have not noticed like all song are made from being in love or liking ome one and then they do because that is the way that the worldwas suppose to be I gues! just keep lookin and you will find  your perfect match!!They don't have to be, they're just glutons for punishment.because its so magical and god says we need a partner in life who we love
Simply ask.  I would recommend that you find out what he/she likes before asking.ask him.just ask em
Go here for answer . . http://www.marlerclark.com/news/chichis109.htmbad press after some bad onions. a few deaths from food poisoning can ruin a business!because mexican women were offended by the name. :)BECAUSE OF "CHILLI'S" AND "SOUTH OF THE BOARDER"...HAVE BEEN PROVED TO BE BETTER PLACESBad press about dog food being used for the meatbecause the employees don't wash their hands and lots of people got sick from that at the Chi Chi's up here, thats why they closed.
use your middle finger, index finger and you thumb. That 3 fingers only. Then when using chopsticks, put the one stick in between the middle finger and index finger, the other one is on the thumb (the thumb will support the another stick goin to your palm).... When picking foods, ONLY the upper stick MUST move....(the stick between your index and middle finger only) should have to move. :-)I like watching adult white people trying to use chopsticks when they clearly can't.  That's pure comedy to us Asian folk.I've spoken to many people on this subject. I think a basic rule of thumb is that if you are able to pick up food then you are using them right.. . practice makes perfect.Hold chospsticks, balance the food between them, move them, dump the food in ur open mouth and bring them back to your place. Its easy, just needs some practicePut one chopstick between the palm and the base of the thumb, using the ring finger (the fourth finger) to support the lower part of the stick. With the thumb, squeeze the stick down while the ring finger pushes it up. The stick should be stationary and very stable. . Use the tips of the thumb, index and middle fingers to hold the other stick like a pen. Make sure the tips of the two sticks line up. . Pivot the upper stick up and down towards the stationary lower stick. With this motion one can pick up food of surprising size. . With enough practice, the two sticks function like a pair of pincers. . Another description is to tuck one stick under the thumb and hold the other as if it was a pencil. Keep the one below the other in regular position as you move only the top stick up and down.Hold your chopsticks towards their end, and not in the middle or the front third. . . When you are not using your chopsticks and when you are finished eating, lay them down in front of you with the tip to left. . . Do not stick chopsticks into your food, especially not into rice. Only at funerals are chopsticks stuck into the rice that is put onto the altar. . . Do not pass food with your chopsticks directly to somebody else's chopsticks. Only at funerals are the bones of the cremated body given in that way from person to person. . . Do not spear food with your chopsticks. . . Do not point with your chopsticks to something or somebody. . . Do not move your chopsticks around in the air too much, nor play with them. . . Do not move around plates or bowls with chopsticks. . . To separate a piece of food into two pieces, exert controlled pressure on the chopsticks while moving them apart from each other. This needs much exercise. . . If you have already used your chopsticks, use the opposite end of your chopsticks in order to move food from a shared plate to your own plate.Plunge them in your hair. They would like nice there, they are in vogue.with great difficultytuck one stick under the thumb and hold the other as if it was a pencil. Keep the one below the other in regular position as you move only the top stick up and down.
Dose?  Are you referring to medicine? And why is this in the dining out category?Ever seen two dogs mount up?---There you go then----Heres your sign.No, pumping and sweating. Women on top is the BESTWatch a couple of dogs and get a cluejust go sucking and licking u joking
I fall in the floor and play dead until the waiter comes over there.  . and when he wakes me up i point at the belcher.. i look forward to people doing this because i always get a free meal out of it.If the belch is from someone at your table, i would object to that rude gesture and make them get up and apologize to the other diners in a restraunt. If it wasn't at your table, i would try to ignore it. It is a very rude gesture so that person will most likely get yelled at by their parents, girlfriend or boyfriend, or somebody who works at the restraunt.i can't hear it because i listen to Lean Wit It Rock Wit It on my iPodI stare at them and give them a weird expression.ignore it, their just tryin for attention or too piss someone off...then I go home and burp louder...I'm a pig-but you should pretend not too be when others are diningLow class!!!  How rude!!!if it's a good wall shakin, glass breakin burp, i'll compliment them :Dlaugh man ..simplest thing to do ...ha ha haSomething like that offends your hearing and your sense of proper conduct.  It is sad that a great deal of parents have forgotten about teaching table manners.  Of course there are adults out there also that know better, but could care less about those around them.  Any response is likely to create a confrontation.  Unfortunatly table manners by a great deal of young people and also adults is becoming a thing of the past. This also includes eating with your mouth open, it's more common than not.i make a point of turning round to look at them,in the hope that they are even more embarassed,lol,lol.Cheer them on.look at them with anger eyes& try to ignore themlaughIf I'm pretty sure they did it on purpose, look at them in disgust.  If I think it was an accident and they're already embarassed, I'll avoid looking at them.  Then again, if they were doing it on purpose maybe my giving them a disgusted look is just the reaction they were going for...may need to re-think my strategy.I roll my eyes and look at them.for me i am kinda a girly girl so i'd probs scream and go hurl in a bathrooomI laugh.Usually snicker. Why get all up in arms about something?I start belching with double loud tone than the belcher. He then stops belching.
you do it with respect, reverence, "honesty", and choose a time and place that is conducive to divulging that kind of info.. like over a cup of coffee / or / a soda                    or with a glass of champagne and a rose; in a nice quaint restaurant that you know that you both like....food and ambiance. use a table that's a bit out of the way so as too not embarrass that person / and / or yourself...[just in case it doesn't just go your way]... . ....if...by chance that does happen...at least both of you had a peaceful moment and stand a chance of observing some kind of camaraderie...good luckJust come out and tell them calmly and most importantly confidently.Just walk up to that person and tell that person you like them. And, wait for a reaction from that person or a response.just tell them you like them just dont wait till the last min.Say "I like you!" . . or - "you know - I like you!" (feel free to inset 'really' in front of like if its that strong!. . Just stop making such a big deal and production of it. The more you try to make it into a big production or supersmooth line, the more likely you are to miscommunicate what you are trying to say. Just becuase you think you know what you are saying doesn't mean the other person is going to take it the exact same way! . . KISS - keep it simple, stupid! :-). . And NEVER go around asking other people what they have heard/think - unless you are still in Jr Highschool. It just makes you look sneaky or coniving, and increases teh chances of blowing the whole situation!well,. if u cant tell face 2 face and u are embass to do so right it on a note or call them or tell them and wait 4 a answerChoose a nice and quiet place, take the person there and tell him/her that you like them, this way, both of you will have a special place to share and you'll be confident that there'll be no interruptions.Find out through a mutual friend if there is any kind of interest in you from that person before simply telling that person.  No one likes rejection, if the feelings are not the same...what a slap in the face that would be!WRITE A NOTE OR TEXT MESSAGE !!" Hey i like you!  What's your opinion on the situation?"just tell them dang
Best, legal and safe way to earn on internet is by joining paid survey sites. Paid survey sites pay you for your opinion on various topics. . Don’t pay for any survey program to join. There are many free to join paid survey like survey savvy they pay more then 5 $ per survey. Always check for on which site you are registering is BBB (Better Business Bureaus) certified. . Global Test Market. http://globaltestmarket.com/join.php?lan.... American Consumer Opinion. http://www.shareasale.com/r.cfm?B=18123&U=149647&M=4998 . Survey Savvy . http://www.surveysavvy.com/ss/ss_index.p.... OpinionSquare . http://www.kqzyfj.com/click-1952702-10386577 . Permission Research. http://www.tkqlhce.com/click-1952702-10386942 . onlineglobalrecruiting. https://www.onlineglobalrecruiting.com/register_htm.asp?refid=infoshine. Greenfield Online Surveys. http://gozing.directtrack.com/sw/1354/CD5333/ . Opinion Surveys. http://gozing.directtrack.com/sw/2160/CD5333/ . spiderMetrix.com. http://www.spidermetrix.com/sm120.php3?r... . SendMoreInfo.com. http://www.sendmoreinfo.com/3043150/3043... . Morvo.net. http://www.morvo.net/8621324 . . You can check the website http://www.dollarmantra.com for more free survey list, affiliate programs and contextual ad program, get paid for reading email & surfing the web and more earning recourses. . . Check the website for freelance work. . http://www.jdoqocy.com/click-1822155-10356603?sid=freelance+jobsBecome a CHEF.. . Eat like a pig in public.work more earn more. . wear red high heel stilettos with a miniskirt and just a push up bra with bright red hair and green lipstick ... works especially well if you're a dudeSleep More, Dream More, Earn More
No.  That's not why people go to Starbucks.  It goes completely against their brand image and would be a bad idea.no...theyre a coffee house not a frickin sports barnoNo Because Starbucks has always been known of being a quite place to have a cup of coffee and work or study in a quite atmosphere. If they change it as you say they will lose their main characteristicNo it wouldn't be agood idea for a coffee shop and an upscale one at that.I think that is a "Wonderful- Idea!" Where I'm from, Long Beach,Ca. They have these coffee- shops, everywhere, now. This is my home town, I'm talking about. Where I live now only has one Star Bucks. But, in Long Beach, they have tables everywhere!! A bar, music... They even have tables & chairs, outside, all around their coffee shops. And it seemed like alot of "Raggae-typed" people hung there. It was a really cool atmosphere! Even, the music, you could hear a block away! Good, Raggae-type music! Folks could sit & read there, or just mingle. I think for the regulars, they even had a spot where they made their own, coffee! If I remember correctly.no, because there are some people who study in starbucksI don't think so because people go there to study or talk and Starbucks is supposed to have kind of a relaxed feel except not at 7 in the morning when everyone is there and there is mad chaos.  There are plenty of other places to put pool tables.  A big TV might be nice for the news or they could play music videos of the kind of slow songs they play.That'd be gay. Then it'd turn into a sports bar, not a coffee shop. I go there for coffee and for studying and quietness, you know, and then to have it turned into any other sports bar? No thanks!That's an interesting idea but don't most people go there to study and drink coffee? I don't really see the big TVs and pool tables in one, but you never know it could happen one day.no. because that is not what the image they are trying to project. they sell coffee and not beer.NO, PEOPLE GO THERE FOR THE CALM ATMOSPHERE.  IF THEY WANTED A POOL HALL, THAT'S WERE THEY'D GO.  AND COFFEE, LATTE'S, AND CAPPUCCINO IS NOT EXACTLY THE DRINKS YOU'D FIND IN A POOL HALL.no. i hate seeing tvs in restaurants and bars! it pisses me off. we go out to have fun and be active.no  It's a coffee shop, not sports bar. I don't go to Starbucks to watch hockey, I go to get some flavorful go-go juice and see if their might be any opportunities in whatever from whoever might be there. It's a good networking place.
place your tongue on the bottom part of the glass and cover your tongue with your bottom lip, so it doesn't look gross and don't touch the top part with your lip.  It's basically like saying don't touch your lips to the glass (at least not the part of your lips with lipstick on them)  It may take some practice, but those stay put lipsticks make my lips chappy, so this is what I do.I lick my lips before taking a sip, but you can also buy lipstick, or lip stain specifically designed for this purpose.. They often do stain, or stay on longer than desired, but I am sure that advances have been made with them.. Good Luckthey don't. they just reapply it.They use a straw.they put on a sealent over there lips. right? i don't know i don't wear lipstick. dummytry not to touch the glass when trying to drink..All day lip stick.  Or lip ink it drys and don't come offthere is also no smudge lipstick that do not rub off and there is a sealer lip gloss that will do mostly the same thing  I don' t like most of them because they are too dry looking but they do not come off on glasses or anythingi think it is hot that a woman leaves a trace of her lipstick on the glass anyway..i think there are types of lipstick that would do the trick.. just look for them in the marketyou just doeasy they take a sip and wipe their lips. or they go out and buy that smuge free lip stick.
I don't make it. Its Dangerous for health !!!!!Hookahs are water pipes, but are not intended for the use of marijuana. There are four fundamental parts of a hookah:. . the base or smoke chamber, which is partially filled with water . the bowl or head, which contains the tobacco; the heating apparatus is placed on top . the pipe, which connects the bowl to the base by a tube that plunges into the water . the hose, which connects to a second tube in the pipe that does not plunge into the water, but only the air of the smoke chamber . These basic parts do not vary in function; naturally, there are any number of decorations or subtle variations in form. The heating apparatus is usually charcoal, but in Saudi Arabia and the Persian Gulf, electric heaters are common. The charcoal is usually placed on a metal mesh or perforated aluminium foil, but these are often omitted to produce a more dense smoke. The hose may or may not be detachable — simple hookahs simply have a tube into the air of the smoke chamber; elaborate hookahs have three or more hoses in a single chamber, with filters attached at one or both ends of the hose.. . Traditionally, hookahs have been ornately decorated. Some more modern hookah designs bear little resemblance to their ancestors. In general, traditional and modern hookahs have a very distinctive appearance and bear similarities to the ritually-used American Indian peace pipe.. . When a smoker inhales through the tube, a pressure difference forces air past the coal, heating the tobacco, which gives off smoke; the smoke is pulled away from the tobacco, through the water, and into the air of the smoke chamber — whence it is inhaled by the smoker. Passing through the water partially filters tar and nicotine from the tobacco smoke, in addition to cooling it.. . . The most commonly-used hookah tobaccos (known as tobamel or maassel) are produced using a 1:2 mixture of shredded tobacco leaf mixed in with a sweetener such as honey, molasses or semi-dried fruit. Originally, tobacco was mixed with one of these sweeteners to form jur?k (e.g. Zhaghoul brand), a flavorless, moistened tobacco. The now-popular, fruit-flavored hookah tobaccos got their start in the late 1980s when Egyptian tobacco companies began experimenting with flavored tobacco as a way to sell more of their products to women. Due to the popularity of flavored hookah tobaccos, many modern manufacturers have begun to use glycerin as the primary sweetener in hookah tobaccos because of its humectant qualities and subtle sweetening properties that accentuate the various tobacco flavorings. Today, shisha tobacco is often mixed with dried fruit, natural extracts and artificial flavorings to produce a varying assortment of tobacco flavors, such as apple, double and triple apple, strawberry, mango, cappuccino, vanilla, coconut, cherry, grape, banana, kiwi, blueberry, tuti fruity, Arabian coffee, mixed fruit, cola, lemon, apricot, licorice, and mint, which has a cooling effect on the throat. This proliferation of flavors is rather new, starting perhaps in the mid-1990s.the best place to buy the flavored tobacco would be your local arabic grocer or an online store such as. http://www.hookahbuzz.com/
Well, I'm HERE to get two points........... . Maybe ten more?boredwhy are in this earth?why we should come on this earth?well i will give you the answer.let me ask you 2 question 1st.do you have any religion?do you believe in god?hm...v can to this earth to help the Christ to finish his salvation so we can return to him again one day.other than that,we live on this earth to learn more things,knowledge and accept the challenge so we can be more mature and can grow.life is full of challenge,from the challenge we can learn more things.life also very short,just precious the things you have.you can go the web site and type ypur question in it.a quite difficult sought of question but i'll give your answer by saying for saking points(honestly)THE WORK OF THE NET BRINGS US EVERYWHERE . BUT IF YA MEAN LIFE IT SELF THEN I LIKE WHAT I'VE SEEN IN THE US FROM HER MOUNTAINS TO THE SHORE AND THE FARMS AND DEEP IN THE COUNTRY I WOULD RATHER BEjus for scoring points!The will to survive is strong. I have seen beggars in the street panhandling for enough to get by another day. Most of us would think they do not have a life worth living. But they don't want to give it up. . . I would say part of you, perhaps a big part, wants to be here, but you would probably like the "here" to be a bit better. . . I think that's normal. I am always suspicious of "incredibly happy" people. There is a lot to be sad about. . . If you're not happy with your surroundings, concentrate on the things you can control and change for the better. Find that place you want to be.here as in on YA? or here as in earth? i'm on yahoo answers b/c i want to help other people by answering their questions. i'm on earth b/c God has a plan for us all. :)To expect sensible questions rather than wasting time.
so the designated driver who is not drinking can take all home and for the employeesThey assume your bringing someone to be the designated driverit's free parking for the police carscause you have to drive to get there.  plus normally you're not drunk before you go, unless you pregamed it.parking is for the designated drivers.because you can drink while you are there, and drive if your blood alcohol is at a reasonable level, or wait it out while you are there, and then drive home. or for the designated driver. . bars dont have beds, nor are they open 24 hours, so you have to go home sometime :)well you could still take a taxi or have someone else drive which is good right because its illegal to be drunk in public too.you can drink and drive. you just can't drink too much and drive.For the designated driverFor the designated drivers (aka mugs lol)yea friends who dont drink can driveso you can park your car there after you drink since you can not drive after thatThat's a good question...Well I assume that everyone that works there isn't going to take the bus, especially if they own the place.Its called freedom of choice-- you dont have to do both and its better that you dontGood question.... its just 4 decoration. If u get caught by d police just blame it on em. Say dat u thought the beer wuz spoiled apple juiceFirst of all, not eveyrone that goes to a bar drinks. . . Second, MOST people are mature enough to know that if they drink too much, they will endanger the lives of others if they drive.  In addition, the laws are harsh for DUI's.. . Finally, the phrase "Don't Drink and Drive" is really meant, in pragmatic context, "Don't get intoxicated and Drive".  Of course, many people would say that even one beer or drink constitutes drinking, but in this sense I will allude to the legal drinking limit of .08 percent (in the US) as to what constitutes the level of liquor that would trigger the "don't drink and drive" encomium.you can drink one beer just get of the car and have oneFor the staff....where would they park otherwise? and for the designated drivers.
When you're young sex is a dream in the future.  When you're a young adult, it's a confusing mess.  When you're married sex is a distant memory.When two people fall in loveNice,what is SEX?.really you do not know.without knowing what is the sex you can not ask this ?. so What you know is the "REAL SEX"
My suggestion is get a real job so that when you get paID YOU KNOW EXACTLY HOW MUCH YOU ARE GETTING. aND YOU ARE NOT waiting on someone to pay your salary in tips.Jesus only ask for 10% and most people have a problem with that. And He died for us. All you do is get people drunk and let them drive. M.A.D.D. Yes I know it is there choice but what about the ones who die and had nothing to do with it?But a few bucks per customer adds up to a lot per hour, right?To the first respondent.  Alright asswipe...how many hours of prime serving time are there in a day?  How many hours does it take to set up, take down, and clean the bar?  What do you make an hour?  Now divide it all out.  Believe me, bartenders and food servers are not in line to take over for Donald Trump.  Most have a hard time making ends meet.. . I think the question implies excellent service and wonders given good service, why do people tip less than 10%?. . A lot of people in the hospitality industry do the job because it fits a schedule where they can be students or moms or work a second job during the day, work in a restaurant during the night.  Restaurant servers need to "tip out" other employees  - busboys, bartenders - and it is not optional as well as cover those who occasion the restaurant to "dine and dash.". . I have worked a lot of jobs (including landscaping, factory work, dish-washing, and janitorial work) and serving tables is one of the tougher ones...just because you see the person for four minutes does not mean that they are not occupied with your interests nearly the entire time you are in the restaurant - before you showed up and after you leave.  There is a lot of risk in what your nightly income might be.  Sometimes worthwhile, sometimes not.. . For any of you who did not get the memo, here is current customary gratuity etiquette in the U.S.. . If you get awful service, talk to the manager. The manager cannot correct the situation if he doesn't know about it. Skipping the tip will not accomplish anything, and the next poor customer who gets that server will get the same service you did.. . If you are buying the meal and someone offers to get the tip, tell them they can buy next time, and you pay the whole thing. This prevents any uneasiness about them seeing the amount of the bill or worrying that they will be stingy on the tip.. . Restaurants report a percentage (around 12%) of the gross sales for food and beverage to the IRS for their staff. This means that if you have a $200 food bill and $200 wine bill, the restaurant will report 12% of $400 or $48 as income to the server. In other words, the server has to pay tax on it whether you tip it or not. If the restaurants do not report it accurately, the restaurant and the wait staff get audited by the IRS. . . Please don't get hung up on the 12%. It is just a reasonable example. I recommend tipping 10-15% on the alcohol and 15-20% on the food. 10% on the wine is perfectly acceptable. Whether to tip 10 or 15 percent would depend in large part on how helpful the server was in choosing the wine and serving it. . . Food server - 15-20% . Cocktail server - 15-20%. For free drinks in Vegas, tip $1-2 per round. . Bartender - 15-20% or $1 per drink. If at the bar before a meal, settle up with the bartender before you go to your table. . Wine steward - 10% of wine bill. . If a bar has a cover charge, you do not tip on it. . Busboys - Nothing, unless he did something extra special like cleaning up a huge mess. Then give him $1-2. . Maitre d' - Nothing, unless he gets you a special table or the restaurant is full and you had no reservation. Then give $5-10 or more. . Coat check - $1 . Restroom attendant - $1 . Separate checks - If you want separate checks, ask the server to go ahead and add 18% gratuity to each check. . Musician in lounge - $1-5 . Musician that visits table - $2-3 if you make a special request. Optional if he just stops by and plays. . Takeout - If you get good service, in other words, the waiter gets and packages the food, then tip $1-2 or up to 10%. . Drive through - Nothing. . Self-service restaurant or buffet - Nothing unless there is some service. Tip 10% if the server delivers all or part of your meal or keeps your drinks refilled. . When breakfast is included in the price of the hotel room - Estimate the value of the meal by looking at a menu. If there is no breakfast menu, consider the quality of the hotel Well, if you are competent and keep my WATER GLASS (or beverage glass) filled then perhaps you will get 20-25 percent. Otherwise, you may get a few pennies or nothing. As long as you are competent and at least know the menu (if I do not, many times I do) then you will get at a minimum 20 percent but I will not bow down to you this is my hard-earned money I am spending and I can choose to go elsewhere or I can even cook at home.I would like to apologize on behalf of all the idiots that answered, or thought they anwered, your question. I used to work in the service industry and would get frustrated with the ignorance people would hand out rather than a good or at least decent tip. If you can't afford to tip your waiter, waittress, bartender, etc, then maybe you shouldn't go out to eat. Hm. There's a concept. I'll tell you what, since working in the service industry, I have gone to college and now have a great job that I love. I make probably 10 times more money and don't work 10% as hard as I did as a waittress. In my opinion, everyone should have to do 2 things in life. Serve a minimum of 4 years in the military, and wait tables. I have done both. It really sucks that you don't make the money you want, I hope you can either find a better job or figure something else out. Good luck with everything!. . P.S. If I go out and the service is good, I tip at LEAST 20%. And because of this, people remember me and treat me even better next time I come in. Remember this, people, next time you go out to eat!i'm going to make it a point to only tip 10% from now on because of your complaining, you think your the only one in the world who works hard for their money, also many people are affected by the economy, utilities and gas prices are high, if your so worried about how much people tip i suggest you get yourself an education and find a more dependable job, and remember-HOSPITALITY is a 2-way street, and lately it seems like i've had nothing but bad waiters/waitressesA tip is seen as a reward for fine service.  It once was an accronym for "To Insure Prompt Service."  I tip according to the service and if I get lousy service I leave a lousy tip.  It is not an entitlement.  If you want entitlements, giving up the chance of the extra generous tip, then get out of the service industry and work for wages.Don't be confused my friend.  The standard for tipping used to be 10%.  Some where along the line, somebody decided to give you guys a raise and nobody informed me.  Having your tips raised by 50% is quite a pay-raise if you ask me.  . . I mean, lets be honest with one another...  Its doesn't take alot of skill, knowledge, talent or insight to pour Vodka into a glass.  You my friend fall into that unfortunate group of people whom have their hands stuck out looking for other folks to supplement their incomes.  . . Waitresses and waiters are another...  They carry a plate to the table give you a glass of water and expect 10 dollars for a serving of four.  Their time spent was about 4 minutes of service.. . I say, if you want better wages, go to college, earn a degree and get a better paying job.  For that fact, buy the phucking bar where you are currently working.  But don't be judgmental on others for "failing" to tip you.  Any tip, is a gracious tip.  It shouldn't be looked down upon.  Believe it or not, most people are just about where you are at... Just barely making it.. . So be kind bro and not too judgmental to low tippers.... maybe that's all they can afford.. . Peace.It may be the simple fact that people nowadays expect the world in "service" and have the option to tip or not to tip or even tip appropriately. I work in the service industry also...and it seems lately customers tip based on how they "feel", your service can be "great" or bad, they pay "how they feel". Now traditionally, you were tipped 15% as a bottom but it usually increased by the party size. Society is struggling as a whole in alot of areas financially, and unfortunately, dinning out and bar clubbing is an expense that is very optional to do or not to do. I suggest that you take your skills to a higher end crowd and get those better tips, Good Luck:)If the service is good then I tip better than 15%..In a bar situation if I plan to drink for a couple of hours I will tip minimum after each one I order..When I leave my final tip is either minimum or better depending on the service..:)LMAO, all these people who say "get a real job" and "it doesn't take much to serve a meal" obviously haven't worked a busy restaurant in tourist town during dinner. I'd like to see half of these snarky nimrods do what I do at least half as good as I do it. Gauranteed they'd quit after the first table, I have NO doubt about that. I make awesome money at what I do.I do it because my children are important to me and I can be with them during the day and work at night when their father comes home, plus I can make alot more money serving than I can working at some office somewhere, infact most of the time I make about as much as my mother does as an LPN nurse. Although I'm sure that I won't be doing this for the rest of my life, it works well with my husbands busy work schedule and my children still see their mother, and I'm not tired and yelling at them because I've had an exhausting day. I am an Airforce veteran, and have gone to school, so you're not talking to a complete idiot here either. If somebody tips me less than 10 percent, I can pretty much chalk it up to them being a tight ass  or a jerk, not because I don't give them my 100 percent. I just kind of laugh and think "what goes around comes around." Thank God that there are  more people out there who give a damn then who don't, to those people THANKYOU...to the rest, sucks to be you!. . . I forgot to add...to all of you who say you cannot afford to tip because you are "poor". What praytell are you doing going out to eat in the first place? Stick to fast food or ramen noodles, don't stiff a hardworking server...that's just a lame excuse and it's very selfish to boot. When you go out to eat at a restaurant that serves you, don't forget to anticipate the tip that they work hard for!Being a waitress myself quite a few years ago, I know that you can give really great service and still get a lousy tip. Most of the time, I found that the people that tip lousy are the ones that have the money and think that waitressing/bartending is just a lower class job. I disagree. When you are in this type of business, you have to always strive to do your best and not let the lousy tipper get you done even if it is disappointing. As for Streeter Mark, it takes alot more time than 4 minutes to serve a customer. From the time they sit down in your section to the time they leave, if you are any kind of waiter/waitress, you will be attentive to your customers until they leave that table. Even if it means just refilling water or coffee, or if they engage you in a conversation, not just being short with them. You need to be personable and be able to anticipate the customers needs before they ask for it. That does take a little bit of brains to do so. And by the way, being a server of any kind is not a degrading job, at least that person is working and not mooching off the system and if it wasn't for them, you wouldn't have a restaurant or a bar to go to since there wouldn't be anyone to serve you. You go bartender and do your thing and you'll get the good tippers and the bad too. Take it with a grain of salt and just do your job well. By the way, I tip on the quality of service I get. i.e.- if I have to ask for my drink to be refilled, or to have the dishes removed, etc.People tip crappy when they don't get good service.  When I sit down the server starts with a good trip and it goes down or up depending on service.sometime we are poor too... My friends and i rarely eat places that we have to leave a tip just cuz we cant afford it and when we do scratch up enough money to get something, we have to add on even more money for a tip. Don't get me wrong, I always do tip and tip well but my point is sometimes we just don't have that much money. Its not that we dont feel for you, we just dont have much money.I'm a pizza drier i hate people that don't tip i have a BIG BOOK of people that don't TIP some time people get extra toppings and i know were they live i hate getting stiffed in the rain and snow or big orders any time for that matter if u cant tip then don't order for those of you that care thank you and the ones that DON'T TIP I KNOW WHERE YOU LIVE YOU BASTARDS15% is merely a custom. Nowhere is it written down that you have to give 15%. In Europe the tips are 5-10%, and in Asia tipping isn't customary at all.. . Have you considered:. . (a) the prices at your bar are ripoffs and the drinks are watered down so people don't want to tip because they felt they've paid enough;. . (b) you're so bitter about receiving lousy tips that you're transferring your bad attitude to the workplace and giving bad service;. . . (c) you're in the wrong line of work?
Most places charge a $2.50 delivery fee for delivery service.  Call the pizza place and ask.  It's your money!no matter what the real reason they're charging that much is, you are definitely getting ripped off. Any time that you pay for something without understanding why is a rip off. They made you think you were only going to pay $9 and then charged you $11. That's deceptive, even if the extra money is for something like delivery. It's still a rip off to not tell you till you get to the door!. . Just get pizza from somewhere else!make them itemize the cost, ask them to explain all cost to you if if you think your being riped off REFUSE the delivery!!!If i were you right after you order ask how much your order is going to cost and ask them to include everything like the delivery service and tax and including tip and after that you will know you are not being ripped of. The only way to feel like your not being ripped off is be agressive (its your money you shouldnt have to just give it away (ecept for tip))I think flowerlover was right.  Maybe you live outside the free delivery zone and they are charging you for delivery.  . . If you live outside the zone, there's not much you can do, and you are still expected by courtesy to tip the driver, it's not his/her fault you live outside the restaurant's declared zone.
Contact the card company by calling the 800 number on the back of the card. Tell them you want to dispute a charge and they will walk you through the rest.I would go back to the restaurantYou write your credit card company, giving the explanation and documenting with whatever evidence you have. Give the date, time, restaurant name, etc.Talk to you bank. It's their card.You have the right to challenge any charge put on your card. Did you Sign the receipt? Talk to the bank explain what happened and they will work with you.I would walk into a branch of the bank that this account is with and sit down and talk with a bank officer about it.  Be sure to have your statement and if possible, the receipt from the restaurant with you.
Women are smaller then men, takes less for them to get drunk.. . Which means, even if you're paying, they should be a cheap date!women have a lower alcohol tolerance level.body wieght has something to do with it-the bigger the body, the longer it takes to get wasted, generally.Women metabolize alcohol differently than men.Shes faking it so she can get in your pants.Because a woman usually (hopefully) will weigh less and not drink quite as often. No, it's not because you're paying, besides, if you are the one paying, aren't you glad she gets drunk faster? It saves you money! Maybe you should just try to find a real woman who knows what she's doing and can keep up with you instead of getting drunk and being basically useless the rest of the night.well, according to science, one shot of a female is equal to two shots of a male. females have a weaker resistance to alcohol.Womens heart rates are naturally faster, along with this the womens digestive track is faster, and since women are usually smaller then men, women tend to get drunker, fasterhee heeweight, metagolism, and body structure. NOT because you're paying!women have a lower tolerence for drink because of there chemical make up does burn it off as fast as a mansnot usually and if she is..get rid of her!!..i learned that i got drunk faster because on dates, i always felt pressured to eat something other than a salad but dont order off the right hand side of the menu (my friend and i actually wrote a paper on proper date food lol) am i dressed correctly for the occasion, what do i say, coke or pepsi, be yourself and dont be nervous...dang! that first glass of wine barely takes the edge off!!..by glass 5 im up for burping contests!! lol..jk..but it does take the edge off if you drink quickly..hope this helps....btw..have you ever seen the movie "Blind Date" ? it was back in the late 80s with Bruce Willis..you'll love it!woman get drunk faster because of their low body mass. It also has to do with the matabolism also.
Instead of heaps of ghee-cooked food, it contains just a few items, all lightly cooked but flavourful. This is one of the few cuisines where fish is usually boiled rather than fried before it goes into a curry.Food from Goa is called as Goamantak Food.Cuisine related to Goa, a place in India. which has Fish and coconut flavour.
Since you love the Asians... it should be fun for you.  Good food everywhere.  That's pretty much it.ADVENTURE CITY. KNOTTS BERRY FARM IS IN BUENA PARK WHICH IS NOT TOO FAR FROM THEREActually nothing in Stanton, but if you head toward the beach (like on Beach Blvd) there's a lot of shops, restaurants, and you'll end up near Little Saigon for cheap asian food.. . On Knott and Katella is the Target and eateries like Curry House (yum!!), Olive Garden, Super Mex.. . If you stay on Katella and head east, you'll end up at Disneyland, and then futher down is the Angel Stadium and the Arrowhead Pond.. . So in Stanton, there's not much... its outside your new area that's stuff to do.
i am from llanelli . i cant answer yuor question ,but i suggest you phone your local bus depot.just ignore the catty answers you have had. people all over the world i agree dont know where llansamlet is , but thy need not be so rudeBecause the llansamlet is too small for the bus.
Modern computerized HVAC control systems are used for temperature, humidity, and pressure control, and often integrate fire, security, and lighting controls into one system. These systems typically use one or more central controllers to command and monitor the remote terminal unit controllers, and they communicate with one or more personal computers that are used as the operator interface. These control systems are typically used on large commercial and industrial buildings to allow central control of many HVAC units around the building(s). The latest systems use the building ethernet for communications between central controllers, and allow operator access from a web browser.I don't Know
A live lobster is usually greenish-black in color because of the many different color pigment chromatophores in its shell. When it is cooked, all the pigments are masked except for the astaxanthin, the red background pigment.because it just doesbecause it is natural.. the heat and stem de coulor the acual shell and so it is left with the under shell.really lobsyers are red and when you cook them they get redder  because they are getting hot.
Never see em' at McDonalds either..   I wonder if they eat?You apparently have never been to Chinatown,every major city has one.. All you see is Chinese people eating , You can usually find the best restaurants by looking for the largest crowd waiting to get in .I'm sure Chinese people do but it would be authentic. Our Chinese food is a joke. In China you don't see chicken balls, egg foo yong etc. on the menu. True Chinese cuisine is not greasy and really good.The ones I eat in they do.i think because they probably have Chinese food everyday in their daily life.believe it or not they might like other foods better than Chinese food!good question i thought i was the only person that noticed that ! It's true, they don't consider it authentic chinese food. They pretty much think it's crap ! that's why we shouldn't eat it !I do all the time but mostly they can make the same food at home so they can eat there it's probably better to them anyway.I see them all the time at the one we go to.Because what we know as chinese food, isn't really what chinese people eat, it's a commercialized line of generic "chinese" foods.Because a lot of it is American stuff made to sound like it's Chinese food. Chow Mein and fortune cookies are 2 examples of that.Probably because all the cooks are latin america and it will be chin-mex foodBecause most of the chinese restaurants are not real authentic chinese food.  It is mostly Americanized food, and it isn't as good.because they are in the kitchen cookingI do see this.  I don't see them eating other foods, though.. Phillip Cio told me that if I don't see Chinese people eating in a Chinese restaraunt, then I should leave.you would if you found a chineese restaurant with an authentic menu. theres one by my house that has one and they serve lots of chineeseYou can't be serious.  Have you gone to Chinatown in your area and eaten at any of the restaurants?  Look around, you'll see the locals gettin' some grub!Because real Chinese people want to eat REAL Chinese food.. . The american-ized version is like saying Taco-Bell is mexican food...cause they can cook the same stuff at homeyeah, actually I do....Seeing chinese people eating at a chinese restaurant is the best advertisement for the establishment. If it's good enough for them it's good enough for me. In my local chinese I quite often see large groups of them.Bc they run the places, if you ran a burger joint I bet you wouldn't be in the mood for a burger everyday!
If you have a mutual friend ,he/she could be asked tobreak the ice. If not take a deep breath and approach her politely with your invitation.Just ask..........There's only two answer- "Yes" or "No".1.If you want to ask a girl out it depends if your asking her to be your girlfriends just go up to her start talking if you have something in common you'll know.... . 2.If your asking a girl out on a date ask her if she's busy this weekend if she's not just say do you want to hang out or something if she says no the first time don't be down...Try again in about a week our two...Let her get to know u...Confidence. From experience I know that girls like a man who can ask them questions with confidence. Don't talk to her like your shy. Talk to her like you trust in your words and in yourself. First you have to build up the heart to tell her that you have a thing for her and what does she think about you. Then you have to just come out with the words that says "I like you and want you to be my girl".... This way y'all can work things out and see if a relationship will really work. Communication is the key.Just be yourself. It's no different than making plans with one of your friends.  How do u ask your best friend if he wants to hang out?  Do the same thing with this girl that you like.there are many ways that you can ask a girl out. but you can do it in sweet way. you can send her flowers. have pop ballons with the question in one of the ballons.  you can also take her out some where and ask her. dont be shy to ask out a girl. i think if you like someone you should take a stand and tell them how you feel. do it for yourself.Do not pay attention to the responses you have received so far, they will no thelp at all.  The best advice is to be yourself, be confident in who you are and what you represent.  Simply ask the girl if she wants to go out sometime, plain and simple, no hidden agendas.  If you are honest and open with her she will respect you more and she will see that you are self confident.  If she says no, don;t worry about it, move on as there are many women out there to choose from.  Don;t let it hurt your confidence, just keep trying until you find the right one who wants to spend time with you.  Believe me, you will get rejected in life so get used to it.  Everything will work out fine my friend.  Good luck!you do it and don't look back.hi lil... if you are from or in dc, please send me a note. i will be moving there in 2 weeks.. thanks in advancejust do it stop being a wimp
OH ! SH ITs! Your finished dude it's a sign of very,very,very bad luck U should go back to that restaurant and ask the owner 4 two fortune cookies and U better hope that works.I would have never left that place if I got 2 empty fortune cookies.OMG..Good Luck thank god that did not happen too me.I GUESS YOUR JUST UNLUCKY LOLThat you're "Unfortunate"? Tehehe.. I'm not supperstitious at all, I guess it means someone was slackin' off at the fortune-cookie factory that day!Painful death very soon. Or a mega lottery win. I'm not sure.it either means your unfortunate unlucky or they forgot to put a paper in the damn cookienothing those things are like mass produced
He is so weird.  I would freak out if I woke up and he was there trying to give me a meatnormous!No doubt ... that guy is freaky lolThat guy scares me but everyone has there opinion.DUDE THAT F*UCKER IS FUNNY!!!. HAVE YOU SEEN THE ONE IMITATING KING KONG? WITH THE GIRL ACTING ALL SCARE AND ALL? AND THEN HE HANDS HER OUT A TINY BURGER IN HIS THUMB, BUT BIG FOR THE GIRL? THAT IS THE S*HIT HES SO COOL!!!. THEN THE ONE WITH THE CONSTRUCTION WORKERS JUMPING UP AND DOWN WITH HIM IN THE HOTEL BED!!!LOL. I LIKE THOSE COMMERCIALS!Creepy as all get out.  If I woke up and he was at my window, I would call the cops!He's just weird dude. If I woke up & he was in my room I mess him up with my louisville sluggercreepiest thing around in years
The one on Great North Road?. I dont know exactly when it left... . Perhaps silly old KFC became more popular, as they do deliveries....dont know what your talking about.
i know there is a non profit organization by that name who works with underpriveledged kids worldwide and believes that every child has the right to education and healthcare and to develop to their full potential. that's probably what you heard of. it means every child has the right to a good life basically :)I'm not too sure, but does it mean that he is acting like any child would in a situation, or is it stereotypical that he is like every other child they know??
crisp clean taste. my favorite was crush,now tropicana. (crush hard to find here)i like that fizzDepends on the kind of orange pop.  I used to love Diet Orange Slice, but they don't sell it in our state anymore.    :(    So now I have to drink Tropicana Orange Pop.  Orange pop (soda) is the best!  Why?  It's orangy!  Who doesn't love orangy stuff?I don't know why, but an ice cold one on a hot day sure is good isn't it?Coz its fizzy and actually tastes like oranges whereas other fizzy pops dont usually taste how they should.........because its orange flavored soda! Come on - it has to be good!The color orange has a phychological effect to our brains coupled with the sugar in the drink.It tastes even better with a scoop of vanilla ice cream in it...mmm just like an orange creamsicle!!!because you got bad taste
All these answers are correct. Or you could just go in, order a drink and see what happens. If they won't serve you,  make yourself look older some way. Dressing like a skateboarder doesn't help, try dressing up. You're not breaking any laws looking your age. You could also carry a photocopy of your passport, and if they ask, tell them why.any type of photo id with birthdate is acceptableValid ID's in Ontario include:. . - Canadian Passport. - Ontario Driver's License. - Age of Majority Card. - Armed Forces I.D Card. . These are the only ID's accepted at Beer & Liquor Stores to verify age of majority for purchasing alcohol. If you go to any LCBO you can get the necessary forms to apply for an age of majority card.There are 5 pieces of government approved ID that will show that you are over the legal drinking age:. 1) Passport. 2) Driver's Licence. 3) Armed Forces Card. 4) BYOID Card (Available at most LCBO stores, but you have to bring them another form of ID to prove that you're over 19 to get one). 5) A Canadian Citizenship Card with a Valid Photo. . Hope it helps :)If you don't want to take your passport, I believe that you can apply for an Age of Majority Card. The forms should be available at a local LCBO store or you can call Service Ontario at (416) 314-1234 for more details. Good luck.If you are going to a Night Club you will need your passport. If you are just going to Dinner you could ask for a drink and see what happens. It sounds like you dont live there so it would not make sense to get an ID card while you are there. You could also make a copy of your passport and try to use that and explain that you did not want to risk losing the original.you can get a "of age" card at the LCBO, its called a BYID.  You can show your healthcard as a second piece sometimes, so take your birth certificate too and that might work.  Other then that, a passport is really it because they want something with a picture on it.  Good luck and have fun dancing the night away!how about your birth certificate...anything that shows your ageIt's amazing how much this province of ours depends on the DL as legal idea.  People who do not have a DL for whatever the reason are royally screwed.  I work retail and to obtain a credit card from the company I work for (a big USA owned company btw) one needs to have a DL, a valid passport, military ID or Age of Majority card.  When I phone for authorization on somebody account to Head Office the person on the other end of the phone always asks for the customers DL number!  None of these forms of ID are easy or cheap to obtain. The passport is a rip off because it only lasts for 5 years - most other country's passports last for 10 years.  Soon as Canadians we will need a passport to enter the USA so I guess a lot more people will be carrying a pass port then ever did before!  What a money grab that is for the Feds!. But as to your question I say like a lot of the other answers - get an Age Of Majority Card. Take care and good luck with it. *hugs* JAC<
cuz they are McF**kin' with youThey think they are creating excitement around that menu item. They probally sell more of them  because people know it Will go away before long.amen to that!I often wondered the same thing.I wish that would happen too.  I suppose because it's more expensive to make those things.because alot of people really like it and when they but it on the menu people think "I better get one before its to late" or "get them while u can" and then McDonalds makes more $Well it is being tested.  Someone on Yahoo asked if anyone like McRibs and the answers were very negative....so I never tried it.I have not personally tried it because seeing it on the menu and in commercials makes my stomach turn. It looks really gross.because in some stores their not getting enough sales to keep it permanentIt's a way to entice McDonaldians!no doubt...what's this every now and then thing?????i don't understand it eitherI work at McDs...and they are DISGUSTING to make. The "rib"sauce is messy, and it stinks.  Plus, we have to have a seperate bun made especially for the McRib, which is annoying.  They should be done as of Dec. 31 2006....but last year they were so popular they extended it into February, so who knows.they  want to draw attencion to customers saying its limitied time only
Same reason Michael Jordan and Evalder Holyfield came out of retirement. MONEYit is a seasonal sandwich that comes out once a year for a few weeks. they have been doing this for yearsFans won....why? Because McRibs are AWESOME! If you have never tried one, try it....I promise you will like it! They are yummy!BECAUSE THEY HAVE A HARD TIME TRYING TO SELL EVERY THING ELSEBecause you are fat!!They needed something to keep their customers. Hamburgers and chicken (nuggets or salad or sandwiches) get boring after a while.I don't know why - I really didn't like the McRib at all ... I'd prefer everything else on there dollar menu!! ... I'm cheap and 2 double cheeseburgers would satisfy my craving for a McRib any day!JUST FOR ADVERTISMENTCause its cool like that!Raybo's baby girl,. I think Mickey D's is trying to make their menu more interesting and the wide selection of sandwiches should include the McRib.. TDCWHThe Mcrib is only back for a limited time promotion. they get it back once a year. usually after monopoly ends. its a way of keeping the customers interested enough to keep comming in even after the game peices are gone. pretty smart marketing tecneiqe. i guess thats y mcdonnalds is so big.Yeah. Mabey.uh, i believe you answered your own question.  you are really smart!
Indonesia is the world's largest Muslim country.  Ham and pork are prohibited by Islam.  Pepperoni is made from pork.  There is probably no demand for it and no supply either.Because Indonesians are not used to eat peperoni. Beef willl be just fine for us =) although I prefer the chicken favorite.You are keep on asking questions based on pork in a muslim country? Dont you know muslims dont eat pork? Muslim is the dominant population and menus are created based on a majority not minority....if you ask y? IT IS BCS OF PROFIT MAN, IF YOU SERVE PORK IN A MUSLIM NATION, WHO WILL COME AND EAT? U? THEY WONT SURVIVE ONLY YOU EATING IN THEIR RESTAURANT.. . (i apologise if i offended you in any way, i thought you were making fun of a Muslim Country, therefore i deleted the remarks i made)Pepperoni is not Kosher.  Actually it's not Halaal.. Indonesians are mostly muslims.  They are afraid of offending muslims with pork products.That is because they workship the cows like they are sacred or something so they wont use that kind of meat.Pepperoni is made from beef, veal and pork.  Indonesia being mostly Moslem would never allow pork in their food as that is a no-no.They don't????? huh......it's kinda like,...y do toilets flush the opposite way in australia than they do in the us?they dont eat pork
Im gunna say americas favorite pie is apple pie. i have no idea what the worlds Favorite pie is but the least is most likely mud pie.Mudfav..i'd probally say "apple",of course..not sure about the worst..maybe raisan,or some kind of fig pie,,???????Why that would be apple pie or blueberry, or cherry or the great lemon meringue pie or mince pie for Thanksgiving holiday.USA:   Apple Pie. The World:  Authentic English Shepherd's Pie.In America the Apple Pie is probably still the favorite, though, the lemon is the most used fruit in cooking.. Not sure about the rest of the world.usa probably apple pie . fav pie for world probably pizza pie. least favorite pie is ?????
The movie "SuperSize Me" happened..  The movie was about a dude who ate nothing but MickeyDs all three meals a day for a month. He was very healthy and a fit guy and after just a day or two, his cholesterol was through the roof and so was blood pressure..   He gained alot of weight, and had health concerns for a while..  After the movie, they got rid of the Supersize and went to a healthier menu option... .  .. we still have it in Canada.. .  .. maybe they elimnated the super-size when they saw that the average american *was* actually super-sizing.. . . .The movie "Super-Size Me" shamed them into discontinuing it.. I think that's awesome.I think they did away with Super Sizing after that guy did the documentary where all he did was eat Super Sized meals at McDonald's and gained a bunch of weight.They got hit with all the negative publicity, that they are making people obese.. so they got rid of it, to make them look like they care about people's health.. personally I don't go to McDonald's for their salad, I go for their double cheese burger and fries... and the McRibs are back!!yeah i peeped that last week and now they are calling it: "make it an extra value meal"... it's on the drivethru menu.People who are insistant that they need to monitor your personal diet happened. If I wanna friggin clog my own arteries, I damn well have the right to do it. Besides, if people want more fries, they just order them. Why stop the supersizing?supposedly it was a knee-jerk reaction to the documentary "Super Size Me" It was McDonald's way to encourage a balance diet
Go to the restaurant, asked to talk to the manager/owner, and express your interest. They will likely provide you with an application if it is a franchise restaurant or an interview if it is individually owned.Not many people want that job so I guess all you have to do is ask.  Find a restaurant close to you and go in and fill out an application.At 16 they may ask you for paperwork but if you go to the manager or owner, ask him for a job.. . Go "Sir, I'd like to work for you. Are you hiring for a janitor?"
Because the chickens are still alive when they fry em and your enjoying torture at its best. (Raw)Yep, they are made of rats under the grills and- oh look! Theres gullible written on the ceiling!i highly doubt that there are rats in mc sandwiches. They're good cause mcdonalds do people testing, then get results.:]Pure junk food!There FryedMcDonalds has a test kitchen staffed with real for sure chefs. They work on combining the right ingredients to make a sandwich etc. delicious and able to be mass produced. The meats sometimes are precooked with the seasonings pressure cooked deep into the flesh. Nitrates and nitrites are sometimes used along with monosodium glutomate to enhance flavor and preserve the product so that it can be distributed by semi truck to your local mickey D.well your friend is stupid it's made from chicken with some really rich grease thats why texans are so fat theses daysThey are not.  Your taste buds have just been killed by eating at places that you think are filled with Rats.  EEEEEEEWWWWWWWWWWbecause they areya i get sick of how mickey deees is gettin so much money 2 i mean what is so special that they r doin??lots of salt and fat...most fast food is like this
Isn't that the name of the car from the movie 'The Matrix'?I'm not sure but I bet it is supercalifradgalisticexpiallidocious!An item in World of Warcraft.  +6 to strength i think.
if you are just about to eat it its best you don't know but i think they taste brilliant and can really fill a gap but you should ask for salad as wellchicken donner kebab with lots of salad is great  only 7 points on weightwatchers diet  go for it xxShish kebab (?i? kebap in Turkish) is a wooden or metal stick (a skewer in Turkish) with small cubes of any kind of meat, fowl, fish, fruit, or vegetable (usually a combination) which is roasted on a grill. The name literally means 'skewer of grilled meat' in Persian. Typical vegetables included are eggplant, tomato, bell pepper, onion and mushrooms.a kebab contains salad - so it`s healthy - and good for you, and it`s friday night! ENJOY!its all the crap they cant sell as it looks gross but mixed together there lovely and very bad for you.full of yucky gross stuffGood kebab is very testy. Just remember, that it is anyway fatty and don't eat to much. Don't eat with bred. One kebab per week is OK. Take it easy. Life is beautiful!ONCE U TASTE THEM...U WONT CARE IF THEY ARE UNHEALTHY OR NOT....... AND I DUNNO ABT IF THEY ARE HEALTHY OR NOT BUT THEY ARE REALLY TASTY.. GO HAVE SOMEThey are well good for you. Its the 15 pints of stella whats bad for you. Enjoyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy.
bcoz no single man or woman would eat by themselves in candle light!!Candle provided only enough light for two, which makes the environment dim and romantic.They are scared of exposing each others details. After all, nudity is not beauty. There is charm in concealing which is food for imagination. It is all for romance!other than d common " c " 4 couples n candles its d prfect settin,d ambience d mood dat bond d c words 2gethr... I guess! So hapy dining !candle-light dinners hold a special significance for couples because of the romantic aura that's created from the dim light. one tends to talk softly keeping with the ambiance. gives a very ethereal, soulful set-up for closeness which can come between a couple only ¬ two people of the same sex or any other friends.
New York Strip gets its name because the shape is similar to the shape of Manhattan. Trust me, I used to cook steaks in a steakhouse.The strip steak is called the New York strip or Kansas City strip in order to "dress" up name.  The "strip" comes from the line of marbling (fat) on one side that is left on to enhance the flavor.I think what happened, back in the day when Times Square in New York City was full of tittie bars.  Well a stripper must have gotten very creative on stage with a piece of raw meat!!!
one time I got  $150 for being this family's favorite waitressmost unique? in my younger days a friend left a doobie under his plate for a tip!I once left a booger on my plate for the serverNothing unique in 20 yrs. But I have had a regular customer give me $100 (in a card)on my birthday. . As well as the regular $5 he leaves every day, this guy pays at least 2 of my utility bills monthly just by being a consistant regular.I worked at Golden Corral once, which is like a buffet, so  you barely get big tips, but on Easter, I had a customer give me 75.00 and said Happy Easter, and I never waited on him in my life.  Some people are just kind hearted I guess.
They have gravy for the biscuits. They don't serve it after breakfast since there's not much it would go with during lunch.McDonald's gravy? Double yuck, not enough fat in the food on the menu?they dont have anything to put the gravy on i guess most of the is fried thereThey do.  They make a white sausage gravy which goes over their biscuits.  It is called biscuits and gravy.they have sausage biscuits and gravyBecuase every one will be to scared to eat for all you know any thing could be in itshe's right about the biscuits and gravy. it isn't on the menu though. you just have to ask for it.Because McDonalds and gravy just arent meant to be I mean...its like a dog having a baby to a catfish....okay that was dramatic but   you know what I meanGravy is not good for people. Somebody would probably eat it and then sue McDonalds for serving it.
No kidding.  I was looking for dining questions in Minneapolis and Minneapolis isn't a sub-category which is a shame because Minneapolis has some of the best dining I've experienced.I don't want to diss any of the other cities that do have their own sub-catergory, but the Twin Cities definitely deserve it!. . MMM...where should I eat out next?  Chaing Mai Thai, Fuji-ya, Solera, Birchwood, Punch...
So go to bed instead. Easy solution isn't it!Come out with me and ill take you to the stars..Have a nice bath and pampering session at home and watch a filmNo money and no one to go out with eh!!. Looks like your staying in then!!go to the London Bridge& see if it is falling down!Sit down wait for answers to your question and by the time yuu got a good one it will be to late to go anywere =DFind a club where ladies go in free (on radio).  A dude will purchase one drink.r u that ugly and lazy? get a J.O.B. that way u can sleep in clubs if u wishSame here, and it's my birthday weekend.. Boooooooooooooooooo!. Play some loud tunes and annoy the neighbours babGet a good film, invite some pals around. Make them bring tasty beverages and snacks. When the film is over put on some good tunesyour nanWatch a good film and have a relaxing night inSorry...im going down the pub ,i will have a drinky poo for you ,im so unselfish me, always thinking of others.xWatch tv, a movie or something.stay at home . watch a movie. do a wash. relax and enjoy !hey me-me stay in and ill call round and give you a ride? soz i meant a ride on my motor bikeStay in, ask some mates roundwell you can wathh tv or answer q&#92;a s.
Thats a stereotype. don't be ignorant enough to beleive everything you hear. Everybody likes chicken. black people don't LOVE chicken.i like crispy fried chicken, with a side of honey, dip the chicken in the honey and eat. my 8 year old and i will sit down together and eat a whole fried chicken. so...i'm not a black person, why do i like fried chicken so much?that's like saying why do white people like mcdonalds so much.I like it,and I am white.Because it's DELICIOUS.because you get free orange soda with biscuits sho nuff!I always wondered that as well.Do you really think the fact of being black makes them like fried chicken more than if they were white? I think this generalization is quite inadequate...any generalization, in fact.UR AN IDIOTI think it's the grease, lol. But you shouldn't be so sterotypical it could get you in trouble.I think that most people like fried chicken.  I'm white and I think your a racists.Why do white people like it so much, you idiot? You could ask why PEOPLE like it so much, right? What the f#*@ is the difference? We are all the same in my eyes, so the question is inane and I would feel ashamed if I were you. Oh, by the way, I am sure someone like you will wonder: I'M A WHITE GUY. Eat that, why don't you?!yea color has nothing to do with fried chicken its just so damn finger licking good with the oil and greese love fries and onion rings too deep fried and chicken tenders and breaded fish and breaded vegetables that are fried or shrimp so.... its just so goodwhy do people like to ask stupid questions like that? Are you trying to be funny?Hold up wait just one minute don't try to make this a racial thing whites love it toobecause back in the days of slavery chickens were more plentiful than watermellon.....
There are so many intellectual women in chennai. go and talk to them if you want. You will find out.be yourselves intellectualPerhaps if you go and dine out you will find one.the term intellectual women is oxymoronicHey Gravity!. . There are everywhere. But for you to gain the attention of a smart intellectual women, you need to be in the same grade yourself. Considering so, the best place would be MNCs. That where the chunk of these gals work!You have to talk to them.. . If old enough, 25 to 30 years, look this site up. . . http://yahoo.shaadi.com/india-matrimony/to find whether a woman is intellectual or not, first, you must be intellect.  there is no place in looks or styles or fashionable dress.  the matter is in brain. anyway for what purpose is you looking for an intellectual woman?  talk to her about her likes and dislikes, current affairs, her view about life,etc. hope you can find her. ALL THE BESTWhat do you mean by intellectual?  I am sure there are many intellectual women there, maybe you can chat with people from chennai on-line.  I am originally from chennai.Try and meet up women working for MNCs and other corporate sectors who strictly recruit smart and intellectual employees only ,, in this way u might get the one you are looking for.. whatsayfor what you need ?? if you tell that then answering your question is easier
With a pressure washer, of course.Hire a pressure washing business to come in after hours.VERY CAREFULLY !! You need to have floor drains, and after closing, good degreaser and a power washer with HOT water. Then spray away let dry.
s the same reason you don't see fat people on ads that sell clothes, makeup, cars, or anything else that they are trying to sell you. you don't even see them in weight loss commercials except pictures of them before they use that particular product.Because they are selling an image here. No one wants to see some fat slob or some fat kid. They don't want to admit that they are just adding to the obesity problem with their food and not helping.remember TV is not realisticBecause people do not want to see fat people.  Same reason 60% of Americans are overweight and only 5% of actresses are, 0% of models (unless modeling plus sized clothes) are, etc.well simply because if they did that,then no parent's would want their kids to eat there for the very simple reason that it gives the impression that their food is harmful or unhealthy..People don't want to be reminded what McDonald's food can do to their body. The people that make these ads know that if they show a woman with big hips and a huge stomach ordering a big mac with extra cheese and a Super Size fry that it will turn the consumer off.It's know as the "Art of Deception". They don't want the public to know that their food is fattening so they only use skinny or average people in their commercials.It's how they or any other fast food franchise run their marketing.  They want to expel a positive image and even though statistics show that many Americans are overweight, the idea of being overweight is negative and wouldn't be beneficial to McDonald's, as unfair as it might sound.  They just want to earn money.  Also, an interesting thing to think about, you don't see fat people in 24 Hour Fitness ads!  But I see alot of them at my gym so... it's just the marketing.  Nothing to get all huffed up about.One reason there's no fat people is because the commericals are filmed in a fake McDonald's. I happen to wander into one, they are closed to the public. Like I said before McDonald's is not in the business of providing good food to eat, they are in business to make money. I can remember back in junior college I was taking business classes and the manager of McDonald's came to talk to us. One student asked why don't you put tomatoes on your hamburgers? The ans. was that it would cost them half a cent more !!!there are no fat people on a McDonald's commercial because it will look like that person might go there all the time and McDonald's dose have fattening food (but its not like they will tell you their food is fattening!)because they dont want people to think that that is what u will look like after u eat their food!There will be an overweight person soon in the commercial.BECAUSE THEY WANT TO ADVERTISE "GOOD FOOD" AND NOT ADVERTISE THE FOOD THAT MAKES YOU FAT OR OVERWEIGHT...THEY KNOW THAT IF THEY ADVERTISE OVERWEIGHT OR OBESE PEOPLE ON THEIR COMMERCIALS THAT THEY WOULD NOT DO AS GOOD AS A FAST FOOD CHAIN..THEY WILL DEFINETLY LOSE A LOT OF MONEY FOR THAT
It's convenient.The reason I do is:. . 1) Its cheap (about 4-5dollars a meal).. 2) Its fast (hence the name).. 3) I like the taste.. 4) Its convenient (there's fast food everywhere!). 5) You can have it in the restaurant, or, you can take out, or drive through.Some reasons people eat fast food because its easy and on the go. Even though is it high in trans fat and the other stuff, its good to some people and they figure hay i can get a burger or whatever else they want because its also cheap, at some places. They cant get a whole meal and everybody will be happy.cuz they are yummy!!!!Lack of consideration for taste and they're in a hurry.  Some folks like the crappy recipes because they add sugar and fat to make people think it tastes good.  IMO, it's a waste of calories and money.  I only eat FF when I'm starving and have very limited time to get to my next job or rehearsal.  I try to pack my own lunch to avoid the fast food industry.  The only semi-fast food I really love is Middle Eastern Falafel or Pizza.cuz its fast and its food lol but I eat it cuz its good sometimes to just eat something you know thats not good for you and just enjoy every last biteSome people may live by themselves and don't want to bother cooking for just themselves.  Some people like variety and so they eat fast food from different places.  And people like myself, do it several times a week to just relax and enjoy eating without the fuss of cooking and doing dishes.I like it...They might be in a hurry.  Some people find that food tastes good.because we have busy lives and we need it fast.I think the biggest reason is the time factor.  People are so busy they don't take time to cook.  However, health and weight wise it would be better to spend a little time cooking to make food for a few days than to eat the horrible food in fast food restuarants.well for me its the timing thing,  i work from 7:30 till 5pm then have school at 5:35 so its easy to grab something then eat on the way to schoolits quick and sometimes its the only thing open when you havent gone grocery shopping and its 4am :)it's cheap, fastI am married and a mom.  We eat fast food about once a week because my 8 year old considers it a "reward" because he loves it and I consider it a reward because I can buy the same grilled chicken sandwich or salad or lowfat options that I would spend an hour cooking at home for my husband and myself.  It is cheap and tasty and nowadays, they have lots of options.its fast, inexpensive, and convenient.It is cheap, tastes great, and good to go. Also they are everywhere you look,damn its good!they like itcheap , easy and everywhere!its fast and with all that grease and sugar its good! and cheapthe main reason i would say is that some people don't want to cook and fast food be the first thing that comes to mindIt is a lot easier then making dinner. It also tastes really good. I know it is bad, so I hardly ever eat out.?Hmmm sometimes it's just easier when your out and about.   As long as it's not a habit.   that's not good for an individual...why do people like hookers? cheap, fast, and easyBecause it tastes so good
It's a purple thing...hell I don't know. But he represents soft serve treats for mc d.  And birdie does not represent mc chicken nor is she a chicken!  Birdie is Breakfast foods.  Early Bird...get it?you mean EVIL GRIMACE - Grimace was the "Evil Grimace", with two pairs of arms with which to steal Triple-Thick Shakes. After that first campaign, the character was revised to be one of the "good guys", and his number of arms was reduced to two.. . Check out the video belowaccording to mc donalds web site....... Grimace is a big, loving, fuzzy purple fellow who is Ronald McDonald's best friend. He's sure Ronald is the world's ultimate authority on everything. While Grimace loves all McDonald's foods, he's absolutely crazy about milkshakes. Grimace is very enthusiastic and eager to try new things. His joyous spirit helps everyone overlook the fact he's a little slow and clumsy sometimes.. or...... my opinion....... he is just fat and purple from drinking too many shakes...not too sure thought sorry!!!!!grimace was the milk shake guyA clogged artery? lolThe forefunner to the purple teletubby, Tinky Winky, the "gay" teletubby:. http://www.familyeducation.com/article/0,1120,21-5198,00.htmlrelated to barneyGrimace is just Grimace. He's just a characterMaybe Grimace is the toy??  Or grape soda . . .a monster idk y he just looks like a monster
NOWhite rice is "hulled" rice and you get the inside part of the rice. Yellow rice is usually "colored" with saffron.Of course not, it's like an egg there's a brown one and a white one.No. it come's from padi field
EMI= Equated Monthly installment, it is an equal amount calculated on a loan payment containing interest and principal.. . NCR=Northern Capital Region, Delhi, noida, gurgaon, mathura etcwerth4rf
Cheap and convience. When I eat fast food, we are usually on the road for a long time and need to get some quick but cheap food to eat while on the road. Even though it is bad for you it still tastes hella good right?Have you ever noticed that the fast food places tend to be more prevalent in poorer areas.  Lets say you are really hungry. Lets say you only have a dollar.  What are you going to buy, a double cheeseburger from Mcdonalds or an Orange from the grocery store.  Most people would tend to go with the Mcdonalds because it is more likely to fill you up.  So really isn't an issue of lazyness,or convenience but one of economics.It tastes good and you don't have to wash dishes after.  There are at least 10 people over at my place on the weekends, when there is a lot like that I refuse to cook.  We usually have fast food.It taste so good.people aren't lazy but fast food is for just a break fast for the dayWe still having that because IT'S FAST and easier than cook by yourself.because its good, and you dont have to spend time making a meal at home, fast food is fast and if someones hungrey and they wants it now then they go get fast foodquick, easy and cheap.   I just had mcdonalds for lunch - because i didn't have time to make something before leaving for work, didnt feel like getting out of my car, and didn't want to spend a lot of money (dollar menu!) . Most days I don't eat fast food, but it is all about convienence.It tastes a lot better cause it's deep fried and you can get it pretty cheap too (most places have like a dollar menu)I say both. We hardly ever have fast food. Its when I get really stressed or tired and just can't get myself in the kitchen to cook.because it tastes good and yes, people are lazy.It's definitely convenience and maybe laziness in some.  Personally, I tend to eat more fast food when I'm very stressed knowing that I have healthy options in the fridge.Cause it taste good, unfortunately it seems to be proportionate, the more unhealthy, the better the taste.I agree with Mike A. I think that many employers don't allot much time for meals and this is also a factor.Fast food goes well with the fast life style so there you go!
Restaurants serve bigger portions to justify for the over priced food they serve to you.. . People are overweight because of the lack of self control and poor eating habits/choices, not because of this...the restaurants are not actually shoving it down our throats!!!I guess they don't want to hear anyone complain they didn't get enough food. The portions are so huge they're enough for two meals.They must be wealthy people. I have found that the more expensive, or exclusive, the smaller the portions.Restaurants serve large portions b/c the actual cost of the food is low.  And people like it when they get more then they can handle it makes then feel they are getting there moneys worth and in turn it makes the customer come backThey want you to get full, and leave as fast as possible lol.Restaurants serve what the public demands. No one forces you to eat everything on your plate. People should have the common sense to stop when full.true but most restaurants are so overprices that they compensate by giving us bigger portions!so you become full and come backThat's not the only reason! A good sized meal can be broken up into 2 or 3 if the person has self-control. The combinations of foods eaten together is also a reason, some foods should not be eaten together because they cause a bad interaction.Because of profit.  They feel you will come back if you feel that you get alot for your money.  They don't necessarily use the best quality, just give you quantity.  Due to this our waistlines are increasing due the increasing demand for profitability.  We really should frequent the restaurants which actually do serve a reasonable size portion of food.In order to impress the customer. So they will come back because they feel they get a lot for their money. Look at the Big Gulp.  The trick is eat at home and on smaller plates.They want you to feel you're getting the money's worth, & not being hungry after you finish. You can always ask the waiter or waitress to give smaller portions & they will advise the cook.
the community weblog has the detailsFlea markets are held at the Farm Show in Harrisburg every Sunday during the summer.  Believe the last one was in October.  The only thing I could find to help verify this, was the link below, it also includes a phone number you might be able to call to double-check.
"a la carte" means you order one dish at a time:  appetizer, main course, dessert and each has its own separate charge on the bill.. . Table d' hote means the restaurant or hotel dining room menu offers 3 or more courses for one price: usually consisting of appetizer, two or three choices of main course and dessert. Beverages are not usually included.. . Prix fix? is a flat cost for an entire meal and usually it is a good bargain but the beverages are also not included.A la Carte Menu is one that each dish is priced separately, like you have to pay for you soup or salad or both and you entree and dessert separate.Directory > Words > Dictionary. ta·ble d'h?te (t?'b?l d?t', t?'bl?) pronunciation. n., pl. ta·bles d'h?te (t?'b?l d?t', t?'bl?).. .    1. A communal table for all the guests at a hotel or restaurant..    2. A full-course meal offering a limited number of choices and served at a fixed price in a restaurant or hotel. In this sense, also called prix fixe.. . [French : table, table + de, of + h?te, host.]
Because they're 6 fingered and backward and from Bolton I guess !rednecks have the same reputation - interbreedingBecause they're from Bolton.  No other reason, no logic, no theory.... .                       they're from Bolton.well if you had six fingers wouldnt you be backward? are you from bolton?Because they're six fingered and backwards?Inbreeding...
i don't smoke but i can relate to the question by being a daily morning coffee drinker; that first cup is perfect, the ones after just keep ya going but the first one is like heaven.. so, anyway, the reason for this is due to the craving. as we give in to our craving we don't crave them as much.its just that simple.its the sulfer from the match..mmmmmmmWHAT IS THIS QUESTION DOING IN  [ FAST FOODS ] . SOMEONE OUT THERE IS SICK. YAHOO IS NOT DOING THEIR JOBThe tobacco is still fresh when it is initially lit and has not had a chance to go stale yet.Because the subsequent puffs are contaminated by the burned "tar" from each preceding puff.Because the filter is fresh and continually becomes more stale.It's a combination of (1) excitement/anticipation for the cigarette,  and (2) the addictive nature of tobacco.  Once you complete that first puff, the thrill diminishes, but you are now smoking and in the throes of your addiction so the rest becomes a habitual blur.  At that point it doesn't matter if each puff is as good as the first.  You are hooked and programmed into smoking that cigarette!!!
over mediumsunny side up. cooked with low heat to make the white cooked well n the yolk stays runny... with black pepper and sprinkle of salt... yummy!!poachedscrambled--w/a dash of salt, lots of pepper, & cheese. . . my mom has always put eggs in w/fried potatoes too...so it's like scrambled eggs & fried potatoes all together...good stuff.in a spanish omelet with onions and potatoesscrambled with melted colby jack and diced, sauteed yellow onionsany way. as long as it tastes good!sunny side upScrambled with salt, pepper and lots of cheese and toast on the side.In Pad Thai and sometimes over-hard with plenty of hot sauce! :Pmostly any way they comeIn a omlette, ham n chz.It depends on the day.  Either scrambled or over easy.I like my eggs so there not cooked all the way but not to were it isnt really even cookedOver easy & don't break the yolks.scrambled or hard-boiledOver medium (the whites cooked and the yolk runny)  Yummm!deviled w/ red pepperover medium.It tastes great especially the yolkBasted soft, then I dip my toast in runny yolk and eat. I eat left over whites with A-1 sauce.dump in the trash i don't like eggsscrambled with cheddar and onions with chopped taylor ham.  Lots of hot sauce.I like to mix them with a little milk and cheese and microwave them in a buttered dish.  Puffy scrambled eggs!Lol, I am in a chef class and today we made eggs 12 different ways. My favorite was baked with cheese and bacon.Medium-basted.  Just enough so that the yolk is still a little runny.scrambled or over easyScrambledscrambled with cheeseOver easy.In a Easter basketscrambled?deviledAs long as the whites are done, . I like 'em just fine !!. Thanks for askin' !. Can I get a side of hashbrowns with that ?over easy, I want the white part fully cooked but the yellow part runny.. funny IHOP can never get it right.
very good, you'll enjoy it.. . :> peace. .sucksoverall pretty good but to expensive. for the tourist.. go to one of the following instead:. 1. one if by land, two if by sea- Contemporary. 2. patsy's- Italian. 3. spark's- steaks and seafood. 4. Daniel- French and steaks. 5. Tavern on the Green (CRYSTAL ROOM ONLY)- Contemporary. 6. The Four Season's- Contemporary. 7. Gramercy Tavern- Contemporary. 8. Savoy- Contemporary. 9. The River Cafe- Contemporary. 10. Angelo's in Little Italy- Italian. 11. Le Bernadin- French. 12. Giambelli's- Italian. 13. The Sea Grill- seafod. 14. The Rainbow Room- Contemporary. 15. Pietro's- Italian. . make reservations, ask about the dress code, and menu prices. don't wait until the last minute. . you will enjoy one of these far more than The 21 Club!. enjoy and happy holiday's!rotten21 is fine.  they are really classy.Hey Now.... . Its a traditional, old money kind of place.... Also it is a very expensive place, expect to pay about . $70 per person.... It was a Speakeasy in the 20's,. many people dont know that you can ask for a tour of the . "old hidden wine celler" in the basement.... . Tie & Jacket are Required!!!. . When you ask for reservations ask about the tour.... Its real cool how they hid the door... . Smiles21 is a very "old school" NYC restaurant.  It was a speakeasy back in the prohibition era!. . The food is very good, and they have both a la carte and prix fixe menus to choose from.  Their "21 Burger" is very popular.. . They might have a special holiday menu when you go, at the least they will have a seasonal menu.. . The wine list is incredible!I have been there a few times and I really like it. They have a nice selection on their menu. You can get anything from a hamburger to a reg. meal. Just a warning that it is "expensive"...The food is very good, but overpriced. It's a popular spot for tourists and occasionally local celebrities.If you like to be in Touristy places, then this is the place for you.  Why don't you post another question and post what type of cuisine you are looking for.  This is probably be much more helpful.
To keep the cheese at the right consistency!  No one likes their cheese to harden up before they get it into their mouth!  :o)plates are put in a "salamnder"Well, sometimes when I'm in restaurants the plate will come hot because the food is so hot... maybe that's the case.The plates are kept warm, because things like rice and beans cool quickly especially when you put lettuce and tomato into the picture. I have an Italian restaurant and we warm our bowls so, the pasta stays really hot! Also many dishes are put under cheese melters. These units cook at 550 degrees, it melts cheese better that way.To keep the food hot.Is the cheese on your beans melted and almost bubbly?  The reason the plate is hot is b/c the cook puts the beans on the plate, then sprinkles the cheese on it and puts it into an oven to melt the cheese.  The plate ends up very hot, which in turn keeps your food nice and warm.  Pretty neat, huh?because they are smarter and care if you get hot or cold food. that may be the reason. I know I love it when I go to a seafood restaurant and they bring out  a plate inside of a special insulated plate and it keeps my food warm. I think this should be the norm in ALL restaurants...think about it. it is better for every customer.... . smile. good luck
it is a double foldit's just a pizza dough, folded over in half. if ya never eaten at howies, save your money! YUCKO!!!!
Sugar content in wines can be a cause of headaches.  Sulfates, allergies etc.  White wines usually have a higher sugar content then reds.It must be some sort of allergy to an ingredient or additive. I haven't been able to nail it. It happens with some wines, red or white, but not others.It's the sulfitesSome wines contain sulfites (a preservative). They can cause an allergic reaction in some people. Check the label.
Because you are paying for the restaurant operation itself.  The staff, the restaurant building itself, the product, and they have a markup that is 2/3 that of the price.  That is if the bottle of wine cost them $7.00, they would sell it at $21.00.  A retail store does not have the same overhead as a restaurant, but they too have a markup.If you go to a restaurant and buy a steak,does it cost you more than if you buy at a supermarket????????? it's the same thing kind of.They have to pay more taxes to goverment and you have the comfort to sit around in a a/c while you have your wine with a waiter at your disposal. These luxury will never come for cheaprestaurant has to creat a good impression on their rich costomers so they make the wine expensive so the poor people don't come their and creat a big nuicence and so the hotel become a 5 star  hotel............................ for the rich only.
This sandwich was invented in a city where the U.S. Navy had a submarine base. The torpedo rolls made it look like an (old) diesel sub. Hence the name. In other parts of the U.S., the same sandwich is known as a hoagie, a grinder, or a po'boy.. Go figure.Because it is kind of shaped like a submarine I guess.Joseph R. Sub, the man who coined the termWell,a sub sandwhich is shaped somewhat like a subway.During World War II, the commissary of the United States Navy's submarine base in Groton, Connecticut, ordered five hundred hero sandwiches a day from Benedetto Capaldo's Italian deli in New London, where the name 'sub' was soon applied to the item.
They might be a Christian company who wants bible verses. They can do that if they want. As far as hiring, maybe only Caucasians apply if they are located in mostly Caucasian areas, therefore they would have mostly Caucasian workers.because they were started by hitler, be pissed, then take it up with them if it matters enough to you, or are you a fucking hippie?RACIST!!!it dosent...ive only bin there once, (in vegas) and there was white and black ppl!This would be true in Orange County, CA as the population is mostly caucasion.  Its just a matter of geography, not racism.I've only ever eaten at the one in Vegas, and the staff was a pretty fair mix of races.  Maybe you should get out of your neighborhood a little more often. And really, does it hurt you to have a Bible verse wrapped around your food?The area where this restuarant is located, only has a population oc caucasion; futhermore, you should only realize that you are seeing Caucausion which you are not.You don't get out much do you? Different areas have different employees of all races, religions and colors. You sound racist.I'm sorry, but you have to be white to ask that question.  ;)I ate at one in Vegas that was fairly mixed.
Full board means you get all three meals provided. Half board means you get two meals, usually breakfast and dinnerFull board means all meals provided, half board usually means breakfast and lunch is provided.This is good question and I just found out what does that mean, thanks to youFull board, ALL MEALS provided. Half Board, partial meals provided, usually one a day.I'm with Marlin on this one.Full board - All the meals given with accomadation and all. . Half board - Breakfast and dinner with accomadationyep, everyone is correct here so far...Full board means you have to sleep on an 8'X10' plank.  Half board means they make you sleep on a 2'X4'.  Just kidding, it's the meal structure...All inclusive as opposed to 1 or 2 out of 3 meals included in price of stay.
to be honest i don't know, and really i cant tell the difference anyway!that the way it isI know KFC actually make the sandwiches/meal up to order so there should be no excuse.. . Next time you get refused, ask why, and if they don't give you a satisfactory answer ask to speak to the manager. If the manager doesn't give you a proper answer ask them who you need to complain to...get the address for their Head Office and send them a short, but polite letter asking for the reasons.THATS DUMB THERE JUST SO USED TO DOING SOMETHINGI work at Mc Donald's and if someone wants something fixed a certain way we try to accomodate it if we can. We have some people that want a big mack but don't want the middle bun. Maybe ay KFC (MC Donald's doesn't do this) they have the food already made up and they don't want to bother with special orders.i cant stand the toasted twister so i ask for it to not be toasted and up to now apart from 1 theyve no toasted em but the 1 they toasted i took it back and they did me a non toasted 1 .
Part of the designs on the cup itself are there for the employees making the drink.  There are boxes where they mark with a pen what kind of milk, custom drink, syrup, so that the baristas know what kind of drink to make.  As far as the other designs go, it's just for looks.Sometimes they don't put cardboard around itAt the Starbucks near me, the baristas stopped putting the wrap around the cup, but they have them out at the end counter where you go to get the coffee or latte, w/e it is, and you can take one and put it on, but if you use the drive thru, they put them on for you. . . I guess it's just because, if a person took the wrap off, they would want other people near them to see that the drink is from Starbucks.Just something else to overcharge the customers with........It's because a lot customers actually don't like to use the cardboard sleeves. They either take them off later or ask for their drink to be double-cupped instead. Yeah, it's a good advertising strategy but it's still kind of retarded, huh?it is all about marketing....advertise, advertise, advertise. people always end up taking the sleeves off, or they don't want their sleeve on there in the first place. gets their name out more. one drink is actually measured out by the lady on the cup...she is our measurement markingIts called advertising for that specific brand which just happens to be starbucks.cuz they wannait is called "brand"  "branding" or "branded" . has to do with advertisement** making something be specific about that product (brand) a concept that follows everything that the company does and very important how does it look and that it loos the same every where you go so it can be recognized as an specific brand or product.
Fool me once shame on you...Fool me twice shame on me...... . If they keep messing up why do you go there?  Or why don't you check your order before you leave?   When you were handed your drink didn't you notice IMMEDIATELY that it was the wrong size?I work at a Mc Donalds here in Wash state and when you are talking into the speaker make sure you are not yelling into it. It makes it hard to hear what people are ordering. Also there is noise from traffic also that comes over the headset that the person working drive-thru wears, and people that have noisy cars, like diesel engines can make it almost impossible to hear. The Mc Donald's that I work at is right across the road from the train tracks and when they blow the whistle it can almost blow out an ear drum of the person wearing the head set. You really should check your order before leaving, or when you pull up to the window tell them (Nicely) that you have had a problem in the past with getting the wrong order and you would like them to double check it. The person working the grill area onlt puts out the food that is up on the screen so the person taking the order is putting the wrong thing into the computer. If the Mc Donald's that you go to has a screen where you can view your order (LCD screen) make sure that it has the right thing on it.Oh, c'mon. They're just field testing their new "Improve Your Order" program, whereby they take your order, find the deficiencies in it, and fix them by giving you what you really wanted, not what you asked for.Stop going there. What do you expect from a place where you can get a cheeseburger for a buck? You get what you pay for.Be thankful - you got more and better things than you asked for. Yes, things go better with Coke.its fast food and they are paying someone 5 bucks an hour to give it to you, they dont careMost of the people who work there are Middle/High School kids. There is only like one grown-up supervising.Pretty common prob- I was in Wendy's on Sunday and a very irritated man came in because they gave him the wrong burger and skipped one item entirely.  Guess the pay is low and the employees aren't too motivated.That's because their so disorganized with everything they do. They only think of themselves and other things...if your McDonald's are anything like what we have, you don't talk to someone in the store when you go through the drive in. believe it or not you are talking to someone over seas. a lot of drive through places outsource the drive through person so they can save paying minimum wage.are you done yet?!You can check your bag before you drive off.  Also, you can try going to a different location. Where I live there's a McDonald's on every corner so it's not a big deal.  Try going in and ordering instead of going through the drive through.  . . I quit going to Burger King because they messed up my son's order every time we went.maybe they can't hear uIt's probably just the people who works there. Try finding a different location. I've never had a problem like this when I go to McDonalds.who care you get 4 extra nuggets and less pop... so whats the point??  maybe they know you and don't like you so they try and piss you off??  next time be niceThey don,t do it your way.Maybe the employee are hearing impeared.I don't know, I can't even eat there anymore, to weird.I found this to be true too.  Go out your area and go to another McDonald.I avoid the drive-throughs ever since I saw Lethal Weapon.
Absolutely. The atmosphere is half the dining experience. Otherwise why not eat at home?A restaurant's atmosphere or "mise en sc?ne" must always be appealing, yet it is the actual taste of the food that ensures a solidified costumer base.Yes buddy the design and atmosphere in an restaurant is the most important factor after the food quality, service etc..yes. it is important. but that depends also on how much they charge. the price of the food and all.Yes. It gives me more pleasure.The food is the ultimate importance but resturant design has a big effect on if I would eat at a place or not.As long as the place is CLEAN and fairly comfortable, and the food is good, it doesn't matter in the slightest to me.
well to be honest its not that great i have had better way better but am not stopping you go head go try it you might like go try round table pizza best pizza in the world i promise thatIt can't be the worst - Domonos is... It tried Dominos 3 times seperated by 3 years and each time I could not eat it. I wouldn't give it to my dog. I like liver so I'm not a picky eater.i dont like it either the sauce tasted funny and the crust was burnt!! but who knows it might be just what you like... i like greasey cheesey pizza like house of pizza and others hate it lol so its all in the taste of the person.Slice of New York Pizza in Santa Clara is the worst. pizza in the the world.  dose  that stop you for try it yourselfI am sure you can spare yourself from this place and still never miss going to them for Pizza. Even Pizza Hut is better!
Laquisha went on Maury Povich to find her baby daddy.  4 men had been tested but da test result was negative.lost
In between the lunch and dinner shift, anything other than peanuts (food, paper, etc.) is swept up.  At the end of the night, each server sweeps his or her area, but they cannot sweep within 10 feet of the guest...So if you ever go late and see a server giving you the evil eye, you'll know why.An elephant in the back room possibly?Sweep them up.. . Duh?There not going to. They plan on geting enough down there to make an actual floor. I don't know how there going to do it but thats the plan.They probably just sweep them up and throw them away.. However, the peanut oil in the peanuts is excellent for the wood floors, thus is why they leave them laying around for a bit.
It means a homemade meal that fits into a lunch sack (those small brown bags that kids used to take to school with a sandwich, a fruit, chips and pudding.) This could be anything appropriate for a lunch sack. That is a sack meal. Good luck.it comes in a sack... . . explain more..are you going to a event and they say to bring a sack lunch?A sack is a paper bag that people carry meals in.a meal that you can carry in a paper sack . . .. . it used to be that people would use paper sacks before there were lunch boxes.
Their positions in the company I guess.the different positions and they do change colors often my cousin is a manager at onePositions and Rankings with in the stores. Why don't you ask them?crew,asst,.mang.,  mang.,maybe even some mickey d's have certain shirts for the "janitors" as welltheir position and Job duty'srankings....Different colours can mean different positions, crew, crew chiefs and managers.  There may be different coloured shirts for each position though because McDonalds likes to change the colour schemes every couple of years.Their level, to signify whether they a normal worker or mgmt.
The biggest marketing time of the year.It is Christmas as pronounced by someone with a harelipChristmas--is the celebration of the birth of Jesus Christ.  An occassion wherein you got to to see all of your relatives, friends and neighbors.A typo.Christmas is when Jesus was born.  And we celebrate him.Christmas is Jesus's birthday.It is the celebration of the Birth of Jesus Christ -His birthday.  It is celebrated in many different ways:  Church services, parties, presents, dinners, fasting . . .. . It is a National Holiday; some people choose not to celebrate and some don't believe in it -depending on each religion.a holiday
i think their r very less people who dont like sardars .  god have madethem diiferent from others . their speaking style, thier working everthing is differentYes they do..............In fact they like everybody who is queer, has a vacant expression, has loads of money and is eager to blow up his dough to show off.. These qualities are much desired and thus girls like Sardars or Surds who are epitome of "Have it so flaunt it" principle.. . Similarly they like Gujjus, Neuvue-Riche East Bengalis, Bangladeshis and PathansIn general, any community members, so long as they are human beings (not just physically), responsible and sensible; they are liked by girls.. . By this question, what is your hidden problem?yes , my best friend is  a sardarGirls respect Sardars kinda brave people!!!!!
It is a french version of Beef Stew. It has red wine and black olives in it if either of those is a problem.I found this recipe that says it was previously called gardianne. http://www.flickr.com/photos/widderson/49323691/in/set-211789/
It's just that.  It's a check list to make sure that the equipment is being serviced when it needs to so it will function properly and won't break down causing loss of service at the store.You got me on this one and I use to be a manager but last time I worked as one was in 1987.Don't know, dude.  But it sounds like you're asking for proprietary information.
I think it is because sites need to access certain pieces of data often, so this data is stored in a file to speed things up. If the file wasn`t stored on the disk it would have to be downloaded every time it is accessed and that would greatly slow things down.whats that, i dont know of any cookie other than the one you eat.Because they taste so goodTo store the information regarding their selves.like on a shopping site if u made an account it is difficult for u to rember its password n username so the cookies contain ur account info n when next time u open the site u will automatically logged in.well we are on this site and its a PARTY.. . I bags the choc chip cookies and you?to help speed the internet upso spyware can send u pop upsThere are many reasons a given site would wish to use cookies. These range from the ability to personalize information (like on My Yahoo or Excite), or to help with on-line sales/services (like on Amazon Books or eBay), or simply for the purposes of collecting demographic information (like DoubleClick). Cookies also provide programmers with a quick and convenient means of keeping site content fresh and relevant to the user's interests. The newest servers use cookies to help with back-end interaction as well, which can improve the utility of a site by being able to securely store any personal data that the user has shared with a site (to help with quick logins on your favorite sites, for example).If your question is reated to computers and internet, . . Every website site address will be stored with the path from where the information is loaded. . . If you use the same website multiple times, to reach the path  fast, the system stores and uses the path address.for the convinence of visitorsCUZ....THEY ARE HUNGRY...SITES NEED TO EAT TOO!Same reason we do.Martin had the right answer...I think... :-PwhatSo that every time you visit that site it remembers you.  And your personal settings on that site.
There are already a lot of good answers to this, so I won't repeat. BUT, how hungry was some poor soul when they figured out how to eat it???steam it.  (in a microwave w/water and some rosemary or basil is good covered w/ saran wrap).. then melt some butter for dipping.. . Pull off each leaf and dip it in butter then scrape between front teeth.  Throw away rest of leaf.  When you get to the middle, cut out the soft Choke and eat it too.I dip it in ranch dressingLOVE LOVE LOVE artichokes!  . . boil for 30 minutes and peel off leaves, only eat the ends and even at that you just scrape off the "meat" from the ends -- dip in butter, lemon or mayo. . or peel most of the artichoke off and bakeCAREFULLYmuch like a turnipoh you cook it then dip it melted butter.......thats good stuff....put it in your mouth and then start chewing, when it is in small enough pieces, swallow.... and also try to do it w/out choking...Your avatar makes you look like you swallowed one whole.Steam. remove outer leaves, dip in mayonaise... set  front teeth on leaf, pull forward. Enjoy. Artichokes are why god made mayonaise.you bite down and pull it away from you so you get everything off the leafy thing.... yuuuummmmmyyySteam it for 20 minutes, pull each leaf off, dip it in butter, and scrape off the soft part with your teeth.  When you get toward the middle, you can just bite the base of the leaves off.  . Once all the leaves are gone, scrape the fuzzies off the top cup shape, dip the stem & heart in butter and enjoy one lovely bite at a time.  . . Man, that sounds good.1. Remove outer leaves: After washing under cool water, snap off tough outer leaves close to the stem until you see pale-green layers..  . 2. Trim the top: Use kitchen shears to cut off the sharp tips from all exposed leaves; you will only need to trim about half an inch..  . 3. Trim the stem: Using a sharp paring knife, slice off enough of thick stem to form a flat base so the artichoke can sit upright in the steamer basket and on the plate..  . 4. To eat, pull off leaves one by one. Dip in sauce; scrape off fleshy part with your teeth. Then spoon out and discard prickly choke. Cut up the tender heart, and dip in sauce.
Some occupations will allow children to work as young as 16 but alot of them will not hire anyone younger than 18..   Child  labor laws and OSHA  mandate these limitations..    Being a bus person may be one of those situations where your daughter may be employable but places like Pizza Hut,Taco Bell,MacDonalds,Burger King etc would probably be her best bet.I think it is 15. but a lot of place have their own policy where they cant hire anyone under the age of 16.its 1814, but you have to have a permit and only work certain hours of the day and there is also a limit of hours per week.It depends, usually 14-16yrs, but the UNICEF considers age 12 to 14. It all has to do with what the job is, I'm sure that the younger the more restrictions, I guess for a bus person it would be 16 here I don't think it changes in CO.17
You definitely have to go to an authentic Italian restaurant..  It is also popular in Argentina, where it is known as sambay?n. i have to go now I'm hungryTry the zabaglione house on 1st & Main, its the best zabaglione I have ever had.I don't know what country you're in so I can't give advice... But zabaglione is sooo delicious! Hope you find one... I'd say Italian (obviously) - maybe a cafe.. . Oh, ok - Rome! In that case I have no idea... wierd.
We've had this question before. 2 + 2 is a mathematical problem.4mathematically, 4. idiotically, 22tell u but mail me at arunonly1@yahoo.co.inis 2 + 2.I don't know.  I failed chemistry.2 piles of (sand, hair, money, salt, etc) + 2 piles of (sand, hair, money, salt, etc) = 1 big pile of (sand, hair, money, salt, etc)two eggs and two slices of bacon. . this is in the dining out category    Isn't it?2 + 2 what? It would depend if you're talking about apples and oranges or what?the answer is definitly 4. but u were asking what is; so i think it'll still be 2+2.foursomeFour. . Thank you very much for the easy 2 pts. :)Avagadroe's number times the square footage of heaven plus the volume of space, then times 9,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999 to the 8 billionth power, minus 1, times pie to the 90 millionth didget. I'll have the results for you soon.Of course 4. R u really like that childish? Don't joke me!2+2 is the most psychologically settling mathematical question to the human mind. The human mind does not like 1+1, for some odd reason. 2+2 seems more simple somehow.. . Note how instead of asking 1+1, you ask 2+2. Why is that? It's because humans like 2+2. It's like symmetry. Humans seem to find symmetry settling somehow. We like evenness. 1+1 or 3+3 just doesn't cut it.4. didn't u have a childhood?. lol jk. have a nice day! : )well it could be 6, if both couples are expecting!. :)six. now stop asking dumb questions4. Now add the two points I get for answering this question and you get six. :)4 dummy and by the way thanks for the 2 points4 right? or is that 2*2...the right answer is 4. but idiots say 22=2 cuz of the points4 count two fingers and add them together you have 4Alternatively, we could have added a general rule of the form:. adding_law(R,X,Y) :- adding_law(R,Y,X).. This says that if law R says that X=Y then it also means. that Y=X  -  equality is symmetric.. However, this leads prolog into its own infinite stuttering search. So we'll stick to using associative law 2+2=422. . if you follow the logic of 2 and 2 side by side.well its 4 DUH thanks for the 2 points4 and thanks 4 the 2 points oh i dint know i could get points sooooo easily!5...think about itIf the values above are strings: 22. If the values above are integers:  4. . But don't take my word for it:. http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&q=2%2B2
Just remind yourself why he is in jail...it's time to say good bye!!!I've been there.  There's no getting around it.  You either do it over the phone or in a letter.  Personally, I think over the phone is best.  If things don't go over well send a letter and try to better explain why you feel like you do.  Just try and be as sensitive as possible.If it's possible do it when you go visit him. But it's going to hurt him anyway, depending on how deep his feelings are for you. He'll play it off to his buddies like it's no big thing, then when he's alone he might cry or just shrug it off. I know it wasn't right but I broke up with a guy in prison who had asked me to marry him and had divorced his wife of 23 yrs. so he could. He was sent to prison for 5 years and in that time I realized how drug induced our feelings were and wrote him a letter telling him I had met another man I was going to marry and move out of state. It worked. Make sure this is what you want to do before you do it.Well,there are two ways you can look at it?You were with before he went in right?depending on the lenght of time he has,years or life!he shouldn,t have a prob with letting you go.Or since he isn,t home right now,you have found another focust in your life for a better which is cool,i think!or you just plain,don,t feel for him anymore,,Simply,be truthful within self of your choice,and right or phone when he do,preferablely write to him and express how you feel regards too,now,two things either he will hate your guts,call you every name under the sun,but he will one day understand more of your reasons for doing so,Honey!you can,t hurt him no more!then he has already hurted himself?Seems!like you can,t take long distance or the patience!however?it may be for the best!keep your head up,!!!Think about why he's in jail.  Even if it's something you consider minor, the jury obviously didn't think so.  You know he's not a keeper, probably because he's in jail.  If he's not a keeper, then why worry about his feelings?In my opinon the best way to break up a jail relationship is to tell the person how much you care for them, but you can no longer live this way. You need someone that will be there for you, someone to hold you, always there when you need them. And him/her being locked up cant help you out with any of your needs. Also make sure to tell the person that when they get out that you MAY be able to restart whatever it was you all were doing before they were sentenced to jail. But you do not have to restart your life with the person if you do not want to. Make sure you make that plain and clear!!!!!!!Did he consider that he was hurting you when he committed whatever crime he committed to get him put in jail in the first place?I broke up a jail relationship....but um...what I did was to stop visiting him and writing him...and then get married to someone else...and move across the country. I hear he is quite pissed. Well, he shouldn't have gotten himself into jail in the first place!
Stop wearing those dresses under your diving suit!    You nerd...Aw, sweetie i like you already. Just the fact that you took an interest in finding out what you can do shows there's nothing wrong with you shes probably just a b****. Maybe if you act like a jerk and treat her like crap she will come running. Find a nice girl, there r still a few left, and when you find her be yourself but be upfront... Don't wait 6 months to tell her, u don't want to get the "friend" label cause then your screwed. Good Luck!Be friends with her friends.  And be a gentlemen, open doors for other girls, say yes ma'm, buy her lunch and don't run your mouth too much.You can't make someone like you.  Don't try doing anything silly just to try and get them to like you.. . JUST BE YOURSELFBe yourself...&. Flirt with herBe yourself and make Kompliments !just tell her that ye r a " real " innocent boy and MEAN it and prove yerself to her by helping her in her problems of daily life as far as ye can and DONOT call her frequently if her family or herself doesnt  like it and always  give her a chance to be better than you and have a first hand at everything..   . .  also tell her that ye like her very much but not lustly and ......... get her out to dates if she can go! BUT wth enough MONEY!. . ALSO IT WILL BETTER IF YE TELL HER EVERYTHNG ABOUT YERSELF SO AS TO REMAIN TRUTHFUL AND THAT WILL give ye grip on her AND FINALLY SHE WILLLL BE YERS!take her out and tell her hey i want to get to know very well and maybe one day i would like to be ur man and u can be my girl and we will love each otheryou can't trick girls into liking you...either they do or they don't...if they don't you move on...punch her arm, throw dirt in her hair, tease her, oh im assuming your in 2nd grade, but if your in high school pass her a note, if your out of high school or want to really do it well, take her out to a nice resturant and treat her like a lady.try talking to her, ask her out, see what happens, don't act stupid, and dont do anything you will regret... Have fun you only get one chance at life..You need to like yourself first, if you expect anyone to like you.  Be yourself and be honest.
go and eat the food there. see the kind of service and the way the food is served . check the quality and taste of food. the ambience and the treatment given to you. the ratesspy on the restaurantyahoo local pagego eat thereGo there and eat and decided if you have to wait long for a table, was the staff friendly, was the food served promptly, was it warm and tasty, was the food cheap, moderately priced or expense, was the atmosphere nice, what in particular did you like about the restaurant, do they have a specialty, would you go back again, anything else that catches your attention while there.  Before you go, make up a little check list and make notes as you go through it at the restaurant.  Use your check list as an outline, and when  you get home write a little report.  Have fun.
George Washington was fairly wealthy on his own, but it was his wife, Martha, who brought what was then massive wealth to his coffers.  A twenty-first equivilant would be John Kerry marring Heinz heiress Theresa Heinz.  Washington DC isn't really that rich, being beholden to congress for its funding, and Washington State I believe is in a deficit right now.his face is on every U.S. one dollar bill.. Can you imagine how much royalty money he gats, every year?Because it has a big old printing press with lots of ink with which to manufacture dollar bills.By colonizing all the world.. . Washington means USA.Are you talking about George Washington, Washington D.C., or Washington state? Need more info.Slavery!coz people there are not corrupt.I would like to know..
At one point in time, they did have them.  It was years and years ago, and only a promo thing for a month or so.  I wish they would bring it back too!Oh man they are so far from thinking of making a Jr. Mac. They just changed the style of bread for chicken sandwiches and started making iced coffee. Just take off any excess you don't want, yeah that sucks.That is very intriguing. I agree, they are too big. Maybe we should bring the idea up to McDonalds.Don't think they would do itman why mess with perfection,,,,it is bringing a tear to my eye. . 2 all beef patties ,special sauce ,lettuce cheese onions on sesame seed bunthey had them out on the dollar menu where i live a couple of years ago. but all you gotta do is ask for a cheese burger- no ketchup w/ big mac sauce and lettuce- some mcdonalds try to charge like 40 cent extra- i've been doing that for years- cause i agree with you- two all beef patties can be a bit too muchNow sing along with me:. . "One largely beef patty, not terribly special sauce, day-old lettuce, something that looks like cheese but never saw a cow, no pickles or onions, on whatever kind of bun that's on sale this week.". . Having a Little Mac Attack, yet?i hate that "special sauce " on them! uck!!
You have got to be kidding me.. . The Chinese use them to eat...they're sticks.they r 2 sticks, same length. usually tapered in one end. Use mainly in Asian country. From China origin, use as a eating utensil. We chinese use Spoon and chopsticks to eat mostly instead of fork and spoon.chopsticks are sticks that you eat chinese food with. hard to use though. i never use them cause they look hardMy legs!Chopsticks are for people that don't know how to use a fork.moronMy pet name for my old boyfriendthese are a couple of sticks used to eat chinese foodtwo sticks you eat chinese food withThey are wooden utensils used mostly by Chinese, Japanese to eat with like we use a fork they are a little hard to handle but with practice you will be a pro. kids love to try them out if you go to a Japanese or Chinese restaurant just ask they usually have them available for free.  If you have a Genghis Japanese steak house in your area go on your b-day and ask for the b-day pkg it's about $5.95 and includes a Polaroid pic and a beautiful pair of chopsticks in a wooden box to keep as a souvenirChopsticks are basically two sticks of equal length used as an eating utinsil in Asian cultures.two sticks used for eating, like a fork.They are kinda sticksIt is just meat that is chopped up and formed into a patty, much akin to our beloved hamburger.  OH!!! I thought you said chopped steak!!Chopsticks are the traditional Chinese/Japanese dining flatware.  Instead of a knife and fork, they use two carved sticks to grab their food. Usually one is held between the thumb and index finger and the other It is held between the index finger and middle finger.  It is their traditional belief that if your food needs to be cut with a knife that it has not been adequately prepared, hence no need for a fork and knife.Asian silverware. Two thin sticks ofter made of wood, porcelain, or plastic, used to pick up and eat food.
the reason it is here in the us is because we have more mexicans than mexico. not many hispanics in the middle east and they probaly never tried it. if u opened a franchise i bet u could get rich!Because if you tell people to run for the border, you would have another refugee crisisthey have taco bell in texas. they have both a taco bell. and pizza hunt or taco bell. and kfc or you can go to kfc. mcdonnils or wendys or you. could eat at the mallWhat part of Texas is that in?Go to Yam Yam Tree. http://www.bahraintourism.com/yumyum/index.htm. Bahrain fast food in. http://www.accessgcc.com/DetailsList.asp?hCatID=100As long as there's Taco Bell in Texas, you can just get all the people in Bahrain to go to the Texas locations.they have their own fast food places over there, they don't usually eat mexican food 'cause Mexico is really far away from middle east! But I ate mexican food in a fast food place in middle east.i dunno, its weird there are no taco bells anywhere in the middle east...but ive seen most other big fast food chains. there are mcdonalds, burger king, kfc...Isn't there one on the military base??
it's a mixture.........probably with salmonella and rabies......added in........... . that........and the fact that they are short, short..............it's called "pulque", that mexicans luv! so i'd say it'd have to be the beer.Not ALL mexicans are FAT and not ALL mexicans drink beer!!!!. im mexican and i'm hella skinny and also a lot of ppl in my family dont drink and i have never had even a drop of beer in my life!!!!!!you probably carry one of your own dontya buddyWell, this is nice and racist. REPORTED.It's not because of that, is because of lack of exercise, and the increase of consumption of American fast food.its defenatly the drinking drugs are legal in mexicoyou really shouldnt stereotype...even though i do ask the same question.....i think its bothWell because they don't exercise and mexican food tend to have lots of grease (fat) and the beer as well,it's fattening.Holy, i have to say i am appalled at this question!!! i am married to a gorgeous mexican man... and he has six pack abs...  mmmm  he's yummy... and loves to eat and drinks lots of beer... not all mexicans have big bellies...and not all americans do and not all asians do, and not all africans do.. it's just people in general...  i say PEOPLE  not races... why do others have to be so close minded.  GEEZ!!! GROW UP PEOPLE!!!!Not all Mexicans have big bellies!!!!  I find your question rude and offensive!!!!!!!  How dare you talk about one particular race when it should be a general question for PEOPLE!!!!  Im MEXICAN.  MY HUSBAND IS MEXICAN AND YOUR LITTLE A** SHOULD BE REPORTED!!!!!!!!!Perhaps the same reason that any other race would have a large belly. I don't believe that it's just a Mexican problem. Look at most of the people in our Mid West States. What is their excuse. or yours.They call this a "Beer Belly" and people of all races suffer from it.  But, I don't think beer has a lot to do with it.  In my own case, I have found this condition to be the result of improperly digested foods and failure to fully eliminate waste.  When I add lots of yogurt to my diet, I get surprisingly slim.Why do you have such a big fat belly? Is it because all you do all day long is sit here at the computer and ask questions about Mexicans? Maybe you sit on a bench all day eating burritos in front of an El Charro's restaurant and wish you could be mexican. You poor uneducated fat dummy. Go get some exercise.If you ask me.....mexicans are not the ones who are fat, I think you had better take another look around you. Maybe they just stand out in a crowd because they are so good looking, at least my husband is.....Another of your 'I don't like Mexican questions' that is pointless.  In fact, the person who said they were going to report you needs to include the rest of your questions as well...so I guess I'll do it.You are NOT nice, amigo/aWhy pick out Mexicans for the fat belly? The big beer belly is probably a fatty liver as seen on many, many gringos. It seems the asker has a special bias against Mexicans...did somebody take your job? I am personally offended by your anti-Mexican questions, inflammatory and inappropriate. Reported.Every question that you have asked.Are about Mexicans.What are you trying to prove?it is all the rich foods as well as the beer
Once a girl begged me to piss on her so I did and she lapped up a few of my splashes. It was the most un-erotic thing I have ever done but it was great to tell my mates afterwords.. Her name was Charlotte from London and she wanted me to defecate on her as well, total psycho!it wont do you any harm, could you not taste the differance???Hee hee  :-)    Bet you won't do that again in a hurry!do we have to  know this, you make taffs look stupid, I know this isn't normally the case, ask anne robinsonsee prvious answer. I aint typing it again lad.I bet that sort of thing happens all the time.... . to really weird dudes.....lol well accident do happen lol you poor thing at least it was your own wee  lol     cringeI don't believe you - no one is that stupidThanks for the chuckle, but seriously if you start feeling sick go see your Dr. your running a high risk of infection after doing that...Good Luck!I bet your skin is looking good.. . .  Apparently drinking your own piss clears the skin!!can i say yukkk!!!. and ur so stupid for forgeting and leaving it beside your can of drink
The Bennigan's in Maplewood, MN closed completely a few months ago.  I heard they went out of business.Wi?because they are not open
where i live their called Ryans and they are nasty. the bosses are arsholes, the wait staff are terrible and the food sucks. i bet they closed because the company is in a law suit.I live in Mich. and  we had a Fire Mountain that was excellant.  Good food, price, service, clean, never ever got sick and food so fresh, steak tender.  Then all of a sudden, closed and reopened to Ryan's.  Terrible.  All new help, terrible service, food is awful, prices went up, steaks dont even know if they are and got sick so I will not go back.  I heard that the employees were making too much getting up there in senoirity and they sold out to that franchise.  Bad choice for them.well maybe it was making people sickIt moved to DurhamI have no idea but I live in Dunn NC.
Dairy Queen on Bandera - place full of cockroaches!! My Sam Buffet off of I-10 its all illegals working there - they are drunk and on pot when they work so becareful cuz you might get some pot in the dishes. I seen it happen!this japenese restaurant called DOZO!!!Here in San Antonio, the worst food I've ever had comes from a catering truck that parks behind my wife's workplace.  I'll have to find out what restaurant they are from to give you more details if you wish.. . Otherwise, I cannot say I have had a "gross" restaurant experience in San Antonio.  If your question were posted about another city, or dining out in general, I would have some "doozies" to tell you.. . P.S.  I could not find a Don Pablo's, Dozo, Waffle House, nor Eats here in San Antonio - I think some people are confused about your categorization of the question.A plce called Texas State.Vietnamese in Phanrang VietnamBlimpieeat's,,,,,,i had a freakin hairball in my freakin cole slaw,,,,and it was big and nasty ,,,anyway i puked all over their tablethe one i work at.  heheit was a mom and pop place and I ordered biscuits and gravy and there was so much grease in the gravy it was literally in puddles on top of hte biscuits!  A TRUE GREASY SPOON!Ryans buffet..in Ks....man they sukked!The food was just gross and the place was messy and dirty bathrooms..oh man!The Waffle House.I used to like it (at 2:00 am) but I went there one afternoon sober and realized how horrible it wasDon pablos! The food there used to be good, but our food came out cold. And my pathetic excuse for a quote "enchillada" was soggy and gooey.I don't remember the name, because it was a while ago, but the burger my brother ordered had a bug crawling on under the bun. :(
Rock Lobster, Sunset Passion Colada, and Cheddar Bay Biscuits! My mouth is watering right now....I love the biscuits and shrimp scampi! It is the best!I have had a really bad time at RL each time we go. However, it was on the weekend.I like the dinner with everything, I can't remember what it's called.  I also love the cheddar bisquits.  There isn't a lot of seafood where I live (landlocked) so it's a special treat to go there.I actually like the chicken stripshate chainsTHE BREAD THAT THEY BRING OUT WITH THE SALADS OMG.... THAT IS THE SHITCrab Alfredo and a lobster tail. Get it every single time.omg the biscuits!!!!! I LOVE THEM!!  :)
Here's the historical weather chart:. http://qwikcast.weatherbase.com/weather/weather.php3?s=082134&refer=its is gonna be rainign heavily. . going by my past experience
We LOVE it!  My hubby loves the salad bar, and the burgers are great.  I just really wish they hadn't messed around with the onion straws-they were my fav and the new ones just aren't as good.  We go there quite regularly.Great for lunch-don't take your first date therei like it there.  I guess i am the only one.  I love the bison burgers.they have ruined their reputation with a crappy menu and overpriced foodPretty good when you haven't had a lot of American food recently.  After living in remote parts of the world, Ruby Tuesday's was a nice treat.They have a really nice salad bar, and large sized menus that are easy to read, especially when you're sitting at the bar and have had a few too many Corona's.  I have never had problem with their service, or their food.  It's pretty hard to screw up salad and french fries and a burger, I think.i hate it...the selection is horribe and the food is even worsegreasyWorst. Service. Ever. The one time I went tarnished my opinion forever.Awesome.. It's pretty goodI like the resturant. But it would depend on if you like burgers weather anyone else would like it.only there one time had good service and the food was prepared the way I wanted it so no complaints so farGood Burgers.  But it's a chain restaurant, they are all alike in one way or another.They stink!I like it, especially the drink specials. The menu is a bit... weird, too many burgers and burger-y things IMO.sucks worst than Fridays glorified fast food restaurantI love the salad bar!!!! The one I go to in Woodland CA the salad bar is freezing cold lots of choices. I do agree their menu is limited. You have burgers and misc. But I go there for the salad bar. The burgers are good!
You are not lost, not now, because you ask yourself that question , and that's a first step to your answer. You have the right question, and know you will search for the finest answer witch will help you to stay alive...Ask who told you how to get home and not be lost.your lost when your not foundHuh?  your question indicates that you are already lost.
The exteriors of main buildings, structures, ancient palaces, market places were painted in Pink till recent past and the overall look of the city was pink in shade, that is why it is also called Pink City.. . However, now the things have changed and still changing, but the reference as Pink City is still recoganised.Jaipur as well as many of the other cities in rajasthan have nicknames by color. Jaipur is the Pink city bcoz all the buildings have a pinkish tint to them. Udaypur(another city in Rajasthan)is known as the white city bcoz the majority of the buildings are made of marble there. Jaisalpur is known as the Yellow city bcoz many of the buildings there are made of sandstone and therefore give off a yellowish tint.cos most of the building either made from pinkies stone or pink paintas there are the buildings which are made up of reddishpink stone.coz the buildings give a shade of pink in the eveningThe old city of Jaipur when it was under the rule of Maharani Gayatri Devi was surrounded by walls on all sides. These walls were made up of Red Stones, but the stone walls appeared Dark pink in colour and hence it came to be known as the Pink City. These walls still exist in the old cityit depends on the person's eye if a blind man sees it he will not say that jaipur is a pink city............ if a person who is colour blind will never call jaipur a pink city....... he will call it a colour less city............ tricky but a common scense question.......
If it is a female that left you at the table consider it as experience. But if it was a friend of yours that you have known for 2 or 3 years.. Pay the check, then find that person and then in your own way.. make him pay for it... the best way you can think. of with out leaving any blood  of theirs on your clothes or hands.. Oh! and Please make sure there are No Witnesses.Don't go out to dinner with that person again.  Hope you have the money to cover the bill.My grandfather once said if you lend someone $50 and never see them again, then it was a bargain. I say you pay the bill and tell this jack*** that you will not be hanging with them until they square it up, and any future outings are separate checks. If they don't square up, then good riddance. You are only out the cost of a dinner and now you know you don't need this moochin' sandbag in your life. That is not a friend, man. That's a scav.slowly  ..  slowly RUN FROM THERE !!pay and then send them the bill with the name of the restraunt on it so they will never no u sent itpay and never talk to that person again!!!pay they check, find the person, whip that asswell isn't the guy supposed to pay i mean really you need help with grammer i can see why they left.Depends on how much the bill was.I would pay and not stiff the server, but I would def. square up with the so called friend, that left you in that position, and if that wasnt possible, I wouldnt be hanging out with them anymore. Is a $10 dinner really worth ruining a friendship you ask?? Well, obviously the friend didnt think very much of you to just leave you hanging there with the bill....and wasnt comfortable enough with asking you to cover his back and then he would pay you back. Good Luck!Pay the bill leave a good tip.   Then go to where they live and dump garbage all ove rthe front lawn.There's dishes in the back; you gotta roll up your sleeves.Pay then find the person and take that money from them!I certainly wouldn't go out to dinner with that person again!Pay and don't talk to them any more.  There are better people in the world.I would pay the check....then in the future, that particular person would be notified when we sat down for a meal, that he or she would be expected to pay their share of the meal.  In fact, I would inform the waiter that there would be two checks one for me and one for the other person.I would pay. Nothing else you can do about it.Pay for it and never talk to that person again. . TI is a king!
Dude if that was me, my concern would be, how would I crank off one? To hell with how I wipe my crack......who cares?He gets his mommy to help himOMG!  You should get 10 points for asking this question!. LMFAO!. . OR.......better yet........ . What does he do if he's by himself, and has the runs?hmm he could always drag his butt and rub it on the floor lolHe doesn't.He asks your motherif he has a long tongueHe has someone elce do it for him......That's what moms are for!! lol.uses the family cat stinkywhat do u think he has his mommy do itHow does he get his pants up and down in the first place?With Great Difficultywhat if his mommy doesn't live with him....i worked with a guy that had no arms but never got the courage to ask him that very same q...maybe he had a buddy system with the dwarf that i worked with....he'll let the dwarf use him as a stool to take a leak if the dwarf wipes his ass...i dunno...and i really did work with a dwarf too at the same place.He would have to learn to use his feet or get someone like you to do it for him.
I just want my 2 points because other people actually answered it.pressure difference betweem top and bottom of straw.  . . Sum forces, acting down to push water out of straw = weight of water plus (pressure acting on top of water column * area of column {straw}).  . . Force acting up to keep water from running out of straw = pressure acting upward (atmosphere) * area of straw.. . Set force up = force down, you get that the column of water will descend until the weight of the water left in the straw = area of straw * (upward pressure {atm} - downward pressure {partial vacuum on top of column because it moved down a little}).Funny: Because the water thinks your cover is the ground! Being up side down, couldn't make a straight decision.Because pressure. If you cover the top if the water came down a vacuum keeps it there as no air can enter though the top.Your finger creates a mini vacuum.  It's that simple.when you covert he top it creates a vacuum and whatever is in the straw gets trapped and cant come out.
As a employee of a fast food joint the answer is simple.  The person in the window just doesn't care.  Especially at night when it's some stupid kid who's just there to pay their cell phone bill and make enough money to buy his next joint.all fast food places are condamint nazi's they never want to give the extra sauce ou ketchup up they act like it comes out of there paychecksAre you speaking to them in English? . Maybe they are Mexicans working a job Americans don't want.. Try asking in Spanish.yeah, corporate america is greedy and stupid. They want you to pay a dollar for fries that cost them a total of .57 to make and then want to be stingy with ketchup. even worse is trying to get honey for your nuggets. you get one for every six nuggets.because the people who work there don't care about the customers.  they think that'll we'll probably just drive off and not check our bags. i agree that they should put enough ketchup and napkins to go with your order.  i mean we are paying OUR money!yeah that annoys me too! ketchup should automatically come with your meal! i wanted sweet and sour sauce but they would only give me 2 and no more. mcdonalds makes billions why cant they spare some sauce?well, here they ask if you want a sauce with your fries...but we have to pay for itBecause of our obsession with eating healthier, they're not making money at the rate they used to, so now they're cutting costs. Try reading Fast Food Nation.  You'll get even more irritated.their cheap and have a budget they have to go by. Not all people need ketchup and napkins if their going thru the drive thru cause a lot of people are taking there food somewhere to eat and not eat while their driving. now why they do it inside the resturant, I have no idea but that really pisses me off!Yes they are getting ridiculous with this..I remember a time when they automatically added these to your bag now you have to beg. burger King even went as far as to charge 15 cents per condiment GET REAL! they are multi-billion dollar companies because they are cheap..ha habecause they are cheapMore importantly, why do you insist on eating there when there is plenty of local, healthy, and good tasting alternatives?They definitely do it to save money. It ticks me off as well. And lately Wendy's has gotten really bad about not even putting the straws in the bag like they usually do so you are probably right on that too!You've hit it on the head.  Its probably not so much the corporation as who owns the store.  I work for a fast food convience store and my store manager kept getting so angry over the fact that we had so many napkin holders around the store.  When I asked him what the big deal was he told me that the napkins were $30 a case and that we were wasting money by having so many napkin holders out.  We got rid of some and the napkins went out the store much more slowly.  I'm kind of torn on the issue because the whole napkin thing made me watch what people do.  People take WAAAY to much and for pretty much no reason.  If you only get one sandwich why do you need a HUGE stack of napkins?  I can honestly admit that i've done the same thing.  I grab too many but of course i'll never put them back and most of the time i'll just throw the excess away.  Same thing with the packets... if you give people stuff they won't need or use then its kinda like throwing money away.  The price of EVERYTHING is going up and in order to keep the sandwich the same price they have to cut costs in other places.  So I honestly can't really say I blame them for trying.You are probably right about the pencil pusher, or bean counter making his calculations.  Remember that the 3 cent item, multplied times the many millions of customers adds up.  That and the many other costs associated with pushing product means a heckuva lotta bux.  But after all, they ARE in buisness to make money, not to satisfy your every whim.. . Think about this.  At a busy counter with, say, six registers and lines of customers, ten or twelve deep.  The store policy COULD have each server count out two napkins per sandwich, one ketchup packet for each small fry (or two packets for a large), a packet of salt or two, straws, lids, etc for every customer, OR, let the customer step aside to fetch exactly what he needs, and let the server take care of one more  customer that much faster.. . Which method makes more sense to McDonalds?  Also, think about the customer in the  back of the line who has to wait an extra five minutes, or so, for the customers in front of him to be pampered and practically spoon fed.. . It's called "fast food." and I want mine as fast as I can get it.  There are times when I DO want to be pampered and my every wish provided.  For  that kind of service, I expect to pay more, so I go to a full service restraunt.Well this is a simple question and it has has simple answer. They do that because people:. 1. They use 20 napkins to wipe their hands when they only need at least 2 and then go to the restroom and Wash them.. 2. You  get a whole bunch of ketchup and you use 4 packets, what do you do with the rest, do you return them? no you put them in the trash can.. Why do you blame the company for our own behavior?YES!! Read Fast Food Nation, and I promise you, you won't ever give any more of your money to Mcd's and others, so you won't have to worry about ketchup packets and napkins!!because they are trying to disguise the fact that the food makes people fat by making them walk back and forth from the counter to the booth.Its all about economics.  To stay competitive, all service businesses must cut costs to the bare bones.  It is true in grocery stores, where paper bags are no longer offered, in most restaurants where water is either not given unless you ask or comes without ice.  If McDonald's can save just one napkin or one straw, or a couple packs of ketchup from each customer, just imagine how much money they would save, considering they serve millions of customers each day.  Besides, how many times have you seen full packets of mustard and ketchup, as well as napkins and plastic silverware, discarded on tables or on the ground?  Money down the drain.  I say be glad that fast food places are trying to control such things....otherwise that 99 cent cheeseburger might be 1.09 the next time you order.i know i hate that i go to the same mcdonalds in the mall very often, and they give u one napkin per person which is DEF not enough and both the ketchup things are one of those ones u have to push and they are always broken and no one ever fixes it so u have to stand there for five minutes pushing to get pretty much nothing on ur plate.the employees are lazy and they are cheap
In the U.S. ice cream is prefered sweet, however I am sure there are some exotic flavors out there.  Try a lime Sherbet.i don't think u should care. maybe ur asking wrong or maybe ppl r just like thatI don't think I've ever even tasted a sour ice cream. Um...yeah...I think you sound create your own flavor!!! FunBecause people really never ask for sour ice cream.cuz sour ice cream sounds pretty grosswhy don't you ask for a ice cream that is not sweet instead of sour. thank youPeople often react with surprise to a request that they consider to be out of the ordinary. Don't worry about their reactions, and order/enjoy what you like. It's your life, not theirs.Try asking for one that is not too sweet. The word 'sour' has negative connotations in connection with icecream. It's a bit like asking for an 'acid' wine when one means a 'dry' wine!most people ask for sweet, not sour...  that is why they look at you funny.  That, and your outfit  LOLIt's a conflict because you look so sweet in those jeans.Because it sounds like you are asking for spoiled ice cream duhmaybe because most people want ice cream to be sweet not souri like sour ice cream too.. sometime there is sorbet that is sour. or the really colorful stuff that looks like something your lil bro would get is,.. or the funky names just read the labels and you should be  good. look for clue words like tangy. and shocking. or make you taste buds pop. thats should do it. oh and some people are just werid and don't get it that some people are different and like different stuff. just give them a funny look back and say"what your gonna judge me on what kind or ice cream i like". that should get em. :]
Could mean having relations with bottom feeders.  Is Disciple insane?i guess in your warped little mind it means something perverted...but in my eyes it is a term used in judo/ju-jit-su meaning to get out of a pin...rolling your body side to side...but u wouldnt be able to comproooohend that!!! reject from hee haw. . . and this just proves my point of you being very mental...Shrimping is Greek from the root work Shrimp which means to Suck Toes.It's a slang term for toe sucking... it doesn't involve eating shrimp, sorry!a slang term for the sexual act of toe suckingcome on sugaree, we need to get out of the house... we are so innocent sometimes... lol...jeez, i must not get out much!
Anything itchy is usually sweaty,. . So take a bath get rid of that stinkin sweatbecause u need a bath....ur probably wearing tight clothes sweating and not showering right away ....or u have crabs, fleas or some kinda bug living theirstupid dickhead you got crabs from your mom.because poopman stuck again just this time in ur pantsWASH THEM!You need to take a bath...that's probably it.  Or...you are finally old enough to start growing hair there.Cause you have crabs.cause maybe you were with a dirty girl ,put some baby powder after you shower that should help you out!!Cause dey are NASTY DIRTY!because you haven't scratched themYou probably have psoriasisBecause I told you not to stick your balls in that poison ivy! What is wrong with you!You need to see the doctor, urologist specifically.maybe because you need to wash them and make sure that u wash them good! or because you had sex and you didnt protect your self or cleaned afterMaybe because you're bitchy.u NEED TO WASH THEMbecause you forgot to wash them.stop fulling around in the poison ivy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!You could have jock itch.Or just a hygiene problem..
Firstly its la not le. le in french denotes the male gender. its pronounced " la mad-a -lin.I've always heard it pronounced as:  Lay mad e lane. . I guess you could call them - they will pronounce it when they answer the telephone.
oh, you are one of them. Well, he did not have enhough time to plan it so there!last i checked people can't fly on their own lol (unless your on drugs). besides i'm pretty sure if you fly into something your going to die and bush is alive isn't he? so call the ghost busters in an emergency if you don't trust anyone else.. . *i took the first part of this question literally on purpose, i know what you meant i just didn't want to get into it*You are an idiot!FEMAgrown up buddy.HUH. .?WHAT???What?  explain your question a little more.Grow a brain!Dining out?  I think not...
walking like a lady comes natural-to us ladies...you cant learn it, your born with a natural walk, dont try and change it jus for a date, be yourself.Well, changing your walk for a single date seems a bit extreme ... but since you asked.  Be fluid and graceful, take smaller steps, and foot in front of each other.. . If we had time, I would tell you to watch women you find appealing to emulate and go from there. Now, I think that trying to walk like a 16 year old in flip flops is silly myself. But if you have or can get a set of high heels, you will find walking in them is an adventure .... . Work it gf ....Get off all fours.   No one cares if you're gay.   Just focus on your dreams and have fun.just let go. move your hips, try walking in linebut moving your hips, chest out, belly inside.get one of your girl friends to show uif you notice, when women walk, their feet goes in. men, when they walk, their feet goes out. observe a woman walking. then follow how she walks. good luck!Keep your shoulders back and walk with one foot directly in front of the other.  Good posture is key.  Have fun!you got it or you don'tone every man walks like a lady if they put on heels. another if you are gay you already have the moves just use them like your interself really wants to . you got it now just let it out
The same reason its so enjoyable to make lots of noise during sex.....it's just good :)Because you have an oral fixation.To me,making slurping sounds are having fun while drinking.Can you imagine when u are alone at a table drinking a drink?With no noise ...nothing!Totally boring!!Because you have no mannersI think it is the sound of a sigh at the end of a good work out session (or lovemaking session)  A kind of, "All righty then!!"It actually makes the food taste better...You get air in your mouth with the food or wine and it changes the taste...and it cools it tooDon't know about drinks, but slurpin soup is pretty awesome.
Because they are supposed to make the first impression for the rest of the restaurant.  They are dressed up a bit more because they stand there, say "hi," and then take you to your table.  They don't have to do much dirty work.So that you don't mistake the host for waitstaff. Plus you wouldn't think much about the resturant if they were wearing crappy clothes.I think it has something to do with the saying "You never have a second chance to make a first impression." The first person you see is the hostess, and you would have better expectations for a nicely dressed hostess than one who is dressed slobby.The idea is to make you feel welcome (hostess/host).  The uniform is to let you know they are to be of service to you.
The best recipe is to please not do it-it sounds grotesque.  Pineapple+chocolate=vomit.do you mean a gernam chocolate cake you flip when it's done like a pineapple upside down cake? . . http://cake.allrecipes.com/az/GermanChocolateUpsideDownC.aspgo to the store and buy the very best mixes (Duncan Hines) and whip them up.there is pineapple upsidedown cake and there is german chocolate cake,but they are two different delicious cakesthere is NO such thing!. . you can have a pineapple upside down cake, OR a German chocolate cake, but not both...pineapple upside down cake box yellow cake mix, miox as directed on box pour in square glass baking dish, on top sprinkle with dark brown sugar, on top of that cover top with either crushed pineapple or pineapple rings i use the rings and in center of rings add a red cherry bake as directed can eat with whipping cream if you like    german chocolate is not so easy if made from scratch (they do make box mixes for both cakes along with german chocolate icing) but if you must make from scratch here goes 1 pkg. bakers sweet chocolate,2&1/3 cups sifted cake flour, 1&1/2 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder,  1 teaspoon baking soda,1/2 teaspoon salt, 2/3 cup butter(softened), 1 cup buttermilk, 1teaspoon vanilla,  2 eggs. melt choc. over low heat cool sift  flour,sugar,soda, baking powder,salt together. add butter(using mixer), add flour mixture, 3/4 of buttermilk and vanilla. beat 2 minutes med. speed add choc. eggs and remaining buttermilk beat one minute bake at 350degrees for about 35 minutes cool (easier to ice if frozen) for the icing3/4 cup evaporated milk(can milk)1/2 cup firmly packed brown sugar,1/2 cup white sugar, 1/2 cup butter,1teaspoon vanilla,3egg yolks beaten,1cup chopped pecans, 1&1/3 cups angel flake coconut.combine milk,sugars,butter,vanilla,bring to boil,stirring all the time,remove from heat,quickly stir in small amount of hot mixture to egg yolks,then stir into remaing hot mixture, return to boil stiring all the time,remove from heat, add coconut and nuts.coll for spreading on cold cake it take time but well worth it hope it you outTake a can of sliced pineapples, lay them in a pan. Pour chocolate cake batter over them and bake.  VaVOOOM!  A pineapple upsidedown cake germain chocolate cake just for you.........:))))
because you eat too many beans. if they smell really bad than you should see a nutritionist.Depends what you eatBecause the food you eat make different gasses in your stomach and when some mix it doesn't smell very good.Why u wanna no?because whoever it's coming from is dead rotten!!!!!!!! smelly and nastyU r stupid.Why is this under dining out?it all depends on what you eat. meats and dairy prducts produce bad smells. veggies and fruits dont smell but make you fart more often.i think it depends on the food u eat....y u wanna no anyway..?Some farts smell "bad" because of what ingredients go into the gas. . . In general, meat and other animal products will have more sulfur (which is what most people think of when they think of fart smell) which get broken down into sulfides and passed out as stinky farts. . . Beans and lettuce, while creating their fair share of the flatulence, aren't sulfide rich and this don't create the same bad smell. . . Hope this helps feed your need for knowledge of fabulous flatulence.
In a word pressure. Popcorn is a vegetable and like all vegetables it has a seed or in this case a kernel. When the right amount of heat and pressure is applied the kernel will expand and cause the popcorn to burst from the kernel into what we all love to eat.Theres nothing special about the inside of the seed. the moisture in it expands when heated until the force is too strong for the seed coat to sustain so it bursts, or pops.I played a trivia game during training at my company and the answer is Water.. . Check the link and it will give you all the info on the history and how it has water inside the kernel.Not to mention that the steam also instantly cooks the corn starch.Rufus is right.  When the moisture gets hot, it expands and voila!  A wonderful piece of popcorn!the moisture inside turns to steam and blows the airtight outer shellThe moisture content of the kernel is what makes the "pop". You are heating the water until the hard shell can not contain the pressure.
The same as for anyone else, the difference in the price between the taco and the hamburger. In Phoenix, depending on where you are dining, the burger is about 80% higher.the same differnce as a american eating a hambuger instead of a tacothere isn't any.Taco bell or Mcdonaldsnothing???Apples to oranges.If they eat a taco they are probably in us if they eat a hamburger they probably in mexico i think that just they way it isI don't think I understand, but if this helps Taco Loco has good tacos and Burger King has good hamburgers. I think Mexicans like tacos because they both came from Mexico.Probably the same difference between you asking a stupid question and you giving a stupid answer....NONE
Their generic name is Chionoecetes, which means snow (chio) inhabitant (ioketes).  They are caught in the far norther regions.because their from alaska where it snowsbecause it is hard to sell them as spider crabs, snow for image of cold clean purity. just a marketing gimmick to sell northern spider crab
They don't me.  I get along with them just the same as everyone else.where i live they hang out in large groups and stand outside the local wal mart or k mart doors like the girl scouts . this makes me think either there gonna wanna pimp my ride, sell me some generic products, or rob me with a water pistol or just cuss me in some weird foreign language  they say puta or something  at me alot come to think of it ...They do!?. I have to hide from my neighbors in fear now? Can I still shop in the same stores or do I have to find one with only white folks in it?. I think your question is silly! I am not afraid of any race or culture. I am afraid of some individuals, but not because of their genes.Oh sh*t!!! You scared me half to death man!!!! Damn!  You are one UGLY chicano!Don't give yourself so much credit I'm not afraid of any whole race. There are all kinds of colors and backgrounds and every one of them has crazy, weird, scary people and they all have sweet, kind, and beautiful people. So you can't say that all people are afraid of all Chicanos because there are probably some crazy Russian mafia that would scare the crap out of you.Que??they don't, i get along with them all the time,to me they are cool down to earth people just like anybody else!Are you speaking on behalf of white people? Do they know about that?Chicanos don't scare anybody, certainly not me. What we don't like is illegal immigrants expecting rights or privileges when they enter the country illegally.. . Oh, and fools like Marcos Aguilar of Academia Semillas del Pueblo....They don't scare me. Where did you come up with such a stupid question ?
It's the way it's cutThe strip steak actually comes from the loin. There are a number of things it could be called, depending on the restaurant. Visit this website for more info on retail and wholesale cuts of beef.cause theres no striploin citydumbass. it was  first made in nyc
That really depends on your height and age also your background (different nationalities weigh more or less at different ages) but I say too fat is when you look down and can't see your feet past your stomach.When your photograph has to be taken by satellites. Your  to fat.when doctors call u OBESEIt all depends on your bone structure and height.  If you are happy and healthy don't worry about it.  We are constantly bombared with all these sick looking models who are actually under weight.  Never compare yourself with them.  These are sick individuals who stay under weight just to make a buck.   A BMI calculator is a good place to start, but remember that they don't take into account how tall you are and how much muscle you may have.When you cannot walk because of your own weight.If you use the standard height-weight scale and you are over the max allowable weight for your height and your bone structure, you are fat.   . Another indicator is BMI. Body Mass Index (BMI) is a number calculated from a person’s weight and height. BMI provides a reliable indicator of body fatness for most people and is used to screen for weight categories that may lead to health problems.. . You can alculate BMI by dividing weight in pounds (lbs) by height in inches (in) squared and multiplying by a conversion factor of 703.. . Example: Weight = 150 lbs, Height = 5’5” (65"). Calculation: [150 º (65)2] x 703 = 24.96. . BMI               Weight Status. Below 18.5 Underweight. 18.5 – 24.9 Normal. 25.0 – 29.9 Overweight. 30.0 and > ObeseIf you have to ask---you are probably too fat, go on a dietOnly you can answer that. Ask yourslef if you are happy with your body. Standing straight up, can you see your toes.When your size prohibits you from fully enjoying life due to lack of mobility.if you feel like you are and that you had enoughtFat is when a girl's tummy is bigger than her chest.it depends how the person feels.For me, too fat is right now.
Because blaming someone else is always more fun than shouldering responsibility for your own actions. Just ask the President.They don't want to except responsibility for their own faults, its human nature.Dude, the probem is the fact that if you hide the facts from people, than say that your food is nutritious, that is when you get into trouble.  McFood is some of the worst food for anyone to eat on a regular basis, but the fact is that not alot of people know this; know that the food at McD's is loaded with sugar, because McD's goes through millions of dollars to make sure that you think that their food is nutritious, healthy, and safe to eat on a regular basis.people blame the restaurants for their bad health because they are looking for an excuse to say well i went to this restaurant and they didn't have anything healthy on the menu so it is the restaurants fault why they have bad health.  people blame restaurants because they are just simply looking for an excuse and something to put the blame on rather than themselves.  the truth is if they really and truly wanted to be in good health and wanted to eat healthy they would have the determination and wouldn't go to restaurants with greasy foods.cuz they have low self esteems and dont want to admit to themselves that they are fat because of their own actions. so they decide to blame it on the restaurants or the genes or anything else u can make up. thanks for making america known as a land of mcdonalds and fat people...fatties. by the way i like ur screen name eatbabysealsthey think that cuz they always blame somebody for their mistakes so now whos they gonna blame? da restaurantsThe answer is simple. Fewer and fewer people are willing to take personal responsibility for their actions. It's much easier to blame others for their shortcomings. It has become an American tragedy.. . I read today that a Nanny who was captured on a hidden camera shaking a baby and causing it harm is suing the hidden camera manufacturer because she got caught.. . We're a nation of victims. I'm convinced that there is a remnant of real men and women left who are willing to take responsibility for their actions. We should mock these idiots ruthlessly until they change their ways.Those people don't have a sense of responsibility.Because some people like to assign blame for every problem they encounter.  . . (Just ask the people who blame everything on the president)Thats a good question, only the person buying the food should be blamed.because some ppl arent like u and dont want to admit that they are at fault for their obesityIt's just a way to get publicity.because people r not happy unless they r blaming someone else for there problems. and what better way  to do this . we have became a money  hungry country . so we blame , sue , and get paid by the restaurants who did not create our problems to begin with. it was us and us alone. sad isnt it.Because sadly we live in a victim society where nobody takes responsibility for their own actions.because they are just plain 'ol stupidpeople in the twenty-first century rarely take responsibilities for their actions anymore. dealing with health issues, anyway. it's always easier to fall back on pointing the finger at others. but i do agree with you.Today, most people are not accountable for their own actions.  The woman who sued McD's when she spilled hot coffee on herself and blamed McD's because nothing on the cup told her it was hot coffee.. People trying to make a quick buck without the effort.  As stated earlier - laziness.If you always do what you've always done, you'll always get what you've always got......sayin?cuz thats society today...losersGreat question!  I saw a special on CNN a while back.  Parents are suing McDonalds for their fat children.  Like DUH!  It's the parents' responsibilities to feed their children healthy food and not anyone else.. . If the children are fat, it is because it is the parents' fault for not providing a healthier diet for their children.  PERIOD!It makes the restaurant look like the bad thing.  instead of taking responsibility for their own actions.I don't think that is truely the case. Most people realize that they are ultimately responsible. However, I do have issue with portion size which has gotten out of hand. Most places provide 2-4 times as much as they should and then charge accordingly! We are paying many times what we should for food but if we don't eat all of what they give us we feel guilty. Resturants started this by trying to cater to people wanting "more for their money" and thus portions kept growing. That is certainly our fault for buying into and supporting this idea but the resturants should offer smaller, normal sizes at reasonible cost and then just sell greater portions as needed. It is a cycle really. Both parties are partially to blame for this unhealthy trend and both parties reinforce that cycle further.They have to blame somebodyBecause the human race is full of whiners and complainers.   Not a lot of integrity exists...... Someone else is always to blame.  God forbid we take it where it rightfully belongs.Because they are fat lazy and stupid and they don't take the blame for anything in any aspect of their lives.  You are right, no one MADE them eat 15 chicken sandwiches and drink a gallon of soda!. My boyfriend once owned a small truck with a cap.  He was walking out to his car in a  parking lot when he noticed it was moving back and forth.  As he neared the rear of the truck he could hear grunting and groaning.  He peered around the side of the truck to find a rotund obese woman who had somehow wedged her fat body between his truck and the car next to it.  She jerked back and forth trying to free herself, and as she finally broke free from her restraints, she left a big dent in his passenger side door.  Needless to say, she didn't own up to it or pay for the repair.
My take is - cup is to handle hot drinks and glass will take cold drinks. Make sense?. . However, there are glasses with handle too (saw 'em at some coffeeshops) - the one that looks like beer mug.Becos cups or tea cups to be specific are meant for hot drinks, whereas glass is meant for cold drinks. In your case, which I suspect you meant chinese restaurants, where they tend to use glasses for hot tea, that's like a modern adaptation. If you go to more traditional chinese restaurants, they will be using real chinese tea cups, which while with no handles, are easy to hold because the top part of the cup is curved out so that you can hold easily.we drink tea out of glasses too, but the glasses have handles!Because cups are generally for hot liquids.  The handle prevents scorching your hands.i dont knowTell them to serve your HOT tea in a cup/mug.that's strange- hot liquids are not supposed to be put in glass.  unless you're using a beaker in a chemistry lab, but even then you use tongs to handle them.Cups are madeout of any material that isn't galss. Galles are made of gals.  Either can have handels or not.Cups usually contain hot liquids.. . Too hot to handle without a handle.
Its a method of cooking food ..which are usually done for well marinated meat ,poultry or fish with salt or brine solution.. . Food which passed with cold or hot smoke..resulting product gets a characteristic smoky flavor.. . It is used in s/w and salad... . subbannasmoke houses are places where meats are placed and smoke fills the area so the meat can can simmer and pick up that smokey taste. they use hickory, wood its something like when you want that barbaque taste but without doing the barbaquingcooking food - usually meats - over very low heat with lots of smoke.  Wood is burned slowly to produce a lot of smoke, and the meats are left inside the smoker or smoke house for a long time, hours or even days, until it is cooked all the way through.  The smoke permeates the meat and produces strong flavors, and cooks off a lot of fat also.There are two ways to smoke food.  Either with a cold smoke, where food is smoked but not cooked, or a hot smoke where foods are both smoked and cooked.. . Cold smoking can take weeks so that the smoke flavor penetrates deeply into the food.  Bacon is a good example of this.. . A hot smoke can smoke and cook a piece of meat in a matter of hours.  Fish, like salmon, make excellent candidates for this type of cooking.. . Usually pieces of very hard woods, like hickory, smolder for hours and hours generating a lot of smoke, which is channeled to where the food is located.  The closer the food is to the source of the smoke, the hotter and faster the cooking method.
This rule is to protect YOU. Suppose a customer tells you to add $5 for yourself, and then forgets? Later, this customer will accuse you of theft! If the tip is in the customer's own writing, then there can be no suspicion of dishonesty.First off you are making regular minimum wage, thus I would assume your manager does not want to deal with the hassles of tip tracking and reporting.    If you were making the waiter wage of 2.13 an hour, then this would be a different story.. . Basically it sounds like your manager/store owner is treating employees as regular wage earners NOT TIP earners. and Thus he wants no record of tips on the books, which a CC receipt would provide.. . Tip earners fall under a whole different set of rules of which Dixi Is correct on them but wow that was hard to understand.. . Tip Earners. These people are taxed on making 10% of their food total.  If you had $100 in food sales, the gov' thinks you made $10 in tips.  Unless proof shows you made more than that.  The only proof of tips is on CC receipts.  So cash tips are better for the waiter as they are untrackabe.  Say you were actually tipped $15 on that night, but it was all cash, the Gov' still taxes you on $10.  But if it was all CC receipt tips, then you will be taxed on $15.   . . Tip Pools make this even more complex, as a portion of your tips are then also given to other employees at the restaurant.  For example Bar staff are often given a cut of every else's tips, and often bus staff as well.  The thought behind this is without these people's help you would not have been able to provide the service to the customer, so these people also deserve some of the tip.  (And the restaurant need only pay them the 2.13 wage instead of minimum wage since they are getting tips)You cant probably because your boss says not to.you cant b leave wut a lotta ppl sayI quit my serving job yesterday,  I had a ghetto tip me 58 cents and another get an attitude, I told him if he didnt want to tip dont eat out go to churchs chicken or kfc....  so i told them  it was my last night because serving industry sucks when you have to wait on nigsNo reason for you not to put tips on credit cards.. That is costing you money that you deserve.. . What it does mean is more work for your boss. Go find another place to work. Your boss is an ass%ole for not allowing it.When I'm at a restaurant and pay with my card, I add the tip to the receipt and it's taken off my card.  There's no reason why you shouldn't be able to do this.  That's why the receipts are printed that way.  If he insists that you don't do it, maybe he's trying to hide something from the auditors.When we have tips put on credit cards this means that we HAVE to claim them no matter what because there is record of them. He is right, you will be taxed out of your paycheck for them, because he has to claim them since they are on record. Just like at the end of the night where I work. I have my cash tips and then my credit card receipt tips. I have to no matter what, claim 10 percent of my sales for the night so say if I sell $853. worth of food that night I have to claim $85.30 but if my credit card slips say that I made $115. In tips then I have to claim all of that since there is record of it, and I will be taxed on that amount from what I make hourly. I dont think it has anything to do with the credit card company doing an audit per say...but you would be taxed on the tips you make from your credit cards out of your hourly pay. I have worked at some restaurants where a certain percentage of your credit card tips go to the restaurant to tip out the bar, bussers and hostess if they tip them out. Maybe it's just something they prefer  not to deal with at that establishment. If I were you I'd look elsewhere for a job that you can get both cash and credit card tips so you don't miss out, GL!As people stated earlier, YOU cannot put a tip onto a credit card receipt, even with the permission of the card owner. Usually, the customer adds the tip amount on the receipt after they receive the credit slip to sign.. . I think what your boss means is that tips paid by credit card by law has to be reported by your boss as part of your INCOME which will be taxed. Also, in many restaurants, tips are pooled (which I do not think is fair), and shared amongst all waitstaff, etc.. . If you get cash as a tip, you basically pocket the money TAX FREE (though technically this is supposed to be reported as income as well).. . What I do when dining in a restaurant is to pay my bill by credit card, DO NOT LEAVE A TIP VIA CREDIT CARD (it is also a way for me to know if any fraudulent amount was added to my charge card also), but I will tip by cash -- so the server can get the money.It is considered fraud for anyone to write on the slip other than the card-holder. If the guest insists that you write it in, make sure you do so in the presence of the guest. Your manager is just protecting himself/herself from liability, and the establishment from being sued.I don't think a credit card company can do an audit. I think technically the owner has the right to make this decision, since he is the one with the contract with the cc company. Where I used to work the waiters did have to pay the restaurant 5% of cc tips, some but I think not all of which was commission for the cc company.
Homeless shelters, bus stations, and perhaps go to the local hospital and just wait in the pych ward waiting room. Some girl is bound to talk to you.Loose some weight fat a**meeting grills in phoenix?. . Check the Home Depot or Lowes...probably the best prices are at WalMart, however.. . . . . . . . . Meeting girls on the other hand?  Try the ASU area.
Pump up your self esteem!!! Once you feel sexy others will pick up on it right away.Maybe exercise to get some big muscles, dye your hair a different color or highlight it. But the most important thing is that you think you look and feel good.copy a hot stars hairstyle like Brad Pitt hes hot.look like brad pittBe careful with the "most important thing is that you think you are" advice.  You will pump yourself up, get arrogant, and crash & burn hard somewhere along the line.  Have some long term physical fitness goals, get a good wardrobe, stay well-groomed (hair, facial hair, etc).  Go to Esquire, askmen.com, etc.  & read up.  You'll get there eventually.. . Good luck.In my opinion, the sexiest people there are are people who dress well, are well-groomed (no facial hair - most girls don't like it as much a clean shave), generally just do things well, and who work out. I speak from my wife's perspective, and from what I've heard from other people, I'd say it's pretty accurate.
a coffee drink from Dunkin Doughnutsanother word made up by some marketing or advertising co. to make americans say the stupidest things i.e. mcnuggetscoffee and hot choc. mixed- its pretty good with three sugars ( med)From the slang dictionary:. . dunkachino. . 1. dunkachino  1 up, 1 down  .  .  Get to your nearest dunkin donuts and order yourself a tasty dunkachino. Let it cool down and then pour it between your girls boobs. Drink it up like a fountain biotches.a coffe drink that leaves behind a repulsive order in your month.. . Pretty much a hot cocoa with lots of expresso in it :D It's delicious!it's a cappuchino drink at dunkin donuts also the name of an award winning Siberian husky doga yummy drink from dunkin donuts. it has both chocolate and coffee in itmaybe it's when you dunk something in your cappuccino.A cappachino from Dunkin Doughnuts. . They taste like dog pooITS AWESOME....THATS ALL U NEED TO KNOW
We say "eating at the Y" but it is when you give a female oral sex.  (Turn her upside down, spread her legs, and she's a "Y")sorry hunni, you peaked my curiousity.  i live in toronto and have never heard that expression.....you will have to let me know what the hell it means....maybe something to do with gay pride week?It is oral sex on a woman, because of the Y shape of where you would be "dining"and why not. its all good!
what the fuck are you talking about "what happened to the bananas" what bananas?they bacame fattening.i love themI'm sure there are bananas in Paris ... do you have a specific Paris related banana question?I don't know...I ate mine for breakfast.. What happened to yours?Bananas as a band as fruit as a random word. Be a little specific.  And by the way you mispelled bananas.Nothing, they are still here.Well here in Aus, we had a mighty big hurricane and it wiped out most of the banana plantations......Bananas used to cost 2 dollars a kilo or something little but now they are over 10 dollars a kilo and supermarkets don't bother to sell them now...:(Bannanas are in Africa so what do you mean? I guess they don't have it where you live.I don't know....maybe somebody ate them!!????There is a problem with the crop this year. They say there is a virus that may wipe them out.
They do??  I am a Chinese.  I have never done that nor have I seen any Chinese do that.For fun!!!if you are right handed, you can't eat noodle with a fork with your left hand. Try it.they eat right hand  n  drink  left  hand       . . insane  people       ,   no  doubtjust easy then can use both chopstick and spoon together. for eating.I'm assuming you are refering to the right handed people as my lefty friends do it the other way. It is easier to navigate the chopsticks with your dominant hand, in this case, the right one. Using the spoon is simpler as all you need to do is scoop, therefore using your non-dominant hand is sufficient for this task. I'm not sure of the cultural implications.if you are right-handed, that would usually be the case and it would be the opposite for a left-handed person. . . most people are thought to use the chopsticks when they are young, and just like writing with a pen or pencil, you are left to decide on which hand you would like to use to handle your chopsticks. the function of the chopstick as the main tool is used for everything except things that are in liquid form. most times people don't use the spoon at all.. . once you got the chopsticks down, the spoon is used as a secondary tool to eat and has a few functions:. -to help with the transfer of food from the bigger bowl that is shared, to your own . -to scoop up any sauce or soup that you'd like to add to your bowl, or into your mouth. . -to help with food that can be a bit of a problem like fishballs and slippery pieces of abalone or mushroom. -to help break stuff up.they cannot use the spoon in the right hand as obviously, the right hand has the....chopsticks  ha ha ha ha!they do?It's just Chinese "social etiquette". That's all.. However, for some chinese they still use left hand cos ppl also got believe saying left-handed ppl are more smart~ =DThe spoon is usually only used for soups.  If used for other food, then it's not a formal occasion.  In my experience, it's pretty rare for folks to use it.  Some parts of China will use it more than others, but I cannot tell you definitively which parts.. . Aha, I just noticed that you're asking from Singapore.  That is much more common in Singapore because of the Southeast Asian influence, where it is much more common than in actual China.  For example, Thais use a spoon and chopsticks with their meals.
Their tomates are the biggest and onion is very sweet. It really is that good, especially with their sauce.Well for one you said you were stoned, everthing is alway extra tasty when your stoned. but the menu item is very appealingOh my gosh that sounds so good. Geezus what are you doing to me!Because they have a good receipe and good chefs.You were just starving.  It's not all that great.It is the hash vinaigrette.YOU ANSWERED YOUR OWN "Q" ....YOU WERE "STONED".... YOU KNOW THAT YOU GET HUNGRY WHEN YOU "TOKE-UP"I never had it, but if you take me out to dinner I'll be able to answer your question.because it's luger's!You pay enough there for everything to be good. from the juices from the steak to your glass of water- everything was tasty and well worth the dollar. They of course have good chefs so everything is meant to taste good - drunk or not.. . if i were you i would just call and ask what's in it- if they say they will not tell - just say your spouse seems to got a food allergie and in order for the doctors to treat it they gotta know all the ingridients in the last meal- ( this has worked for me before) esp. when i try to make the same things at home
It's from eating crab apples...the phrase "green apple splatters" was recently made even more popular by a T.V. show called South Park. oh, that was a good episode.When I searched I came up with.  a band The Green Apple Splatters.. A type of font . Volleyball team. poopoo. am I close?.......nthing green apple is good, so try it.Remember being told not to eat little green apples as a kid ?  Green Apple Splatters are the reason.  Not only do unripe apples give you terrible runs, but also acute cramping and abdominal pain.  This is especially bad for kids, and boys and men are affected worse than females.no I don't know what they areEating green apples and pooping?apparently it's a type of green poo.Yes. You would too if you eat enough of themRight on  HenyForbes
They don't want ot scare other customers?. They don't want to wake up the giant snake that is cooking in the kitchen?. They don't want to scream and eventually break the fortune cookies?It's respectful in many cultures to speak in hushed tones.  I think that's probably the reason.lol when i went with my b/f LMBO she didnt. she was yelling like do you want wangton soup idk you wouldhave to hear me the way she said it but i said say what? she said frie rice. i said lol no what did you say so goes u want wongtong soup? lol idk whats up with the chinnes waitress there lol buthere omg there funnyHm... they don't do that here.their afraid of talking in english or can't speak englishwhisper? where on earth do you live?. . good god, where i live... right in TAIWAN, it's more like the waiters are SHOUTING at you than whispering! i can say the same for hong kong and china, the homeland of chinese waiters, hahaha!!. . it's so very untypical of "authentic chinese waiters" to whisper, you know.lmao. umm well dont think that EVERY chinese waiter does that but stereotypically cuz im asian, my parents tend to be extremely gossip-ish. they like to make comments about how people look and stuff like that. or...it coud be that they just don't understandMaybe they're uncomfortable with speaking English and don't want to be embarrassed in public.Maybe it's so they can  get your order correct. If they speak it too loud, you would get scared or upset. I mean who wants someone to yell at you while you are ordering?What aret they supposed to do scream?they say. . "Check out the fat git in jogging pants". . give him small portion he NEEDS be on diet
Supplementing the dishes said by hai, poori or puri is also served in substitution or addition of rice. Serving vada in thali is not common.. And thali is generally unlimited meal one can have per head without sharing.its simply yum.They serve chatni,yummy gravy and many side dishesRice and rasam......without spoon or fork...so that you have to eat it in the most unpleasant way.ajith
corn!By creating business in famine ridden countries.We can fight hunger in the world, by finding a good charity organization to send your donation. And making sure that they are very reliable too.I think we have to change the whole general System, under which some people have too much, and a large number of people do not have enough.  It is the consequence of theft.  . . I once read where there IS enough food to feed the world.  The problem lies in the (faulty) distribution of food and commodities.. . Charity is only a temporary remedy that does not get at the root of the problem.. . In nursing homes, hospitals and day care centres in North America an alarming and deeply disturbing amount of food gets thrown out!  Proportions are frequently too big.  Many people are unhealthy and overweight because of poor dietary patterns.  Obesity and the state of being  overweight is not as big a problem in some countries and cultures as in others.  Surpluses can kill.  More food is not necessarily better.  Too much of almost anything can be dangerous. . . Give the System the message! (to help with something). . This message is not a political one.  Socialists can be just as hypocritical as capitalists when they get greedy.  The dealers generally seem to take a large overhead for themselves regardless of politics.  I live in an area that has a regional socialist government and am well aware of some of the drawbacks and deceptions contained in such as political system.  Socialists also tend to serve the larger System.Robin Hood style. take from rich, give it to poor.with guns?. . there will always be hunger. get over it.no solution...not in a hundred yearsopen a donation bank and ask each man and women of this world to donate 1doller each time they go out for dinner in a hifi resturent the problem will be solved in matter of time.we can't really fight it but can atleast contribute to this cause. We can just give a part from our's  to the poor and the needy and thats all we can doI'm pretty good with a machete.  There is a karate school in my neighbohood, mabe they will help us fight.One way is by going to Africa and teaching the locals how to grow crops with western technology and giving them the equipment and training for free to start with.We Canadians ! Can legally get into the united states ! Sneak in people's yards at night and get enough crab apples to feed the world twice over! Just Kidding !  The United states is the richest state in the world ! I think that they can free up a little food for the poor countries if they have any kind of heart !unfortanitly you cantEducation. Ethics. Emotions. and last but not least Energy.we  can  fight  hunger  in  world  by   been our brothers  keeper  I  mean  loving  our  next  door  neigbour  and  teaching  a  man   to  catch  a  fish  and  not  giving  him  fish..    If  the  developed  worLd  will  help   the  under  developed  world  the  importance  of  mechanized  farming.give them our leftover trash jus like they do to pigs.It is almost impossible =( don't make me cryit is a war that is always fought but a war that cant be won.you can only do what you can do.
Because of all the salt in our bodies... All of our body fluids are salty if u think of it.... -tears. -sweat. -blood. -semen. -vagina fluidsQuestion:. What did god say when he saw Eve taking a swim in the lake:. Answer:. "I'll never get that smell outta my fish!". . Another cute atheist joke from "Blackatheist"Because we were all once living in the sea, and that is a leftover from our origins.Because women sweat. That's why all of the skin on the body man or women has a salty taste. Have you tried licking an underarm? Not always a good idea but..... Keep on tasting. You'll find you develop a liking for it soon and she will appreciate your efforts and enthusiasm.huh??our vagina has a salty taste??. i don't know why!haha! i haven't tasted it!. maybe the vagina that you have been tasted haven't been washed yet! harhar! =p. tell her to wash it first!=pYou're lucky! The last one I licked, it smelled dead, had a thick rancid goo, and green crust (something like boogers) at the edges. It also made fart noises when she laughed.seems as though you just could not think of a question  never had any complaintsStupid carpet munchers.No wonder you've put this in the "dining out" category....I thought it was suppose to taste sweet!The kind that just urinatedTo keep ice from forming  (frigid woman)Tell her to wash and douche.  (yuk!)they one that you experience before probably salty go try a different one it suppose to be sweet honey that time
This is a very vague question.. . If you would have bothered to use spell check you would have found out the "costomers" is actually spelled customers.. . Try using spell check and you questions will not look so ignorant!IT GOES BELLY UP1 The owners make a lot of money.. 2 Things get worse.. 3 The place closes.. 4 Place gets remodeled and has a new name.. 5Grand opening with "Under new Management" signs everywhere.. 6 Start all over again at #1i can tell you from experience NOTHING.It will burn to the ground and all breathing things will be filled with fat and grease in their lungs.tha restaurant looses the trust of tha customerz and eventually loose their consumers all together i guess....lol srry if its not as specific as u would like....xoxoxoxoif a store lies to a customer well call consumer affairs and they will check em out and maybe close emI strongly suggest reading the seven habbits of highley effective people by Steven R. Covey.  He tells a story about a restauraunt that has this great reputation well the owners sell out and the new owners decide to water down the soup.  For a little while the bottom line took off cause they were saving money but then it lost customer base.  So they decided to change the soup back to normal and no one would still come because they lost trust.what happen they sold rotten fish and chips as fresh fish and chips or did they sale shark at a high price and it really was tuna steaksWell, you would have to specify. How did they mislead you? Did they say the tuna was lobster?
Espresso diluted with hot water.  Sometimes they put cream on top of it.espresso and hot wateryep... what they said.yep.... . basically really strong coffee.. LOL  Save yourself some cash and just get the drip
Try to look at it this way, if you were a server at Sonic, would you want a tip? What percentage would make you happy?. . I've always tipped.i give at least a dollar. since my bf sister works at one and she only gets $4.15 an hr. since tips are suspose to cover the rest of the hr rate. She been there for 6 yrs and started at $2.15an hr.Im not so sure?they are paid like waitors so yea you should tip. dont know a percent  i just give them the change im suppose to get back from a dollar or maybe add oneGeneral etiquette doesn't dictate that you tip on fast food, however since the servers do bring your food out to you I would personally tip them $1, but, as always, it's up to you.i say don't tip but if you think you should tip anywhere between 5% to 10% maybedon't tip at sonic.....they don't wait on you in the sense that you're sitting at a table and they keep coming over making sure your drink is filled and you have enough napkins or whatever....they just cart your food out to you and take your cash....no tipI never thought too much about it until a few weeks ago, when my friend gave a tip at sonic.  She just gave them the extra change she was getting back.none at sonic!"Sonic" the fast food chain? Well, you don't really have to tip them. You can always give them 1 or 2 dollars.  They make plenty of tips in one hour.  If you're a generous person give em 5 bucks, that would really make their day. There's no % for that,  the 15% only applies to  dining in a restaurant where waiters constantly comes to your table.when in doubt with good service 15%. i always tip
Roll it in egg, then seasoned flour (a lot of Lourey's seasoning salt, and pepper) dbl dip it though, after dipping it in the flour put it in the egg again and back in the flour (this makes the crust thick) deep fry it in some grease and cook for about 25-35 minutes.  It is damn good!  Take the skin off though, you can enjoy it more.if you bake it, season it with your favorite seasonings. if you fry it, season it and lightly dip it in flour. if you boil it, season it and boil it in chicken broth. if you grill it, season it and make sure that you cook it until it is done. if you barbeque it, make sure you use your favorite barbeque sauce. If you put it on the george foreman, it will be nice and tasty. . OR you can have somebody else prepare it for you and you dont even have to worry about itBake it... healthyI would boil it (or them) for 10 mins in some water - maybe with a bit of onion and carrot, before doing them in oven, grill or barbie.. . The chicken is cooked and moist and just needs crisping on the outside and you have a stock which will make the basis of an excellent soup.roll it in flour  and fry it or do the same flour and bake or broil itDo not microwave your drumstick!  Microwave ovens do not seem to cook chicken evenly.. . Baking with or without breading, frying, grilling on the Barbecue, or even boiling makes better chicken.. . Check out the recipes on line.  . . Barbecue sauce can also be used indoors, if the weather is bad where you are.  Put the oven rack as close to the flame, with a gas oven, as possible.  Cook about 45 minute to an hour at about 375.  Check with a meat thermometer to see if the chicken is over 170 degrees F (Do not hit the bone with the thermometer.)   If the meat does not look red inside, and it has reached that temperature, it is done.roll it in flour then fry it it tastes pretty good
They add some flavor and make the bun look fancier.. . Maybe to tick off people who have diverticulitis and cant eat seeds or nuts.to make it prettyi don't know but i think it is the stupidest thing ever! they are useless! :Pto get stuck in your teeth and gums - bun makers are in league with dentists!!!I don't know but I do not like themevidence that you were eating a burger and not a salad!so the burger ppl and the bun ppl can charge more. It's all about the dollars! . . Bun ppl charge the restaurant more for the "fancy" buns, and the burger ppl charge the consumer more to cover their added expense.i dont knowbun people do not charge extra for the seeded buns, I work for a bread company and know this first hand.They make the bun look fancy  but some have a strong taste and add a lot of flavor to the bun.I HATE THOSE
if you have to ask then you are not ready to marry anyone.  maybe you need to find someone that you love first.  love means something different to all of us remember that.Offer then an insane dowry.Why would you want to do that?find a woman, date her for a while, then beg for the rest of your life :)Date a girl for a couple of years and if you like her and she likes you propose to her and then take her to a church and have the priest marry you.That's what I'm saying, how COULD you marry a person??!! The laws today screw a man out of his money and property, so that an ex could live it up with another man. If you are asking this sort of question, you are probably not old enough, but more likely, not ready for marriage or even fathoming it. Trust me, a woman that loves you will stay at your side with or without a paper saying you two are married. Hell, look around. Good women end up with a*sholes for years. They get mistreated  and cheated on and keep taking it. Good guys will always lose, no matter what sacrifices they think they are making. Just to clear the air, I have not been cheated on, and not lost out in a divorce. I have all I need to get a woman, that's never been a problem. I'm just a man who has learned from other sorry bastards.If you love that person and that person has the same love in their heart for you, buy and engagement ring, and propose and hope that you get yes as an answer.There are many ways you can get married as my answer is what I think you were asking.  You can just run off and elope, get married by the justice of the peace, or have a big ceremony in a church before God. The first two would be the least expensive if your on a limited budget. The bottom line is if your in love who cares how you get married it's all about your vows and if you take them seriously.Beg them.Apply for a license in the state you want to be married in . As long as you are of age you shouldn't have a problemexplain plzfirst have 1/2 your brain removed..... . . That way when your divorced it will match your wallet
From Tuscany, of Tuscany, in Tuscany or inspired in some way by something Tuscan.. . In food, it means polenta, mushrooms, darker gravies and thicker cuts of beef as opposed to the pasta and cheese dishes farther south.Of or relating to Tuscany, it's people, or their language.Having to do with Tuscany (city in Italy).Definitions of tuscan on the Web:. .  - a resident of Tuscany .  - a dialect of Italian spoken in Tuscany (especially Florence) .  - of or relating to or characteristic of Tuscany or its people.  - Confined mainly to the north of Italy, it was employed by the Romans but replaced by the doric. Very plain, the columns are not fluted, and in height it is usually around seven diameters.. . . - http://www.theianternet.comI think it means originating from the Tuscany region of ItalyTus·can  . ADJECTIVE: Of or relating to Tuscany, its people, or their language. . Architecture Of or relating to the Tuscan order. . NOUN: A native or inhabitant of Tuscany. . . Any of the dialects of Italian spoken in Tuscany. . The standard literary form of Italian. . . ETYMOLOGY: . Middle English, from Latin Tuscnus, Etruscan, from Tuscus, an EtruscanIt comes from the Tuscany Region of Italy.
i agree, i never tip for carryout.. . as far as i know cooks get none of the tip-out, only busboys, waitresses, and host/esses.I agree no tip for carry out unless someone goes out of their way for you and does something way over and above the norm.0 percent of nothing.the proper tipping etiquette would be up to you............it is not a requirement to give gratuity on a carryout meal........im sure whoever you have tipped was as happy as a lark to have that extra money in their pocket......If they go out of the way or provide extraordinary service, a dollar or two.. . Otherwise, zero.  If the employer is not paying them a little extra for serving in this environment, I would go find another job.Probably 15% just like delivery and waitressing, but I'm not sure.. . Oh, and for all those people out there who don't tip, I will never feel bad about you getting bad service. Waiters bust there rears most of the day making usually under $4 an hour. I ALWAYS tip well. Actually, I got free food for like a YEAR at this one restaurant because I tipped the waitress $5 for a $6 meal after I waited like an hour just to get it. She was SO relieved that I didn't gripe, that she GAVE me meals after that. Graciousness always wins out. Pay it forward  : ). . . Cheers,.  JonI wouldn't tip anything, because a tip is for service.  If there's a change jar on the counter, toss a few coins in if you feel so inclined.  If you regularly get take-out from one place, and they're super-nice, it might be nice to get them a Christmas gift like a big box of gourmet cookies or something.  You'll probably find it leads to freebies in the future, too!While you tip for a service, you usually do so because someone has done a service.  Hence yes, there should be tipping on carryout meals but a much much smaller tip.  I usually round it off to the nearest dollar.  Or give a dollar.no tip for carryout. . Good Luck and God Bless!!The carry out people are generally paid the same minimum wage as servers...which is $2.13 an hour. $1 or $2 is usally fine, more if it is complicated. I'd say 5-10%. If you can't afford that, go buy a loaf of bread and eat at home.If it is a large or complicated order, or if they go out of their way to give you great service, I would say a small tip (5 percent ) would be appreciated.it depends on everything like how fast was it (not that it would be speedy, but if they say 30min, did it take that long or were you waiting forever) if the guy/girl delivering is bitchy, or not. then if you are going to tip, tip a couple of dollars.. . also to "mj" cooks do get tip out. i know this because i'm a cook at this restaurant and get tip out every night from my waiters.The tipping etiquette for carry-out meals is not quite as much as the dine-in policy, though it differs in many restaurants in different regions. In south Alabama, a two dollar tip (per person) is acceptable for dine-in while as carry-out is a dollar per dinner/individual order.It's 15%, usually, the person's tip would be around 3-5 dollarsIt's up to you. Everyone is different.I don't know if there is a "formal" standard for tipping on carry-out orders.. . I have worked at several restaurants, and recall that tips on carry-out orders were few and far between. When the customer did tip, it was usually just a buck or two.. . I personally don't always tip on to-go orders, unless it's clear that a particular person was in charge of assembling my whole order and did so with care (included napkins, utensils, etc.) In that case, I tip $1.00-$3.00 or so, just as a token. I know from experience that even small tips are appreciated by those folks who work hard for them.  ;)no no...it's 15% of nothing..... . I've been wondering the same thing.  I think, if you go into the place and pick it up yourself, the tip should be 0.  But if they bring it out to your car, I feel like $1-$2 is enough.  It seems like whenever I have food delivered to my car, they take FOREVER and they don't bother greeting me first...so I usually tip nothing.  But I am a bit of cheap skate!  If someone is particularly friendly/good, I try to tip a buck!You do not need to tip for carryoutFor the life of me I dont understand why people tip for carryout. I first learned of such a practice like 2 months ago and I was quite surprised. . . I think the general rule is that you don't tip for carryout.no tipping for carry out,  just like eating in a buffet place, no tips,  but if waitress goes around to check us and gives  water,  ask if we enjoy the foods, then we leave tips.wow it is odd that people still make $4 an hour, here inoregon minumum wage is $7.50 an hour... and that is usually not enough.. . peace out!If you go in and pick up your order then you don't tip.  If it is curbside delivery then 10-15% is fair.I say a dollar if you pick it up at a dinner or if there is a special pick up room but if they deliver to you  especially with the price of gas 15%I throw them a couple of dollars if they are the ones who had to prepare it and bring it out to me, if not, I don't generally tip on a carry out. I think it's up to the person myself.
Nothing worth mentioning from youngsters and fun lovers point of view.. . For meditation - fantastic time and atmosphere!Sleepy!. though they do have their share of pubs and discos now. Especially five star hotelsthe nights are dead, perfect for racing on the streetsI visited in Jan. and asked my friend how it was.  He said "I just found out there was a nightlife here last night"  The bars close at 11, and most of them are in hotels.  We managed to have fun anyway!
Express yourself properly!!!How to life? That makes NO SENSE........What are you trying to ask anyway?For me it is ok right now. It could be better, but I am not going to complain because people are worse off than me.how to live? well be your own person and don't be someone that is angry all the time.  Say thank you and please regardless of the situation...smile! when others see smiles it makes them in a good mood.How to live in peace, that is such a good question that I wish I had the time to give you a great answer! You will know when your life is at peace, mine finally is. When you let all the pety worries of your day not bother you, because you know it is meaningless! Life is short and goes by fast...I am in my 30s and I wish I did not worry about things when I was in my twenties, because I soaked up my time worrying about things that did not matter. Put your energy into productive useful worry and you will be rewarded with peace!! . . Eat healthy and be stable. Do not be angry or worry, if you do seek help! If you are feeling like shit, for 15 minutes just look up and try try to enjoy the view in your life! Look around and see the beauty--Let your family know how much you love them, ask for what you need in life...When you just enjoy your days on this planet and the one life that you have, you will find peace!?Together.I am good to life...its "how to live in peace" not life...... . jus do wht u like..how to life? dumbassHow to life?  Uh...  thanks - 2 points!Hmmm...this kinda question posted in Niagra Falls?  Thinking about jumping in?Ah folks! Yahoo Answers is worldwide. Not everyone knows perfect English. Give the poor guy a break. I'd really love to know: how many of you geniuses out there that liberally use words like "dumbass" to answer these kinds of questions are bilingual.. . As for your question: "How to live in peace", Smile a lot. Be kind, honest and generous. When people make you angry, try not to kill them. If you must, make sure you don't get caught.I/D/Knever, too busy do thisjust b u:)
Try to keep it casual and not a "date" just make it more like hanging out after work to get a beer or something. Then see if you even want to pursue more. People sometimes have one persona at work and another that is the real them!! Good Luck!don't do it.  it's not a good idea.  it's not worth taking the risk to see if you'd be one of the few people out there that actually has a good relationship w/a co-worker.  just keep it as a secret crush.  telling other co-workers isn't a wise idea either.  You don't need any rumors or drama over another co-worker.BUY THEM LUNCH,I personally wouldn't. You may not hit it off as anything more than friends and it may be awkward to see them at work constantly, if it didn't work out.hey I am willing to lose my job to get into your pants will you go out with meI don't know how to but someone did asked me out. the way she asked me out was so original that i didn't know she was asking me out(or was i dumb??). We were talking about this Chinese food and she popped the question ... she told me there is a Chinese hangout nearby and asked me if i wanna come. I said yes- never thought it was a date when she took me out somewhere else. The said  hangout was nearer from my house than hers...so u never know. we had fun- the fact that it didn't work our is another matter.. office romance isn't that cool...ask him to go places after work as friends first, like in a group. then after you guys get really comfortable, ask him to go do something one-on-one. if it seems like you guys are hitting it off, it will become natural and he might even ask YOU out ;). you could also ask a mutual friend to ask him how the guy feels about you. it might be awkward if you just start off asking the guy out and then he says no and u guys have to see each other every day.This is extremely covert, but it works----It requires the assist of at least one other person---First you must know a little about your target---some special interest they have--(do they like to have a drink after work / do they like to play pool / are they coffee addicts/ etc) then you just casually ask them if they'd like to join you and a couple of friends for a ...............(insert interest area here)  after work---doesn't work first off---in a few days alter the invite somewhat and go again---when they say yes and they eventually will---meet with them and the other person who after a short intervel---gets a call (oh my) something has come up and they have to leave----BINGO---after a short one-on-one you just sling out the old---you know WE need to do this more often thing------DOUBLE DAILY---works damn near every time !!!  (Oh--and with the River Walk atmosphere nearby--if you can't make that work for you --- you ain't even trying and we'll make you turn in your Texas citizenship papers)it's never a good idea to get invloved with some one at work, especially if it does not work out.  Not only would it be awkward, but one could loose their job over it.  If you really want to, just casually ask" hey are you doing anytjing after work", or " I heard there is this really good place to eat down town, would you like to try it with me?"  Just be suttle."Get out!"Do you want to go out?yeah, asking out a co-worker may just not be a good thing to do. but thats deff not what you want to hear. I would say, make it casual. try not to be embaressed, just ask "hey i liked working on this project with you, and i'd love to get to know you better. would you like to have dinner saterday?"  just keep it cool and casual, nothing fancy, just ask
a food made of flour, water and yeast.. it (can) contain a lot of fibre.. . it's also a bandBakers use two simple facts of life to create soft, spongy, moist bread: . . . First, they use the fact that yeast (a single-cell fungi) will eat sugar, and from the sugar create alcohol and carbon dioxide gas as waste products. The carbon dioxide gas created by yeast is what gives bread its airy texture, and the alcohol, which burns off during baking, leaves behind an important component of bread's flavor. . . Second, wheat flour, if mixed with water and kneaded, becomes very elastic. The flour-and-water mixture in bread becomes stretchy like a balloon because of a protein in wheat known as gluten. Gluten gives bread dough the ability to capture the carbon dioxide produced by yeast in tiny flour balloons.A food you eat.. . I have a question for you- What is stupid?. . U  :-)   LOLstarch carbon sugar$$$$$what is that with youre iqFlour, mild, and eggs all baked, then usually sliced.  some have different things in them, like bananas or blueberries.  Raisins even!  Its yummy...try it sometime!bread is a kind of food we eat. it is made of wheat. it is good. u can make sandwitches out of itmoney or bread.  are you just to young or stupid.something that get ya fatWhat you get at my house along with one glass of water per day.. Ya wanna come over sometime????a foodMoney!!!!!!!!!!!!!!$$$$$$$$$$$$$$A type of thing.Bread is a staple food which is prepared by baking, steaming, or frying dough. Bread consists minimally of flour and water; salt is present in most cases; and usually a leavening agent such as yeast is used. Breads may also contain spices (such as caraway seed) and grains (sesame, poppy seeds) which are often used for decorative purposes. There are a wide variety of breads and preferred varieties often vary from region to region.. . Breads can be eaten plain or topped with butter, peanut butter, or other nut butter; preserves or sweet spreads such as jam, jelly, marmalade, or honey; or savory spreads such as Marmite or Vegemite. It is also used as an enclosure for sandwiches. Once baked, bread can subsequently be toasted. Bread can be served ranging anywhere from room temperature to hot.. . Unwrapped bread can be stored in a breadbox to keep it fresh longer. It actually becomes stale more quickly in the low temperature of a refrigerator, although by keeping it cool mold is less likely to grow.. . Etymology. . The word itself, Old English bread, is common in various forms to many Germanic languages; such as German Brot, Dutch brood, Swedish br?d, and Norwegian br?d; it has been derived from the root of brew, but more probably is connected with the root of break, for its early uses are confined to broken pieces, or bits of bread, the Latin frustum, and it was not until the 12th century that it took the place—as the generic name for bread—of hlaf (modern English loaf), which appears to be the oldest Teutonic name; Old High German hleib and modern German Laib, or Finnish leip?, Estonian leib, and Russian khleb are similar (all are derived from Old Germanic).. [edit]. . History. . Bread is one of the oldest prepared foods, dating back to the Neolithic era. The first breads produced were probably cooked versions of a grain-paste, made from ground cereal grains and water, and may have been developed by accidental cooking or deliberate experimentation with water and grain flour. Descendants of these early breads are still commonly made from various grains worldwide, with the Mexican tortilla, Indian chapati, Chinese poa ping, Scots oatcake, North American johnnycake, and Ethiopian injera all being examples. The basic flat breads of this type also formed a staple in the diet of many early civilizations with the Sumerians eating a type of barley flat cake, and the 12th century BC Egyptians being able to purchase a flat bread called ta from stalls in the village streets.. . The development of leavened bread, also can probably be traced to prehistoric times. Yeast spores occur everywhere, including the surface of cereal grains, so any dough left to rest will become naturally leavened. Although leavening is likely of prehistoric origin, the earliest archaeological evidence is from ancient Egypt. Scanning electron microscopy has detected yeast cells in some ancient Egyptian loaves. However, ancient Egyptian bread was made from emmer wheat and has a dense crumb. In cases where yeast cells are not visible, it is difficult to determine whether the bread was leavened by visual examination. As a result, the extent to which bread was leavened in ancient Egypt remains uncertain.. . There were multiple sources of leavening available for early bread. Air borne yeasts could be harnessed by leaving uncooked dough exposed to air for some time before cooking. Pliny the Elder reported that the Gauls and Iberians used the foam skimmed from beer to produce "a lighter kind of bread than other peoples". Parts of the ancient world that drank wine instead of beer used a paste composed of grape juice and flour that was allowed to begin fermenting, or wheat bran steeped in wine, as a source for yeast. The most common source of leavening however was to retain a piece of dough from the previous day to utilize as a form of sourdough starter.. . Even within antiquity there was a wide variety of breads available. In the Deipnosophistae, the Greek autsome use the word to mean money. and of course food.
Just to supplement what my friends have said above, a typical dhaba has atleast one big earthen oven called "tandoor", has a prominent row of cooking utensils - Pateelas - displayed quite shining at the front top, do serve tandoori rotis and tandoori paranthas -plain or stuffed - and always have Dal (Makhni or not).. . And these dhaba may have little variation in different regions of India but can easily be identified / recoganised.. . To see their success, even many five star hotels, particularly in North India have a restaurant in their premises by somewhat similar name or appearance as Dhaba.dhaba is nothing but like a mini restourent but at cheep rates and not a good food to eatOn the side of roads and country side ,there are small Places where you can eat, mostly you get  Punjabi food in these places. that is called DHABAdhaba is a place where u get all that good stuff to eat which u don't get here in chicago. u get taste of the country, smell of the country, u can actually feel ur countryits an eating place usually on the highways and it has an authentic Indian look wooden furniture and open air and mainly famous for punjabi fooda small roadside shack mostly found on highways serving mainly punjabi food ... the food thy serve is very tasty most of the timesArre oh puttar ! ['Oh, youngster !', in Punjabi]. The 'dhaba' is a roadside eating place, found along the National Highways in India, where generous helpings of cheap, tasty and nourishing food are served to travellers [mostly truck drivers, but a lot of those driving their own 2/4 wheelers, as well !] - who have to sit in the open air on ethnic bamboo-cots, and relish these repasts, that are often fit for kings/queens !  . Most of these 'dhabas' are owned and operated by Sardar-jis [Singhs] of your own clan - some of whom have been in the same trade for over 5 generations, or more !
i think its suppose to be huckin with an f rather than an h. i could be wrong but that is what i get from it. thats its one very f'in large chicken. haha.they ment a bad word but couldn't say it on the tvIt is a harm animal used in hast hood!!a man in a chicken suit  riding a dirt bikeI thought it was big 'honkin' chicken, but who knows? I change the channel so fast when that commercial comes on, I seldom see it. The most annoying commercial ever.Some dumbass thing for a BurgerKing commercail.Im with superjacque it should be big fucking chicken. That would kick ass.stupidity on Burger King's part....the impression is there and should be removed...who knows.. but those commercials are funnyyou try one and let me knowHmm...I thought they said buckin...And I have no clue.  Do you think they might have something on the burgerking website?  I don't even know if burgerking has a website...they probably do.I used to work at a pet cemetary, every time an animal was cremated it smelled just like BURGER KING, so needless to say, I dont eat burger king.i don't know, but i REALLY don't wanna eat any of it...A "huck" is a big jump. He is the big "huckin" chicken because he hucks big jumps.a chicken with big muscles
because its better than a restaurant with food on the tables and chairs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i don't think i would go because if they cant keep the floor clean what does the kitchen look like??????if u know the owner and if u know he cleans very good then i will eat off the floor but if u look at the floor and it is all dirty and keep on walkingnot me.. lolI wouldn't...I wouldn't.I don't go to a resturant to eat food off the floor, I prefer the food to be on my plate.Is this a trick question? A riddle? Because if not, then the answer should be self-explanatory.. . Aria. . *The illnovelist*(1) Its a kids-friendly place. I can bring mine.. (2) Japanese style. Everyone sits on a mat on the floor.. (3) It is Jamaican "jerk" barbeque style. Sit around a pit and beautiful jerk chicken, jerk pork or jerk fish on a sheet of old newspaper (on the dirt floor).. (4) Hawaiian luau. Sit around a fire. Pass me a piece of roast pig please.. Eating on the floor is SO primeval.  It is the way people started sharing food. Delicious.depends on what kind of food your talking about. I have been to a few places where they serve peanuts and you throw the shells on the floor. which is fine. If you are talking about a poorly kept resturaunt where there is rotton food all over than NO.you wouldntnoSome African restaurants have their patrons sit on the floor and eat with their hands.  Food is fantastic.. . If it is something like peanut shells on the floor of a bar and grill or some steak houses, that's fine, too.. . I agree with Kitiany that if it's a place with lots of kids, and there's the occasional floor mess, then that might be a place for me to take my family.I have no idea.  My knees hurt too much for that trend.
If you already have a gmail account, there's a little bar on the left that says Chat and has a list of people below it -- move your mouse over one of the people's names and a little window comes up, you can choose to e-mail/chat with them there. . Green dots means they're on, red dots means they don't want to talk, gray means they're not on.Go to google.com and download "google talk"pls give ur id..GO TO GMAIL AND DOWNLOAD GOOGLE TALK.SIMPLE!what's this have to do with dining out?
I guess it's better that you post here than preying on pre-pubescent children on MySpace you self-absorbed POS.This is an extremely vital question!. . May I have some time to consider it carefully?Well because when you wipe your butt the hairs protect it from getting raw.ITS JUST THERE AND UR SUPPOSED TO CLIP IT OFF!Because when it gets long you are suppose to braid it...PendejoTION GO TO CHURCH  TRY TO AT LEAST ACT LIKE YOU HAVE SOME INTELLIGENCE  I FEEL SORRY FOR YOU AND I WILL PRAY FOR YOU  YOU AND SOME OF THESE OTHER GOOF OFFS ARE AN OFFENSE TO ANYONE WITH A MORALCODE  OR A BRAINthere are no clean cut answers for this simple question. however one aspect of what i have just explained is true.  there are answers not an answer..   1. a purpose might be something to laugh at when the camera is at a weird angle in a 70's porno..   2. the reason they sell shaving cream for sensitive skin..   3. to make people like you ask questions..       and for the second part of your question. if you have any sense you shave it, not comb it. otherwise you will need a comb cleaner for your buttre finger BB's , other wise known as poop dinkies...or as a scholar pronounces them...dingle berries.
It depends on the restaurant and what sort of mood I'm in.  Even at the same restaurant, I often try different things each time that I go.  Just never anything with beef for me...  The most common thing I get is probably some kind of salad.Easy nothing because we cant afford to dine in one, lol.sea foodPork of any kind if they offer it.  Otherwise I like Porter House Steak, or New York  Strip Steak, French Onion Soup, Baked potato/sour creme.If salad is available, I get Blue cheese dressing.I guess I'd order their speciality.Something very fine.Always order one of the specials.  If you haven't had the special before It is probably a good place to try new things.  They probably know what they are doing in the kitchen.  I love eating at fine places and ordering new things.What i love to eatsomething  goodwater. "-)Depends on their specialty. If it's Italian, obviously some pasta dish.  If it's a steak house, then some sort of steak or prime rib meal.  Seafood, then some seafood dish.fooda hamburger with mustardusually one of their house specialties.whatever you want...i mean if your going to spend money on it make sure you enjoy it...or try something new...make it worth itmy favorite restaurants are Red Lobster, Outback, Chili's and TGI Fridays. They're not "fine" restaurants but casual enough for mewhat ever you like...I myself prefer to start with appetizer...Rumake or Crab Cakes, sometimes I have a simple shrimp cocktail..I always have Green Godess dressing on my romain and Iceberg...for the main course, If I feel the need for meat, I will have a South American Ribeye or Steak Oscar with Bernaise and Asparagas...French Baked Potato with Sour Cream and FRESH chives.. If I feel like bird, I will have Lemon Chicken on Rice Pilaf...and if I am feeling starchy...I NEVER have scampi on angel hair, I choose the Creamy Cajun Chicken...and of course, I prefer to drink Chianti therefore I usually order the steak...but IF I shoot for fish or shrimp, I'll have a Carafe of White Zin...mostly to please my date.Chicken Scampi, Chicken Fettucini Alfredo... it also depends on what kind of fine restaurant.  Usually something with chicken is always a good choice.The waiter usually have special offerings for the evening.  This might spark your interest.   Or simply ask the waiter to suggest a dish.  No chicken please.the only fine restaurants i go to are italian and i order usually pennecon vodka or chikin parmesaen if im lucky both
YES I SEE KRISH& I LIKE IT SO MUCHWHAT THE HECK DOES THIS QUESTION HAVE TO DO WITH DINING OUT???????????
4 cups water. 2 chicken boullion cubes. 3 tablespoons cornstarch. 1/4 cup soy sauceWith Fish brothCat penis and dog anus.  Yum, reminds me of home.
