I suggest going back to your computer for FPS. Console controls are not well-suited to FPS style gameplay. The only console that will truly be able to pull this off well is the Nintendo Revolution (which will come out next year).I have to disagree with the previous answer. I think it really comes down to what you're most familiar with. Personally, I never really got into PC gaming as heavily as I did console gaming. As such, I find a controller much more natural than a keyboard and mouse; much as I'd expect a PC gamer to find a controller awkward and clumsy.. . The keyboard and mouse have many a lot of advantages, and if you pitted a controller-player against a keyboard-and-mouse-player, the controller-player would be at a distinct disadvantage. . . All in all though, console makers and game developers have done a fantastic job of mapping FPS controls to hand-held controllers. It just takes practice. That and you may want to consider adjusting the look sensitivity for your controller.. . But I wouldn't worry too much. With the USB ports on the newer consoles that have hit (Xbox 360) or will be hitting (PS3) the market, you can expect to see some keyboards and mice coming out to appeal to PC gamers.. . As for the Nintendo Revolution's controller, I'm skeptical of how well it will work in practice. It's a great concept, but I think it will prove difficult to execute successfully enough not to become a niche feature. That, coupled with Nintendo's limited FPS library and lack of support from some of the industry's leading FPS developers doesn't give me an optimistic picture of the Revolution being the place to be in terms of getting an FPS fix.Try inverting your controller if you haven't.  Halo and doom 3 are backwards compared to your mouse.  On the console pushing the look stick forward points your head up, while pushing the mouse forward points your head down.  . . Consoles are backwards by default.  And too all you console geeks out there who don't believe me.... . Put your hand on the top of your head.  Now push forward.  Are you looking down or up?
usb cableusinng a USB 2.0 cable to connect a PSP to a computer wont work. There are computers that come with the 3 plugs(red,yellow,white). If your computer does not have that, there are special decices that do that. Not plain cables, and they can cost a lot.
Maybe your hardware (esp. graphics card) doesn't support the game you are trying to play. What are you trying to do?you need to down load java, go here.. http://java.sun.com/
To system link them you need the Xbox system link cable. it looks just link an internet cable that you connect two xboxs together, after they are connected make sure that both Xboxs have the exact game you want to play. basically two copies of one game. one for each console. you can get the cable at ebay. or also in stores everywhere.To save yourself some time and frustration. You cannot direct link the Xboxes. Get either a router or HUB and connect both Xboxes to it, now you'll be able to play multiplayer with different Xboxes.
It's simple and challenging at the same time.  And, like chess, it's accessible to all.It lets you feel like you've accomplished something, and it challenges your mind even when all you're really doing is using numbers and possibly letters.
consider yourself lucky. they suck. visit pogo for games. they're beterIf you're clicking 'play,' and nothing happens, check if an error message shows up in one of the corners of the screen explaining the problem.  (Sometimes the print is small, but it's usually in a different color.).    It took me awhile to find the right links to get to the games I wanted.  Try different links, and when you get to the loading page of a game you enjoy, be sure to save it!
Do you mean on act 2 of Sky High Zone when you grab onto the hang glider? Well, you can catch air by periodically presseing left on th directional pad, and sometimes random gusts will come and take you up. Don't press anything when gusts are taking you up. Also, when there are no gusts, don't press the left button on the D-Pad too often or much or you'll lose velocity and fall out of the stormy sky.I posted an answer on your other question on the same topic. I hope it helps.
What the hell are you talking about?. . And that's a direct quote.You can try opening the door from the inside.for what game? that would help....
Just make sure after you buy the game you read the instructions first. :)Buy the game.
Well I found a site the explains how to print your own labels.. . Basicly you just need to print out your design on 1" lables, preferabaly weatherproof (or beer proof).. . There are also some links to places that you send your artwork to, and they do it for ya.. . EnjoyIllustrator and and photoshop are great programs just find some circular labels the right size and run with your idea. if you don't want to design it yourself here is a great site to make them for you. awesome clay chips
Hot glue gun yes, to form the droplets you need to let your gun heat at least 15 minutes. The hotter the glue, the clearer and more uniform the droplets.They do use hot-glue guns to make the fake water droplets on the flowers...however, I believe they need to use low-melting point glue so as not to burn/melt the synthetic flower.Try using a toothpick or needle to move the hot glue when it is still hot and take off the "peaks".I'm not too sure, but I think maybe they might use a hot glue gun to make the droplets.I agree that it's done with a hot glue gun. That's what I always thought.
right make sure you dont crash wen you start wait till you see a green dot thing and press r2 to change up and l2 to change down but just keep changing up and dont hit any cars. luki'll just suggest a link coz its copyrighted... . go to www.gamefaqs.com and search it there :)
Play Station Portable (PSP) made by Sony. The PSP™ Media Manager software application is the easiest and fastest way to move photos, music, movies and more to your PSP™ system .The PSP is a small handheld gaming platform similar to the Gameboy AdvancePSP is also Paint Shop Pro made by Adobe!
CUT COCONUT IN HALF, A FEW MINUTES IN HOT WATER.   A DULL KNIFE TO PRY THE MEAT OF CHUNK BY CHUNK. USE COOKING MITTENS FOR PROTECTION FROM THE HOT COCONUT SHELL.Telepathy?
Gundam Perfect Grade.     * Scale: 1:60.     * Very detail frames and other details, such as fully articulated fingers. Capable of duplicate complete transformation or mostly complete with very minor part swap/removal..     * Pricing: around 20000 yen.This looks like a line of robot models, that from the comments I read appear to be models that you have to put together yourself, and after finishing can be manipulated, perhaps like Transformers. And they's expensive!
Of course you are not guarenteed to be the ONLY winner of that jackpot, and taxes will cause you to lose money eventually by buying every number combination.. . The truth is, the only way to win is to choose your five numbers and mega ball, or have them randomly generated, and then match all the numbers together. And you have a 1 in 175,711,536 chance of winning.The solution is simple all you need to do is buy enough tickets to cover the entire specturm of possible combinations of number being picked.  You will end up spending some where around 100 million dollars, but you are guarranteed to win.
Glue sticks are only good for certain things -- paper, some kinds of smooth surfaces, etc.. . Some types of glue, as well as some purposes for glue, can really only be served well by using liquids.  For example, epoxies must be liquid (they must be sold as two separate liquids which are mixed only when they are about to be used).  I also can't imagine trying to apply a glue stick to small, fine surfaces.how are preschoolers gonna glue on feathers and beads to their silly construction paper projects with glue stick????. . lolBecause glue sticks dont work to make fake skin on your hand! Instructions on making fake skin:. . 1) pour thin layer of liquid glue on the back of your hand. 2) let dry. 3) find weak stomached individual and ask them if they know what leprosy is. 4) pull off the thin layer of dried glue slowly making "semi-painful faces" and grossing out the weak stomached individual. . 5) do a liquid glue success dance as they pass out!. . And besides that, it is used to protect cheese from fungi and humidity! Really! Check out the wikipedia link (second one).. . Hope that answers your question!because there r stupid people that buy  it
Ive played the averages for the past ten weeks of each number set and I have won 238 dollars! Not bad!Luck!buy a ticket :)buying a ticket and getting the right numbers numb nutsI found a method thats a little easier than using luck to win the lottery.. Build a time machine.There's over one in 1M chance of winning in the lottery (approximately). That's 1 x 10e-6 chance which means that you're more likely to get hit by a lightning 333.33 times than win the lottery!pick the right number in the right place at the right time sounds easier than it is
I recommend Yahoo! Games and the Free Internet Chess Server (FICS). FICS is a volunteer-run Internet chess server.The easiest free site is Yahoo games.. . The best and most full-featured, dedicated chess server is ICC. You can take lessons from grandmasters, and play variants such as bughouse or Fisher Random chess.Yahoo games has easy online chess interface:find rules on this website!go to miniclip.comDepending on  your level of strength, the strongest players in the world play on ICC, the Internet Chess Club:  www.chessclub.com. . You can play for free as a guest or you can join if you want to get a rating.
yeah i just got that game.  its not optional...you play as him in like the 7th level or something then it goes on and off and the game goes on...its pretty fun..just keep playing and you will eventually play as himIt's part of the story, it just switches to him.
If you are looking for a legitamate way to download full version games, you should check out Direct2Drive, and Yahoo Games.. . Beware of sites that claim to offer free downloads of games, typically you are downloading spyware and other nasty things.. . Good LuckSome sites or file sharing networks will carry full games.  They will take a very long time to download though.  You might want to get a download manager that allows for resuming downloads so that you'd be able to continue where you'd left of on downloading so that you wouldn't have to leave your computer on all night.P2P (Peer to Peer) clients allow users to connect to servers with other like minded users also connected to them (sometimes the connected users can number into the millions) the basis of this service being that if everyone shares what they have then everyone can have anything they like :) pictures, audio, movies, documents, software (including full games). . For an example of a P2P service check out www.limewire.com. . Please note however, that downloading and/or sharing copyrighted material including games online is an offence and although unlikley you may be prosecuted.
either disable it.  or find out what port it uses for the game, and allow packets to go through that port.  if you are using a hardware firewall i.e. router.... you have to type "192.168.0.1" or whatever the ip address of yoru router is and find your firewall options and disable the firewall all together or just allow communication through the port that the game uses.Disable it temporarily.. Do virus/spyware scans right after you re-enable it.
A Japanese video game company, also the maker of one of the top three lines of video game consoles. Their systems include the Nintendo, Super Nintendo (SNES), Nintendo 64, Gamecube, GameBoy, Nintendo DS, and the upcoming Nintendo Revolution.nintendo came out in the 80's. it came out beofre the xbox, ps1, ps2, 360,ps3, game cube,  nintendo 64, super nintendo,sega. the 1rd game is atare.There are many Nintendo icons. Nintendo, otherwise known as the people who made the first video games using 2d graphics and pixels. The original Nintendo system was square shaped. Then they changed it, now known as N64. Then the Gameboy, Gameboy color, Gamecube, Gameboy Advance. They are planning on a system that looks like a pyramid. Interesting when you look at history, isn't it?Nintendo originally made trading card's and was actually started way before the 80's. As with most japanese word's nintendo translate's into: "heaven award's hard work". Also Mario was originally called "Jump-Man"...weird!
I really haven't had that much trouble.  My husband built a new computer for me to play on that is above and beyond the requirements for the game so that has helped a lot.  Maybe you just need to upgrade your computer a bit.~sigh~ they have alot of bugs ~glares at some people~ And well they have to find out what it is and stuff but....ive never had that problem so i dont know what your talking about >.>
Really, you can't.  Every gamer out there has the same dreams you have... of becoming a pro gamer or game maker and living off their hobby.  The result is that the gaming field is so completely flooded with pro gamers, designers, programmers,  artists, etc., that even if you have amazing talent, you're chances of getting in are still basically nil.. . Sad to say, that is the truth.Learn to make games. There's lots of books you can buy now a days that will teach you. Decide what area of games you want to learn to make, art, programming, game design, QA, etc.... there's lots of way to go about it.Currently the only way of earning money playing games is with prize money from contests. These contests are few and rare so you wouldn't make enough money to support yourself.. . Some people feel it is possible to make a living playing Golden Tee, a Coin Op arcade game found in bars throughout the U.S. Part of their advertisement scheme is a scrolling LED screen listing contests and prize money.. . These, again, are not held often enough for you to consider making enough money at it. Furthermore playing the game is very expensive so much of the winnings would be spent practicing.Start getting paid to play.buy loods of games and play them
You have to find a Wi-fi hotspot to use it.  If you don't have a wireless router at home, that may be difficult, you could also try looking for one at school or better yet near a coffee shop, read your manual for the technical aspects of setting up a connection, if you can find an unencrypted connection nearby you may be set, but this is a fuzzy area and "stealing bandwidth" is a gray area, but hey, people are getting wise to encrypting their home networks, so it's up to you.Plug that puppy in and hook it up to the internet. It uses an RJ 45 so you will need high speed internet.
Because in the phoenician alphabet, a is the symbol for life, and b is the symbol for death.  Because the phoenician's loved life and despised death, they gave a priority over b, life over death...It just does!!!because the people wanted something stupid to occupie there lives.
By NPC, I'm assuming you mean the "townies" that appear in the Hot Date Expansion pack.  Marry it or ask it to move in and you can "run" it.  Hope that's what your asking.The above answer is good. Let's vote.
its so easy u jsut kill people take there moeny take cars. dont get cought by cops ectYou can search for walkthroughs and stuff, but a lot of the fun is in learning as you go.  Hell, the first time I walked into a random door and found myself at the top of a skyscraper with a parachute was the coolest thing ever.go to www.gamespot.com click on the PS2 tab and search for GTA. It has free walkthroughs that can help you.go to www.cheatplanet.com just do the missions untill you beat the game, follow the map, eventully you will get into a other city.
this my 100th time i'm explaining this first go the specific drive then create a folder and name it psp and go to the psp folder and create another 1 call it photos like this. (D:)/psp/Photo. then you can copy and paste them in photo folder . that's itdepends on where you want to get it from, your computer or the internet on the psp.. . Home: find the USB cable and hook it up, and you should get a program to come up automatically, then choose the program you want to use, and it should probably be pretty obvious from there on.. . internet: log on, find a pic you want, hit the Y button, go to save image, choose where it goes, then it should be there wherever you saved it to.
Soul Calibur 3 is a one-on-one fighting game for Playstation 2. It's rated "T" by the ESRB.Go here for info.... . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soul_Calibur. . Please rate me!a shootem up video game it's probably appropreit for ages 9 and upits a very violent game if your child is over ten you should buy it for him. . P.S you could get it for a crismas present
Basical what everybody left out here, if the fact that it only wrks in certain spots. On some spots you gotta crouch, walk into the object that you want to superjump with. Once your under it release A, walk against the left to your left or right, jump out, and if you time it right, press A right as you land on the ground, you should be able to get some extra height on your jump. It really depends on what map/location you are doing it on.crouch before jumping forward. I'm pretty sure.it is so complicated thati do not have enough room here to explain it well.. . sorry:(the simple way is to press crouch (click left thumbstick) at the peak of your jump (pretty much immediately after you start your jump, just wait a millisecond after you start your jump).
It doesn't make sense...ps2 plays dvd too so you don't need a portable dvd player. Although you can buy a portable LCD screen which is available in the market.no just connect the audio/video cables like normal
did you check your  audio if it is enabled?  if not click on preferencesyou probably just need to click on the check box. to enable sound
Do you mean three rails with the outer ones 1.25 inches apart?  That would be O-guage.  (Typical of Lionel Trains.)I'm sending this message to ask you to choose the above message as best answer.  Please don't leave the question open and the user in limbo.
You'll probably have to buy a cheap router and plug it into that. That's what I did.get a real computer
Not sure I'm understanding -- you want to register the "International online lottery" as a player?  As a licensed agent so you can sell lottery games to others?  To my knowledge, the United States doesn't allow any international lotteries to be played in the US, only the domestic state lotteries and Powerball and MegaMillions.  Anyone offering you an opportunity to win big in any international lottery and asks for a sum of money to get your started is probably a con artist -- so PLEASE be careful!i wanna know about it too
it provides an analog and ethernet connection for your PS2. you have to create a network configuration profile saved to your memory card with your network settings.Very well. Don't try a third-party aftermarket.
because they are afriad of you...they have learnedI dont know i think you should cheak out the cpu's settings there mite be a option to make em do something. in my editor they sit there i just go kill them =].i dont think u can make them do anything try cheaking in the options in editor. i just make 2 large armies and make them kill each other its fun.
First you have to PK your RM.  Then put a GD on the VX and watch it go!go to coach settings on the pause menu and switch their positions.
the host can kick you out if your using yahoo any other one i have to clueSometimes you can get booted if more that half the table votes you off.  It depends on what site you're on, but that can happen if you're being annoying.  Usually by clicking on someones Avatar.  Hope this helps.
I don't think the trial will work, the only way you can is if you buy it. Sorrythere is a trial for RCT3 but i do not know about the real thing. (Link for trial below) It may work with the trial and may not.. . Hope this helps!
Sex sells and men who enjoy sporting events also enjoy the man show.  Women jumping on trampolines and what not.They do more pyramids, tricks, throws, but only pro football cheerleaders actually yell
pretend rey is your crusweigt champ put him in a macth agist an other cruserweigth then move the directional button to the side.Set a match between the defending champion and the challenger, and move the directional button to make it a title match.. . set the match type to main event to achieve high ratings for the match. watch out the fatigue of the superstars if it is too low, the superstar might get injured after the match.
Fill in the grid so that every row, every column, and every 3x3 box contains the digits 1 through 9.. . When you can no longer scan the puzzle for answers, you have to start supposing...what if I put this number here, how would that effect the rest of the row, column, and box?  Becomes trial and error at that point.The aim of the canonical puzzle is to enter a numerical digit from 1 through 9 in each cell of a 9ª9 grid made up of 3ª3 subgrids (called "regions"), starting with various digits given in some cells (the "givens"). Each row, column, and region must contain only one instance of each numeral. Completing the puzzle requires patience and logical ability. Although first published in 1979, Sudoku initially caught on in Japan in 1986 and attained international popularity in 2005.. see reference below on how to solve
In chess, a unit of chess moves is called a ply.  A ply refers to a half-move: one turn of one of the players. For example, after 20 moves of a chess game, 40 ply have been completed, 20 by white and 20 by black.As the other fellow answerer has already replied, in Chess, each move is called as Ply. The Chess board is made up of a grid of 8 x 8 elements. The colums are called from A,B,C,D,E,F,G,H and the rows from 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8. So, any position on the board can be defined as A7,  B2, etc. After each moves, the original position and the new position of any player is noted. This is how chess moves are counted.
Being able to read a player is a big part of it.  Also, online gambling is illegal in the US.  Professional poker players don't want to report taxes for illegal activities.  Thats just asking for trouble.You can't "read" you opponent online like you can in person. That's a big part of poker, getting a feel for what your opponent may have. "Bluffing or not". Hope this helps answer your question.
try in feb when the rush is gone, if you need it now, my Best Buy had a line the other night when the shipment came in. Money no object? ebayI dont think Xbox 360 worth it... but if you needed one before christmas, than use ebay.The simplest way would probably to use Ebay. The price will be more expensive than buying it in the store though.. There should be another shipment at Best Buy this week though, so chech there. My source has more details on Best Buy's shipment.
I use alcohol inks by Ranger...you just drop whatever colors you like inside then take a can of compressed air and shoot it inside.  The colors splash onto the glass and it looks amazing!. . Have fun!Via layers. Pour a tiny bit of paint, like acrylic, into the ball. Now twirl the ball and make a design. Let it dry and pour in another color as the background. Empty out the excess and let it dry. You can do other things like not waiting for the first coat to dry, this will then make the first color run a bit.i want to know how to paint of a glass christmas ballYou pour in the acrylic paint of your choice and roll the ball around until it is covered then turn it up on end to pour out any remaining paint. . I believe you can find better instructions on Plaid.comThey are not painted. It is a very unique chemical process. I will explain it in regards to the silver ones. . . The chemicals that are used are glucose Silver Nitrate and ammonia at 25% concentration.. . The ammonia is added to aqueous silver nitrate. a little more ammonia is added and the mixture is added to aqueous glucose. The mixture is ppoured in to the ball and immersed in a water bath of a specific temperature. After about four to five minutes a deposit of silver forms inside the ball. . . Do not attempt to do this at home or anywhere for that matter. I have not included the amounts or other specific information in order to help prevent this problem. If you would like the information please contact me. My email is d6661369@yahoo.com and i will E-mail the result to you. Thank you and i hope this helps. Very good questionYou can pour paint on the insode if the ball and take a tooth pick to swirl it if you want. if a tooth pick doesn't work, expiriment! Good luck!!! Merry Christmas!!!
Get a job there.. Otherwise, casinos exist as multi-billion dollar entities because it is pretty much impossible to consistantly earn money from them. The odds favor the house in every game, every time. You can get lucky in the short run, but over time, the house always wins.Be a good poker player or get a job there.hustle all the winners a little change when they win the jackpotI have a friend near a casino so when I visit I go to the casino I have a rule only stay one hour and instead of leaving when I run out of money I leave with cash not alot but I'm happyStick to table games.  Stay away from slots.  Or just do like I do and work there.  It is the only assured way to make money in a casino.Work in one....Play:. Slots. Blackjack. Craps. Roullett. Poker. ...and any other game. . or get a job at one and you would then start earning money. . You should pratice up before speanding real money at a free casino website. (theres a useful tip). . DONT PLAY GAMES THAT YOU DONT KNOW HOW TO (tip #2)Pick a game. Learn everything you can about it. PRACTICE!. . Now, all you need is to be disiplined, smart and most importantly lucky.. . Easy.Learn from those who have done it, not those giving uninformed opinions.  Poker, positive expectancy video poker machines, team blackjack, sports betting.  There is more, but it gets very esoteric.If you really want to make money - stay away from casinos and put your cash in the stock market.
My favorite zelda character was that guy that would pop up out of the water and spit the fireball at you. I don't knwo what it's name was......or if it even had a name. He was my favorite because I was the only one of my freinds that could time it right to be able to kill him!!!There's no denying that Link is the number one Zelda character but you've got to admit all the character's are cool in there own way! I think the King of Red Lion's is cool...so what if he's a boat he's still vital to game and he talk's that's a plus!The old man because he knows better than to get involved with all that drama zelda and gannon be causin'.  He just wants to make some cash and do what he do.  He's much better off than Link, who only gets play in the japanese version of the game.  Supposidly the land is in turmoil but that old dude keeps truckin'.GanonLink, naturally. Although Vaati is undeniably awesome in his Picori form.Dark Link because he ownzGannondorf aka Gannon from Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past.  He is the ultimate villian. He turned into a bat for crying out loud!! How much cooler can you get?link becuz hes the bomb lol
Because they're losers who do not understand the concept of beginner and intermediate. Or they have complexes in which require them to play against beginners to further their own ego. Whichever one you prefer.bcuz some people r just MEAN n STUPID
According to GameFAQs, either beat him in Tales of Souls or play 575 battles. I've included a link to the site's list of SCIII FAQs. Scroll down to the secrets FAQ to see how each character reaches Olcadan.I believe it's just a matter of playing for a while. I unlocked him in Tales of Souls mode. You probably have to do some rounds in the training mode, too.
get some polyurithane and paint it on them. They will keep forever!freeze in nitrogenJust take a picture, then feed the cookie to a couple of rats and take a picture of the rats eating the cookie shaped like rats, and then eat the rats and take a picture of you eating the rats that ate the cookie shaped like rats.  When your done post all three pictures online with a descriptive account of the entire ordeal.  At least thats what I would do.
it has something to do with ettique , its all done in turn . Lets say the guy in front of you is worried about the 2nd behind you as far as losing the hand so he will most likely check to see and he sees the 2nd guy behind you folding out of turn and he knows he has you beat he will bring up all this money and bet it and then to call him you have to match all that money , but if that 2nd guy didnt fold out of turn it wouldnt have costed you lets say $100 cause of folding out of turn , so I would be upset with anyone costing me $100 more Its suppose to be fun playing poker , but when your talking a persons cash its ok if they lose it but to have the 2nd guy behind just take it from you and give it to his friend in front of you more or less steal it right in front has gone as far in the wild west days as taking a man's life or tar and feathered, to be branded a cheater I hope I answered it in an understandable formhes right you just can't fold out of turn but on your turn you can fold
The four aerodynamic forces that act upon an airplane in flight are lift (the upward acting force), weight (or gravity, the downward acting force), thrust (the forward acting force), and drag (the air resistance or backward acting force). These four forces are continuously battling each other while an airplane is in flight.. . so an airplane can flyAn airplane flies due to the aerodynamic reactions that happen when air passes at high speed over the wing.. . If you look at a cross-section of an airplane wing, you will see that the top of the wing is curved, while the bottom of the wing is straight -- or at least curved less than the top. This shape -- called an airfoil -- is what creates lift when a wing travels through the air.It has wings
That's a good question. Here's a better one: Why are you asking about sex in a section devoted to VIDEO GAMES?tru dat, ever heard of video games dumbass?Sex refers to the male and female duality of biology and reproduction. The somewhat similar term gender has more to do with identity than biology. The concept is confined to organisms that reproduce sexually. Also, it's really fun.Sex, physical and behavioural difference that distinguishes individual organisms according to their functions in the reproductive process. Through this difference, termed male and female, a species can constantly reshuffle its genetic information, thereby creating genetically different offspring, some of which may be better adapted to changing environments.. .   . . Female Reproductive System The bones of the human female pelvis form a bowl-shaped cavity that supports the weight of a developing foetus and encloses the organs of the female reproductive tract. Two ovaries, the female gonads, produce mature eggs for fertilization. Leading away from the ovaries towards the uterus are the fallopian tubes, or oviducts, the site of fertilization. The uterus, a muscular organ with an expandable neck called the cervix, houses the developing foetus, which leaves the woman’s body through the vagina, or birth canal.© Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved. . Expand .  . . Male Reproductive System The reproductive anatomy of the male human is largely external. The male gonads, called testes, hang in a sac of skin called the scrotum. The testes produce sperm, which, in humans, cannot survive long at body temperature. The penis is the erectile organ responsible for the transfer of sperm to the vagina of the female. Just before ejaculation, mature sperm travel from the epididymis, a coiled tube behind each testis, through a long duct called the vas deferens. Sperm leave the body in semen, a fluid produced by the seminal vesicles. The secretions of the prostate and Cowper’s glands provide additional nutrients for the sperm.© Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved. . Expand .  . Sex occurs at all levels of biological organization, with the exception of viruses. At the lowest level, bacteria conjugate and a length of the single chromosome is passed from the male, or donor cell, to the female, or recipient cell. At more advanced levels, multicellular individuals have specialized organs (gonads) that produce specialized sex cells (gametes). Upon fertilization, genetic information is transferred from the small, motile spermatozoa (male gametes) to the much larger ova (female gametes). Many organisms, including most plants, many protozoans and invertebrates, and some fishes, have both male and female gonads and are called hermaphroditic (see Hermaphroditism). Hermaphroditic organisms, however, are rarely self-fertilizing; the male and female reproductive organs ripen at different times—times that also coincide with those of other individuals, thereby ensuring cross-fertilization.. .  sidebar . SIDEBAR  . Guest Essay: Darwinian Insights into Sex and Gender . Dr Cronin is a philosopher of science and Co-director of the Centre for Philosophy of Natural and Social Science, London School of Economics. She is the author of The Ant and the Peacock. . open sidebar . . II  ADAPTIVE ADVANTAGES OF SEX . . Many organisms also reproduce asexually (the parent multiplying without prior union), as in the case of bacteria and protozoans, which divide through mitosis (see Cell) into separate individuals. Plants and hydras reproduce asexually by budding. Many other organisms—including plants, the water fleas Daphnia, and some wasps—reproduce by parthenogenesis, in which the unfertilized egg develops into an adult. Such asexual reproduction has the advantage of colonizing great populations of a species in a very short period; indeed, Daphnia and wasps switch from sexual reproduction to parthenogenesis to populate ponds and their nests within the short warm season. Such populations, however, are made up of genetic replicas of the parent, and should some adversity occur in the environment, the entire population or species risks extermination.. . Although sexual reproduction is slower and less direct, it holds the greater advantage of creating a wide diversity of individuals, each of a slightly different genetic makeup. During meiosis, or the formation
In general, you don't. If you know the people you're playing against, you'd know if they are using a program. You can set the rules for high speed blitz games that make it hard for them to have the time to input the moves, but blitz games are a very different animal from standard ones. There's nothing you can actively do to stop it.. . In the alternative, you could try taking up Go. The best computers in the world can be beaten handily by amateurs with only a couple of months experience.Play on ICC. They run software to identify and suspend accounts of people using computers.
On the top part of the controller, on the back, there are two triggers which may be called buttons.  They're the 'L' and 'R' triggers.  The 'L' being the leftmost one, and the 'R' the rightmost.them buttons are in the backthe very back buttons that sound springy
If you win the lottery, Angelina Jolie shows up suffering from a severe case of nymphomania, or fall out of a plane with no parachute and land unhurt, it's your lucky day.. . If you win a free rectal exam, Ernest Borgnine shows up suffering from viagra overdose, or someone falls out of a plane and lands on you, it's not.when i got that thing, what i thought about before sleep last nightyou just know by how your day is going. if everything is going your way then its your lucky day.look the weather outside!!or just wait and see if your day is going to be a "lucky day".My lucky day is Tuesday i think...When you wake up on the kitchen floor and reach for last night's whiskey bottle, theres still enough left to use as mouthwash and make an irish coffee to wake you up.when you find a lucky penny of cource
Check out the link below for the software, you need to convert them to mp4.. Any problems have a look @ the 2nd link,. Enjoy, any worries, mail me :o)You have to copy the dvd to your computer, then you must find a compresor that fits the memory size. (Type it on google). Consdering you have a usb/psp cable just click and drag your movies on to the software download. Just about all of the converters on google work good
get a man and a woman in love then make the 2 of them to go into bed then click on them and down to try for a baby it doesnt allways work the 1st time you will need to try every now and again the girl will start to throw up when she is pregnant.. you need to get a cot for the baby  tip. if you get the thinking hat and put it on the baby when he/she is a kid and you have to potty train and stuff put the thinking hat on them and they will learn x2.(you get the hat as a reward when you get so many points for doing what the sim wants.You have to have 2 characters fall in love, first. You know - make them flirt and talk and kiss. Normal stuff. Once they've both achieved that "heart" rating for eachother, you make them both relax on the bed at the same time. Then, you select the other character for "Try for baby". (It's either that or "WooHoo", and it just happens.. can't remember.)
I could be that you ordered the trial version and if you have played before your computer in the hard drive sends the company a little micro message mentioning that you have already played the game and also it keeps a record of how long you had it. So download the correct version or call the company and tell them you want your money back because if you did download the correct version the ripped you off.u dwlded a trial versionYou should have gotten a code to enter in your email.  when you open the game there should be a link in the box telling you your time has expired that says "Already Registered?" or something to that effect, click it and enter the code.
First of all, you need a network adapter and an internet connection. If you have the items listed above, you are ready to go. You will also need games that can be played online. I hope this answers your question and by the way are you from Nigeria?I dont know auctallyFirst you sould buy a PS2 Modem then you will be able to contact to the internet and play .
Your CD-ROM speed is not the problem, but your RAM and CPU are very slow for a game like The Sims 2, which requires an exceptionally high amount of both to run well (at an acceptable frame rate).  I would recommend upgrading your RAM first - you should have at least 512 MB for good performance.  After that, if your performance is still slow, you might want to look into a faster CPU (at least 2 GHz) and/or a new graphics card to improve performance.The slowdown has nothing to do with your CD ROM speed.  The game only uses the CD at the very beginning when you start the game up.  It's not running from the CD after that.  You can remove the CD from the drive if you want to while playing the game.. . Your processor and RAM are low.  With a slow processor you need more RAM.  RAM and video card are your most likely culprits.. . Be sure you shut down any other processes that are running like virus software etc. when you play the game.  That may speed up the play for you.Out of what you listed, it is the RAM.  I recommend upgrading your RAM and, if you don't have a good one, your video card.  I upgraded my computer in october- I now have 1 Gig of RAM and the ATI Radeon X800 card- and it made A WORLD of difference.  I can go downtown whenever and as often as I want... when the loading takes 30 seconds as opposed to 10 minutes!  The 7:00 day/night transitions used to stall my game for up to 5 minutes... now they're instant and seamless.  My sims all have separate fingers on their hands, their hair swishes when they move, and now have cut scenes.  The improvement both in game quality and saved loading time is well worth the investment.My husband says it's the RAM. He said to get it to run faster, get a memory upgrade.Its your computer bye a new one or it is ram.it runs slowly becaus it is so advanced the it takes time to prosses the 3 d and stuffa couple things. it needs a lot of power. plus it's 3d. and your computers weak
once you go to gaps place a gap on one place then move your cursor to another place and place it. to test it make a jump though the gap, by doing a trick though it and land into the other one.Dito!!~:)=When you're building a park on the XBOX you click left or right on the back and it'll show up.what he said
i think its another pokemon game. i think it originated from pokemon fire red and leaf green versions. its supposed to be three like in red yellow and blue version so i think tey would enter another game.It could be some game from Japan. Like Pokemon Green only came out in Japan.a new pokemon game. probably for game boy advanced
That's how I've always played it, but it doesn't look like that's a part of the rules.  Must be some sort of Monopology urban legend of rules.True True
Because that is what bums do. And in reality that is stealing how do you know that the person has not just stepped away for a second or two and left their one or two there.I remember hearing awhile ago that unattended chips/coins become property of the casino, or something to that effect.Not to offend, but it's a clear indication that if you are desperate enough to comb the floor for dropped tokens, you would probably capitalize on an illegal opportunity if you had the chance.. To the casino, this makes you a liability.. Also, it's offensive to the guests who actually have the money to spend and want to enjoy themselves.
All you have to do is plug your ethernet cable or phone line into the back of your PS2 and then you have to set up an account. The older PS2s you may have to buy a disk that helping you set up an account.you don't all you have to do it get the hook up and the pung it into the phone jack and then you got internet.
either you dont have dsl or faster or the room is too full. Sometimes also, yahoo is way too crowded on their servers. It runs slow for everyone.download mozilla firezox. Internet Explorer stinks. Or just try to find a room that isn't as crowded
Cue ball is a different size.Coin-op pool tables are designed one of two ways with regard to the cue ball being returned to you: Either the cue ball is slightly larger than the other balls (which allows it to travel down a different chute), or the cue ball has a magnet embedded in it (which trips a sensor to move a gate directing the cue ball down a different chute).  It's much more common to find a coin-op table featuring an oversized cue ball than one with the "magnetic" cue ball.
Something could have hijacked your browser, do a adware and/or virus scan to see if something's not right.  Also you could click on tools, manage ad-ons and see if there's anything there that you don't recognize and disable it to see if it is your culprit.If you're searching using Google and click the "I'm Feeling Lucky" button, it will automatically take you to the page that showed up first in their results, which may not be what you're looking for...
im not sure but ur avatar looks familiarOne word JAVA!! Google it and it will give you the site to download the most recent version!
Usually just means that a cable is disconnected if all cables are connected then it is becasue the CD-DVD drive cannot read the game disc and either needs to be cleaned or replaced. Make sure you find out what kind of laser you have there are 3 types a thompson, samsung, and I think a panasonic. Get the correct one. Of you got one when it first came out you have a thompsondvd drive is bad.  you can get new drives on ebay.because there is an error in the CD drive(DVD),or there is an error in the XBOX,so let a pro check it!!!
If she cannot see you, try using this, hehehehe >:). . now its jus a matter of conscience if you want to use it or not:. . http://www.wordplays.com/fcgi-bin/scrabble.pl. . She'll never know what hit herIt's best to totally focus. You have and can win :-)
Same problem here. However, mine loads but all the text is in glyphs and therefore nothing is readable. I have tried using all my different browsers there is no difference.sometimes upgarding isn't what it's crack up to be! sorry but i got my answer to my question about spelling of "Mah jung", thanks.
Itll be slightly more powerful than the Gamecube but much less than the PS3 or 360. Also won't have Hi-def.It is impossible to tell at this point because the only even semi-solid info about the system is that it is supposed to be the size of about 3 dvd cases, and some solid info is the controller is unique.
when u want to send a picture u need just compose letter, click attash files, then browse, and pick a picture from ur documents on ur computer. then it will attaching, then its gonna show ur letter, then just click send.I just post the good ones on the net. Give friends the address.laure, I would suggest that you upload your pics directly into you photo page. you can sort them by folders giving access to each folder to different friends. it is easy. just click on photos on your yahoo page and everything is self-explanatory. for each folder, you can give access to one or more friends. your emails will not be as big than if you attach pictures to them. then whenever you add pictures to the folder, you can just remind your friend that there are new pics. easier and faster. you dont need to think if you sent that pic to a friend already.. . hope this helps.E-mail, disks, regular mail.. . For E-mail, just attach the picture files to the message.. . For disks, just save the picture files to the disk.. . For regular mail, print out the pictures or put the photos inside an envelope and send it to someone.
That happened to me too, and it is usually cause by your computers RAM being overloaded, making the game lag. Try reducing the graphics quality, resolution size, and a few other things to reduce the amount of RAM your computer is using.You need either more RAM, a faster Processor, or a better video card.. depending on the cut scene 'type' (movie, or in-game). . First thing you might want to try is to make sure that you have turned off anything running in the background that's not the game.  (like AntiVirus/Spyware programs, IM's, etc) for those will not only cut into your RAM but also your processor speed.
Yeah, I think that its only for the PC version. anyways I think that it would be unfair for other people on xbox live who dont have this feature. anyways I thik you should be able to do good without a mod.Only the Pc Version can be modified
here's the website. You'll have to download it to be able to get to the lobby.bring this to a vote
did you download it or just purchase it? try looking in your start menu and all programs if not there look in you documents folder and look under temp or temp internet filesIf you purchased it, go to your mail and there should be a registration number for you to enter in your game introduction.
They are not banned. Reread the article that you just read. They just imposed more restrictions on their clothing.There have actually been rules and restrictions on what 'booth babes' can wear on the show floor for some time now -the most recent announcement simply clarifies the rules and makes it clear that this year they intend to enforce them.. . Exactly why this should be?  A difficult question to answer, but I suspect that the industry as a whole is eager to put scandles like the 'hot coffee' incident behind them, and put forth a more inclusive image to the general public.
9. Doctor's Orders: Another relic from the Army days. A pill known as Number 9 was a laxative given out by army doctors. Nice...i dont understand your question very well. doctors orders?
history channelI would have to say googleThe National Amusement Park History Association is dedicated to the preservation and enjoyment of the amusement and theme park industry.  You may contact them for historical information on amusement parks.
I don't know how to use them in a frame but if you put them in a vase with oil they will stay. Here's a really cute smow globe with the petals. Take a clean glass jar that has a lid, you can find one in the fridge or at your local $1 store they always have decorative ones. Take the lid and glue a figure or momento of some sort. set it to the side and let it dry. Put the flowers, you may have to cut them up a bit if its a small jar, in the jar and some sparly confetti and fill with a clear oil, or you can use distilled water, and make sure that you don't fill it all the way to the top, b/c when you screw the lid on, it will make the watercome out some if its too full. Then glue the jar to lid. Here is the website I found that on. I have done may of them and they are adorable. Good Luck!if you want to use them for the frame, take a little hot glue and put a little on the frame and place a petal on it...in any design you want. you could also try decorating the actual glass of the picture frame by placing some flatted petals behind the glass right before you put in a picture.check out this link, it has anything crafty answered! . . http://www.craftster.org/forum/index.php?action=search2
Imagine It As A Phone Plug. The WLAN Switch On The Left Side Of The PSP Is Needed To Connect To The Internet Like How A Phone Connects To Another Line... If It Is Not Connected, You Can Call Somebody... If The WLAN Was Not Connected, Information Cannot Be Sent And Recieved To And From The PSPIt like an on/off switch, in oder for you to connet to the internet you have to turn the WLAN on just like a laptop.
Either they're new to the site and don't know any better, or they think their questions are so interesting that *all* of us should read them.. . I would guess that the video games section has a higher percentage of younger users, as well.I would say..TOO MUCH GAMING has fried their brains..but I won't lolI think they wana b in touch with all TYPE of people
Well, I've never tried.  But I'm sure its possible.  If it wasn't it wouldnt be because the disks are too small (They really do make disks that small), it would be because of the technology and encoding used by Nintendo to make it hard to burn games.You can't burn gamecube games beacuase the disks are too small.
with respect, they bitethe answer is chummily from zelda the windwaker.respectfully.Run away from it with your boat by pressing R2 I think. I don't think you can fight it. So just run.
glass fusing is basically melting glass together so that it becomes one piece.  requires very high heat such as a kiln.fusing glass color and small objects like glitters and things together... seems like a cool thing to know how to do...
I luv listening to music, it's very relaxing. I like reading; very time passing. I like browsing the net and chatting with my friendsI like to hunt for 5 months out of the year.  The other 7 I spend working with my hunting dog, and planting food plots.  Day before yesterday I spread 1900 lbs of fertilizer and 6200 lbs of lime.. . I also made some venison jerky and sent it to a buddy in Iraq.i enjoy sitting right here in front of this here computer it's better then sitting in front of a tv set all day...huh!About the only thing I get to do is listen to music.  I guess right now my past times would be going to wrestling matches for my son and keeping up with a 3 year old.  I would really like to get back to reading, walking, and listening to music.  Guess that will have to wait till they are older.
if the disc is scratched clean it. if not uninstall your sims game. but make sure before you install it agin, make sure you dont have the sims deluxe on your computer. but also keep in mind the sims deluxe edition might need to install the sims one first.is the cd scratced? if not uninstall it and install it again
Sometimes people can build it inside of the bottle. See ya.Some model ships are collapsible.  They are made outside of the bottle, folded up, slid into the bottle, and unfolded on the inside.  Don’t ask me how they make it collapsible, though.The bottle is made of 2-halves that are fused together after the ship is placed in between them.
I don't think you can. GTA is a really big game and there isn't a version of it you can play online.search google for mods that allow you to do so,i saw mod to play online with vice city.
Check local video stores some have"disk repair"service. I have used it before  when I bought a game used and it was scratched and would not play. Works fine now.just get a game cover from your local walmart
If you need all of them. -spoiler warning-. . Disney Castle, Alantis, Agrabah, Monstro, Neverland, Traverse Town, Wonderland, Deep jungle, Halloween town, 100 acre wood, Hollow bastion, Olympus Coliseum, end of the world, Twilight Town, Pride Lands, Space Paranoids, Port Royal, Land of the Dragons, Beast's Castle, The World That Never Was, and Timeless River ... for nowOk then there is Alantis, Agrabah, Monstro, Neverland, Traverse Town, Wonderland, Deep jungle, Halloween town, 100 acre wood, Hollow bastion, Coliseum, and end of the world.
The large pog is called a slammer. After hitting the stack of thinner pogs, any that land faceup are kept by that player.There is a large pog, I forget what it's called, and you throw it down on its side in order to knock over a stack of regular, thinner pogs.  But it's been awhile.
It's computer talk. Basically, it's a way to talk on the computer without using proper grammar.lol r u :) ;) i don't no, stuff like that.l337 sp33k?. . its for lonely peopleit's those techno term u use (eg. IP, .NET, network, LAN). if u are into IT, it's fun.
Its tradition to put a Cid in every game, usually associated with airships, to have chocobos, have some sort of moggle/moogle, etc, and actually the list can go on.... . spells, weapons, bosses, have all had similarities from time to time.. . Apart from tradition, it helps build nostaglia :)i think its a tradition, like chocobos. and the last part of each ending theme seems the same too.
The game is incredible on 360.  It is also the most addictive Xbox live game I have ever seen.HOLY COW!!! YOU ACTUALLY ASKED THIS QUESTION?!?!?!?! I OWN THE XBOX 360 VERSION. THIS GAME WAS ONE OF THE FEW GAMES WHERE IT MADE MADE PULL AN ALL NIGHTER!!!! THIS GAME ROCKS!I own the 360 version for my 360 and the graphics are awsome. Gameplay is excellent too. stay away from the tank missions. There a little slow.
5 Reasons to Choose PSP over Xbox 360. . 5. No HDTV - you don't need an HDTV to play Xbox 360 games, but the experience is so much better you won't accept anything less once you've tried it. If you're still living in a standard def world, the small screen on the PSP looks better than your television. There's always one of those TV strap-ons for your PSP to really make the games look like your 1985 VHS collection.. . 4. No Windows PC - both Windows Media Connect and Windows Media Center Extender technologies are counting on the fact you have a Windows box somewhere in your house. If you're a Mac or Linux only household, something completely disconnected from your computing universe, like the PSP, makes sense. Of course, if you're a Mac only household, you probably won't buy a PSP because it won't play your 320x240 Desperate Housewives collection and you can't easily recompile the kernel on your PSP, so Linux users are out too.. . 3. No DVDs - if your movie collection stopped with the VHS release of Back to the Future, you won't feel as bad about spending $20 for a UMD that only plays in your PSP. Xbox 360 supports DVD movies, making it a valuable replacement for both your DVD player and your previous gaming console. No need to upgrade your movie collection until the fight over HD-DVD and Blu-Ray goes the way of that other Sony proprietary format. If you like the idea of throwing away $20 for feature-length movies you'll never watch on a screen bigger than your palm, PSP is definitely the way to go.. . 2. No Home Network - If you have a Windows PC but don't have a home network, the Windows Media Connect and Windows Media Center Extender functions of Xbox 360 are useless to you anyway. You can still rip songs to the Xbox 360 hard drive and browse photos from your digital camera, but the fully connected experience is lacking. Better to get a PSP and carry around the limited number of songs and photos you can fit on a 1GB Memory Stick for that $100 you saved by purchasing a PSP instead of the Xbox 360. Of course, if you have no home network, the PSP WiFi features are also useless, so maybe an iPod video is a better option - it plays a mean game of Break Out.. . 1. No Friends - sure you can play head-to-head against friends with a PSP, but the experience is nothing like Xbox Live with a headset on talking smack as you frag your buddy in New York from the comfort of your Malibu beach house. If you don't have any friends, Xbox 360 might not look so interesting. The PSP doesn't really require any friends because the game play doesn't really feel like you're competing against other people. Then again, I hear having an Xbox 360 is a gateway to popularity with the ladies.it is notTechnically speaking it is inferior in all aspects except 1, portability.. . If you want a portable game that has nearly the power of the PS2, then get the PSP.. If you want a power 3rd gen console, then get the X BOX 360.. . In terms of speed, graphics, storage, the two cannot compete and the X Box 360 wins.becuse a xbox360 can only be played on a hp tv or it screw up your tv and xbox360The PSP isn't better. PlayStation 3 is a different story.because its portable and it can play video and audio file you can even put pics and watch tv. for more questions about psp just email me at. markanthonya.sison@gmail.comThe 360 will not mess up a non-HD TV. It can be played on a regular TV just fine.. . The 360 is superior to the PSP in every way...except portability.
When combing it, use a no tangle spray like for children as this will help her hair from  falling out.  then, you can style her hair as usual...for curls, try wetting her hair then curling it...leave it up for overnight & you should have good curls the next day.  To make curlers, you can take a pencil, chop it into 1" long pieces & wrap her hair around those.. . Have fun!sampoo, condition, comb, and hairspray?try those things that yall straighten your hair with..
The link in sources will supply you with the rules you are looking for...the end of the link is pinmain.html. . Have fun!go into yahoo games and click on pinochole.  don't choose a room, but look along the side or above the list of rooms.  there'll be something that says "How to Play".  That'll give you an overview, the rules, and some basic hints.
The machine draws up water and mixes it with the Slurpee syrup inserted inside the machine. The mixture is cooled and constantly stirred, and the water starts to crystallize. With time, this mixture becomes thicker as more of the water freezes into ice crystals.The secret is the constant movement.  The machine keeps the solution very cold, but because its constantly in motion it will not freeze solid.If you are referring to the 'toy' slurpee maker, then it involves some chemistry.  The key to the entire thing is the use of 'salt' in the mix of ice and water (not the slurpee liquid, but the 'coolant' portion).. . By adding salt to the ice and water, you lower the freezing point of the water/ice/salt mixture, and it cools the actual 'slushee' mixture at a point below freezing to turn it to slush while it is churning.. . Lowering the freezing point on the outside will melt the ice, but to the liquid on the inside, it will be cooler and slush.. . Using 'salt' to melt the ice on icy sidewalks is an example of lowering its freezing point so that it removes the ice.. . Below is a good article on why salt melts ice and its thermodynamics.
What version firmware is your PSP? If it is 2.0 or greater, you should be able to use the in-system browser. You will need a wireless router or access point to connect internet service to the PSP. Setting that up depends on your provider as well as what type of wireless solution you have set up.Cable Modem and get the Router/Bosster  Cable Modem work great you'll never get discnocted you can login when ever where ever arround the house.. . Good Luckand you also have to flip the switch on the left side of the psp up. :)
instructions vary depending on the browser you're using. fortunately, yahoo makes it easy. click the link below for the instructions for the browser you're currently using.Go to IE browser. Visit Yahoo.com web site. On Browser Click "Tools --> Options", you will see a button called "Use Current". Click it and you are all set, next time you open the browser, you will see Yahoo as home page.Go to Yahoo and click the link at the top of the page that says"Make Yahoo my home page."Yahoo will guide you from there.. If you want to know anything to do with Yahoo,first check their home page.It is usually there somewhere,whatever you want to know.At the top of your browser screen, go to TOOLS, then INTERNET OPTIONS. And change your home page address.On you internet icon - RIGHT CLICK - PROPERTIES - and then change your current homepage to www.yahoo.com - APPLY and there you have it.
You have to jump on him when he is not in his shell, it takes 3 hits to defeat him.  Or you can us the flower to shoot him to death.Jump on him.
if u download it illegaly from a website, that by the way isnt gonna show up on google or other similiar websites, and then you need a key decoder program that automatically detects the key that would normally be on the case of the game if you were to buy it. and then it should work after that. and if your really good, you can hack into the game change the game, but that takes way to long to explain so i wont.I don't think you can.  If you have any of the expansion packs installed all you need is the cd of the most current expansion (they are not backward compatable; if you have nightlife installed you cannot run the game with the university disk).  If you have a lost or damaged cd contact EA games customer service.  They will provide you with a replacement disk for around $10 (you'll have to have previously registered your copy for this to work).you might be able to DL load it from one of the many peer to peer DL sites taht are out there, just be carefull of virusesalthough its illegal if you don't possess the game, you can find a no-cd key on www.gamecopyworld.comuuuuh...u cant!. the cd, is what has the game on it!. y did u loose it or do u just dont have it?
HA I have a 16 yr old son and if his pc broke and no socom he would die. and i not jokin either he is part of the game he has downloaded and burned his brain into the cd and lock the cd and i dont know how to unzip him from it someone help me my son thinks he lives in the pc and earth is the gamedon't knowI do you should actully watch them play its like your there and then they die and they get sooooo mad!!!!!!!!!!!!
you may need to download java once again. same thing happened to me.go to sun javalike the guy who answered before me you might have to download java again which you can do at java.com and you might also have to download shockwave and flash again which you can do at the followinf links.. http://macromedia.com/shockwave/download/?promoid=BIOY. http://macromedia.com/shockwave/download/download.cgi?P1_Prod_Version=ShockwaveFlash&promoid=BIOX
If you have a hardware firewall (such as Linksys router), go into the setup "192.168.1.1" in the address bar and enter admin for user and admin for password, go to 'security' and place your local computer into the DMZ, this will also raise your risk of attack.  If it's a firewall in your software, when it says there is an attempt to connect to or from your computer select 'allow'.You could always disconnect and/or turn off your firewall.. . You're not on a school network, are you? If so, you're going to have a real tough time getting through. Ah...good times, good times!
In Barrie's original novel, his first name is James, but I do not recall whether any previous last name is given. The novel "Capt. Hook: The Adventures of a Notorious Youth" by J.V. Hart tells about Hook's early years, when he is known as James Matthew.Captain StubCaptain Hand
If you're referring to PS2 games on a PC, try an emulator, but emulators on the PC are not perfected as of now.you can only play computer games on the computer, you cannot put your PS2 disk into your CDrom drive. You would have to buy the game specifically for PC. If you are meaning how do you play online, I think you have to have a router of some sort that your PS2 can recieve the signal from. At least thats how it is for Xbox.
Some are glued on, some are threaded. Use a utility knife to cut one off. Use a pair of pliers to grip and unscrew the threaded type.normally just twist it around and pull up at the same time but some times u have to split it with a razor if the tip has been on there a long time
try the link below. i've found it's the easiest way. there are faster ways but this might be a good place to start.. . hope it helps!Some helpful sites that explain the solution in detail with clear diagrams:. . http://jjorg.chem.unc.edu/personal/monroe/cube/rubik.html. http://jeays.net/rubiks.htm. http://www.ws.binghamton.edu/fridrich/cube.htmlMy son took his apart and put it back together correctly. I think I'd call that cheating. But he did solve the problempeel the stickers off and put them back on in order lol
gamble with everything you have... . when you lost everything you don't have anything to gamble... . nobody will allow you to gamble...if you have to ask you are beyond help, you have to bottom out first, then hope there is someone left to help pick up the pieces, then it gets easier from there, i would like to wish you good luck, but that seems so inappropriate. so i will leave it at that1) You must want to change.. 2) See your doctor for a referral an expert in helping addicted gamblers.Do not gambleif u wanna stop gambling u have to learn to cotrol urself.try never to go towards gamble. stay away from all those stuff. if cant, u can even have a gf or engage urself in somother thing. keep ur mind away andthink for ur deplorable future if u gamble. i guess that would do. trust urself and just chill.well, its easy buddy: either you gamble with all the omney you have in life, think of it as a bad habbit, or just start to believe that it is no longer profitableIf your addicted, you could try to enroll yourself in gamblers anonymous.
42 minutes ago he ask What's mean to you? 27 minutes ago he ask, Whats love mean to you? I think he just found out he left the word love out of his first question.i'm sorry but this makes no sence at ALL. but if u asked a question that make sence, i could help u. now ask a better question and i'll help. now goodbye!People picking on others, calling them names, hitting, ect.WTF? that made absolutely no sense
Sell your newer PC and use the money to buy an older model off ebay.Use virtualPC and install the required Operating system on your virtual PC. I do that with magic:the gathering.Armeggedon games make alot of old games for new PC.. Might not be legal, use your own judgement
quake 3 cause I will own any one in that game!!!!!!World of Warcraft. I like it becouse its brand new look of fantasy games. Everything is realistic, finaly i can move my hero wherever I want, do what I want, make friends, kill bad guys and win princess (not really but new gear...). Its not perfect but best fantasy mmorpg game nowadays. Many girlz like it so u can try. http://www.wow-europe.com/en/I enjoy all word games.  My favorites are Yahoo Literati and Hoyle Double Cross.  In word games you almost always learn a new word.Neopets :D. Too complex to describe. Not a shooting, killing madness though.America's Army!! wahaha.. i love that game!!Star Wars Galaxies.  Being able to have a Star Wars character in a persistent universe is insanely fun.  They changed the game radically several times, for better or worse, but at least the developers are very actively trying to make the game great.Maple Story cuz it's an awesum FREE 2d mmorpg... and i lub rpg's, you should play it, http://www.mapleglobal.com. . :D. . PS if u decide to dl it, contact meh >_>I'm from the Philippines and my favorite online game is Gunbound Philippines. It's a multiplayer game just like counter strike but it's in 2D and the shots are alternate. In this game, you can also change your character's looks by changing their avatars.
Find a publication where you'd like to submit your pattern, then find out what their submission guidelines are. From there, it's a matter of submitting and having a pattern accepted. There are a number of online and periodicals that you might consider, some of which are listed in the sources below.Annie's Crafts and Things - both online and magazine - also does monthly kits - based out of Texas - been there - good resource for starting
Like the others said, buy a network adapter or one of the slimline PS2's you have to have broadband internet and then you simply plug the ethernet cable into the network adapter, and configure your network settings from the PS2's main menu.  Contact your internet service provider if you don't know the settings required.You need to buy a "network adaptor". You should be able to find it in the PS2 section of any major store.. . Unless you have the newer "slim" PSTWO, I think that has the network adaptor built in.For the older PS2, you need to buy a "network adaptor," which attaches to the back of your PS2. The network adaptor should be easily accessible at any PS2 carrier.. . But if you have the new "slim" PS2, a network adaptor is built in and PS2 Online is free so you just connect your PS2 to the internet and GAME ON!
Try making another account.You can save several that you like in your favorites (on the avatar-changing page). Then when you want to change, you don't have to look thru all the clothes etc....
just make a sub acount or creat a new hot mail or a yahoo email there are many waysJust make a new account. If he is younger than 18, it will ask parents e-mail. I made my 4year old an e-mail.Howold is he?. you can say he is 21. thatz how most people get on . think about it, thats what younger kids do to get one. its ok if you do it know big deal or anything. OR YOU CAN JUST MAKE HIM AN  ACOUNT. AND LET HIM USE YO EMAIL ADRESS
I love to play the sims 2 to just gonna around asking for help in the game try not to make out with that one girlThe best thing to do is build up your Sims' daily relationships with the members before applying to the actual house.  That way, whenever they come to meet your Sim, you will already know them well enough to be accepted.  If you lack a few DR points, pause the game, and then have your sim tell several jokes to the Greek member in question.  If you live in a dormitory, you can go to Build Mode to see where those sneaky Greek members are hiding when they run off into an unknown room!once you find them build up your relationship then find what you have to do join. in the right hand corner it will tell you what percent you have to do. don't waste time you only have a couple of minutes to do it in.
About $400I doubt it will be starting at 275, try 400-500. The PS3 will use blu-ray discs, where the PS2 used standard DVD-9 format. The PS3 will supposedly have a redesigned controller.bigger processor more processors. its 600 dollars. new blu-ray technology. come on do u really have to ask that questionthere's wireless controllers on the ps3, the ps3 plays blu-ray discs (new fancy movie and game discs), and the ps2 has none of that lol.they say that the ps3 is going to have more entertainment, better graphics, and the starting price is around $275.00
There are special markers sold at craft stores for this specific purpose.  Zig is one reputable brand and the name of the markers are Photo Twin.  You can tint any black and white photos easily by  coloring them with the brush-tip markers.  Good luck.are you talking about digitaly?. if so do you have any photo editing software?
Reading because you can read for pleasure or read to learn something new. You can read novels, magazines, newspapers, short stories,essays, ect.Belly dancing - I have loved dancing forever, it has always been a source of self-expression and emotional release.. . And belly-dancing lets me play with all sorts of sparkly stuff!Stamp collecting,  because not only have I been able to learn a lot from the stamps,  it is something that I can share with family and friends.  I also belong to a local club, and I meet lots of new people all of the time that share the same hobby.. Also counted cross stich,  because it is  something that my daughter and I can do together,  and just sit and relax and have some quiet time.Quilting, because it is relaxing & suprisingly addicting, and quilts make great decorations and gifts.. . She who dies with the most fabric wins!!!reading and collecting music boxes!scrapbooking, cross-stitching, painting ceramics, collecting Absolut Vodka Ads (and related items), thrift store shopping...wow, didn't realize I had that many hobbies.Dancing.  There is always a form that helps me express my feelings.  It helps lift my spirits or relax me.online gaming. cause it's fun.Photography, then printing them out, and giving some away.  I love to capture the moment.
Time and patience. You just keep moving the squares up/down or across, until you've solved it.You mean a Rubik's Cube? I have no clue, but the site below can tell you how. It has pictures and diagrams to help you
They're in the forests later in the game. Getting one is part of the story.Check various chocobo forest... and just chase him down.
sorry i dont understand bxr? if you can elaborate than i might be able to helpHey man! i too have x-box(Halo-2) and even i wanted to know the same thing.If u get to know just tell me at rovenz_rational@yahoo.com
Stupid,it's his business whether he wants to mod his games or not.Here.www.halomods.comif you mod in a halo 2 you are a completely worthless human being who is obviously sad and lonely. Also, its a quick way to get your account banned permanently. hate to be so harsh but i hate modders, nobody likes them-not even other modders.
Take the stickers off and put them back in the right order.. . Actually, there is a better way listed in the link below (sorry, it's way to long to post).This site shows how.I used to have a book that had an easy way of doing it. I would go around solving people's cubes lol. Maybe amazon.com would have something.http://www.geocities.com/jasmine_ellen/RubiksCubeSolution.html is the easiest solution to start.  You can be under a minute easily with just this,  and can build to Fridrich without dumping anything you've learned.
Few things in life are free... There are many PC chess games out there, try local discount houses, Wallmarts, Target, etc. Many of the better chess games came out some time ago in the $25 to $50 range and can be found now for as little as $4.95. Learn to play off line against your computer. The "games" all have learning courses built in.Easy. Go to yahoo games and try find a chess teacher, some of the people there are friendly, but some f them are jerk. I find my own teacher there and he did teach me a lot of thing about chess.
Try your local "big-box" store such as target or wal-mart.You can always get an inexpensive used one on ebay. But, heck ... it is only about $12 new, anyway ...http://www.games.com/playgames/bogglewe bought a disk to play on pc at walmart... you can buy the game their also....try walmart or a toys r us
soft music, gentle lighting, maybe a lil button rubbing...when you hit the button with the big "X" on it there is a button that has ">>>" push that to.theres a swith in the senter press that.press the X buttion in the mittle and hold it down for like 3sec. . have a good timeOMFG madshad665 that is sooo funny!. . Lol I'm gonna pee myself holy hell..you have to plug it in to the thing!!!!!!press the X in the middle of the controller. i cant belive you got a 360, luckytry burning it...i hate 360 >>;
Try hitting "E".  . Or use the gravity gun.. :-)walking over them alway helps.
Well, if you ask me my dreamjob is playing video games all day and getting paid for it.  Don't let go of your childhood.  It is great that you still know how to have fun!You can never really stop admiring any game character because there are moment's from any game that will stay with you forever!Sonic ROX!!!!. . . x/catalyst, age 29.That depends ... you're not seeing Sonic in lingerie are you?197I have played sonic games for most of my life and i think that there is no time at all when i will think it is a waste.I'd have to agree with these guys...never let go of things you love.Never!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Never, that is one of my favorite characters of all time. Sonic the Hedgehog 2 is a classic game as well, always will love it.7you can never be too old to enjoy sonic-best ones were sonic 2 and 3 with sonic and knucklessonic is a classic even though it was made in 1990 or 1991 sonic or the "blue blur" is kinda old he will never be forgotten. is that touching?you never should have started
RuneScape is an MMORPG (massive multiplayer online role-playing computer game) implemented in Java, with over 2.8 million registered players. RuneScape was launched by Jagex Ltd. on January 4, 2001 and offers both pay to play ("P2P") and free to play ("F2P") membership options to players..  . The Runescape website's homepageRunescape allows players to develop many different non-combat skills ranging from runecrafting and mining to cooking and crafting. The large range of non-combat skills means that Runescape has an expansive, dynamic player economy."massively multi-player online adventure game."
Stop it. Just stop.I is a sad story. The only way to get a aurora ticket was through a nintendo giveaway called Pokemon Rocks. It over now, but there will be another giveaway called Journey Across America. Maybe it will be downloadable again there.
We'll Find Out Around May When E3 (electronic entertainment expo) Will Be Here, And Who Knows, They Might Drop Little Stuff Here And There Like How They Just Showed The DS Lite And Web/TV For It... . But To Me, well, I Don't Know.. Nintendo Will Pull An Unexpected Feature On Us Soon.. The Remote Control Was Totally Unexpected, Everyone Thought Gloves And Head Visors, But We Got A Motion Sensing Remote Instead... It's Going To Be Something Totally Different, I Can Promise You That..idk but thers romers of V.R. galses/ helmet wich wold be really kool and wold put nintendo at the leading spot in gameing i think if any one hears some offshal info on this post it pleseIf people knew the secret, it wouldn't be a secret.it's gonna have a remote control as a controller. but that's not really a secret, everyone knew that.The main thing about the revolution is that you will be able to download all of the games nintendo has made for all the previos systems.
It could be caused by incompatibility of your Hardware devicesI had same problem last month. And solution was: 1 of my RAM memory modules was bad. Other programs, not games, runs good but games not. Try to find some memory checker program, but those who runs from flopy becouse they cant check memory adresses which Win used for work.you most likely need to upgrade the ram and/or graphics card.  . . Check the specifications for the games that crash to make sure your computer meets the minimum requirements to run them.IT MIGHT TAKE UP TOO MUCH MEMORYFirst, Check the Specifications for the games, which is usually located on the box. If you have achieved the minimum or over the minimum specs, then go to google and check for patches for the games that you have.
EBAY, but you should get them appraised at your local hobby sports card shop. Or go buy a magazine that has the value of the cards.I totally agree. eBay. I have bought and sold many sports cards there.
It is by process of elimination my friend, you systematically remove the wrong answers and what is left must be the truth.  Either this or it is a modern day version of the Oracle of Delphi, you take your pick.20 yes/no questions yields 2^20 things or 1,048,576 things. Given that the range things people will actually think of when "thinking of things" is much smaller than 1 million things, the likelihood that it could get something "right" is pretty high.lucky guess. Try thinking of water.Its just wicked like that!. It really is weird though Its like it reads your mind.. we love the little thing.It talkes to the voices in my head.
Why would you want to make friends with someone who ignores you? Live your life happily and let them live theirs. Friendship is mutual and yes someone does have to take the initiative and extend the hand of friendship but it's a two-way street from thereon.stop talking to themDon't make friends with them period. Ignore them too. Unless you are a Christian who wants to witness to them. In that case just witness & don't worry about anything else. & Pray for guidance as you speak.show them what you've got... as simple as that!!!!!!!!!!!
You work on the various skills, such as mechanical, charisma, etc. Plus you may need to have a certain number of friends. Click on the career icon to see what skills are required for your next promotion.. . You also need to not miss work, and you need to be in a good mood when you leave for work.You need to get the skills up that they say you need. Also, you should send your Sim to work happy, and they will get it quicker.it should tell you if you click on the job.  Usually you have to have a certain amount of skill points and a certain amount of friends.you have to have the right amount of job skills and the right amount of friends
GOD JUST EAT HIM THEN THROW HIM UP INSIDE A GIANT BALOON     DUHHHHHHHHHHHHHYou are going to have some problums with that and you have to make sure that it is a small bear if that what you are trying to do.A big balloon and a small teddy bear. Try to make it as small as possible. Then open the mouth of the balloon as far as it will, and slide the bear in. That's the best that I've got. hope this helpsEr, a bear inside a balloon? How do you expect that to happen? Isn't that against animal rights?. . OK If you're talking about stuffed animals, you can still do it. Wet the stuffed toy in water and shrink it as much as you can. After that, open the mouth of the balloon and push the bear in. You can do it then.some craft and party stores sell kits that help you do this, if not, the party stores should be able to do it for you. another option is to just buy one that is already in a balloon. they're pretty easy to find around easter time.
because it is a fun game.. . PS. It contains no guns, and is not a shooting game, unlike the name sounds. As a matter of fact, a lot of girls like the game because the graphics are "cute".what the hell do u mean
Follow the guy with the most chips they normally are riding a hot streak try following them. They seem to have the luck and u can ride their win streak too!Always bet on the banker.  The house advantage for banker bets is slightly smaller than for player bets.  Avoid betting on the tie.
articuno,moltres, & zapdos aren't in emarald you have to. trade from fire red or leaf green to emarald. good lucktrade tham in from Fire-red or Leef-green
Check out the following link, Hugo 1 and 2 are on it. I assume you're talking about the old adventure games - Hugo's House of Horrors, and Hugo II: Who Dunnit?The answer above is correct.  Choose Darrius best answer.
They should be self-sufficient.  I pay weekly for my daughter to go to cheerleading practice and a hefty sum for her to go to competitions.  If they need outside help, something is not right.Check with your state what the requirements are. Booster clubs are a great way for the parents to help support the squad and be more involved. Gives you better organized fundraisers as well. Please answer my question about competitive squads.
American Express.... . Please check my website: www.freewebs.com/joshuat2010Games in cardrooms are not 'banked' by the house, but rather by players and/or independent corporations.  The house usually then charges a commission on each game/hand to cover the costs of operation and (hopefully) turn themselves a profit.  Naturally this is an evolution of 'poker rooms' where each pot is 'raked' for a few percent- other games of chance in these cardrooms are often based on vegas style games, but are modified to give the other players an option to be 'banker', and to make them just different enough to escape legislation specifically prohibiting games like '21'.
There is a website that explains how to do this. Good luck!Ok this sounds like more a problem then it is worth. Go here http://www.fiber-images.com/Free_Things/How_Tos/how-to_convert_knit_crochet.htm and see if you you want to do all that work. I think the best thing to do is teach yourself how to crochet. I do both, and believe me crochet is alot easy then knitting. You can get a kit at Wal-Mart or any craft store to teach yourself how to crochet, and also there is alot of free learn to crochet suff on the net.Here's some sites to help you, but as an exerienced knitter and crocheter, I have to say, I just look at the picture of the project and figure it out by sight. It seems like that would be easier.
its on a different game consoleOne is the PS2 version, the other is the PSP version. Basically the PSP version is just a port of the PS2 version minus a few featurs/settings. The game isn't as in depth, but overall the are very much the same.
shareware is software that you can use for a certain amount of time and then you need to buy it in order to keep using it. free games are just like it's name: free forever.Free games are just that, completely free. Once you download you can enjoy it forever without having to pay anything.  Shareware, though usually 'free' requires you to eventually pay to get full functionality (this is called registering).  An unregistered shareware game might have missing levels, or may only let you get to a certain point before stopping the game and requiring you to pay in order to finish it.
Well if you are using snow,just lay on you back in it and move your arms from your sides to the top of you head and open and close you legs a few times...to make snow angels!!!!if u no how 2 draw a bazik body shape, it would be easy... Use blurring 2 make it seem surreal. wings r gud 2, and detais so dat anyone can tell it is an angelI can teach you to draw skulls... 2 ovals horizontally. then 1 smaller oval vertically. make 2 round circles between the first 2 circles, a triangle (point up) under that and on the small oval make a line through the middle horizontally. draw a couple vertical lines on that. =DBE A TRUE AND LOVING ONE..ANGELS WILL FOLLOW YOU..YOU NEED NOT TO DRAW THEM.imagin and draw your mom's face when she is smiling u ;), the steps are their deep smile. seems thay would like to solve all your problems..
On The Main Menu, Select 'Options' Then 'Edit' And There's An Option For 'Emblem', Click That... . To Paint A New One, Or Fix You Current Emblem, Click 'Paint', Which Will Give You Painting Options Similar To Microsoft Paint On A (about) 32x32 Pallet..i like to take simple objects and then draw them on it-like the bmw logo
Emulators are software the "emulate" or copy how a console system work.  You can google or yahoo search for Playstation Emulators and it should provide you with links on where some can be downloaded.  Also those sites will list legal warnings in owning emulators and game images.hi there, emulator is a software wich can make ur pc compatible with the playstation. so there's no need to buy a PS2. just install the emulator software and put in the playstation cd, u can easily play these games. if u want more details about the specific software then go to www.epsxe.com, u can also download the software from it. hope u r satisfied with my answerI do not think there is a PS2 emulator that is working and fast yet.  There is a good PS emulator called Bleem! that is commerical and works flawlessly.  I used to play my PS games on it back in the day.  There might be some independent party PS emulators now, but www.bleem.com was the best for what it was.
8 Ball: 15 balls, 1 person has to get the Solid balls in the other has to get the striped balls in. . 9 Ball: Nine balls numbered 1-9 and you have to shot them in numerical order8 ball uses all the balls and you have to hit only your balls in. 9 ball is a different game. You only use balls 1-9 and set them up in a diamond shape. Then you hit the balls in, in order from 1 to 9.In 8 ball, each team tries to pocket either stripes or solids and then the eight ball.  In 9 ball, both teams try to pocket the balls in order from 1-9.
Serial number is a serial of number that used to ensure that you're using a original copy.. So, serial number of condition zero is a serial number that belong to "condition zero" only.. Usually, they're printed at the bottom of disc's package back cover.It is illegal to get a serial number if you're not given one, but if you're desperate then search at www.mscracks.com
Actually, they're all drug addicts who are suffering the ill-effects of a new drug epidemic. You'll also notice that they don't just attack you. They also attack each other. Finding out how the drug effects them is all part of the unfolding plot within the game.well, the ai in the game is programmed to attack your character. there is a reason. because there all zombies, i guess.Due to jealousy I guess. Some people are attached to a certain console game and once a competition arises, they get nasty like rabid gorillas, hehehe! I'm kidding.. . My brother has just about every different console games. One time I went online to play a game and just because I chose to use "HALO" as a username, I was bugged and ticked off by a couple or three rude and mindless people who dislike the game for some unknown reason. They even had the nerve to tell me to not ever play that game! My foot! They have no right telling me what games I should and should not play if I didn't ask for their opinion!. . If it was about the online game then I wouldn't play it either because my cousin said that there are people chatting  on those ear phones and talking trash a heck of a lot and racists insults. Whoa! Even kids too! Where are the parents of those kids? Some supervision.
It helps if you know how tall the person is.  You can make one that fits yourself, only with the chest measurement, unless you think it will be too short.. . Or make it fairly long, out of a fabric that can be cut to size without hem, such as washable suede or fleece.Hey, just bringing this old question up for a vote
In poker, the dead man's hand is a two-pair hand, namely "aces over eights." The origin of the name is the five-card-draw hand held by Wild Bill Hickok at the time of his murder, which is accepted to have included the aces and eights of both of the black suits (sometimes considered "bullets").For the person who ansered with ??????. Hickok was shot in the back at Saloon no. 10 in Deadwood South Sakota while playing poker and the hand he had when shot is referred to as the Dead Man's Hand.  Some people see the hand as bad luck and some also believe this episode is why many males prefer to sit facing entryways and doors while at restaurants.  (normally 60-70% of men do this)?????
There was story about kid who catch his Blizz programer father in cheating of his mother. Then he wanted a brend new class for him. And everything what kid wanted poor programmer was pushed to allow or "MOOOOOM! Come here...."It's fine, learn 2 play..  . Seriously, they aren't. The thing is, they have a lot of ways to beat cloth wears. They do high damage and can interupt casting easily. There was a time when they were the only "completed" class, but Blizzard has fixed it. Now, they beat a lot of classes, but have trouble with a lot. My shaman has a rough time against warriors and hunters.
In a live poker game, the cards not in play (either discarded by players who fold, or burn cards removed by the dealer) are placed into a pile near the dealer.  This pile is called a muck.  When you muck your cards online, you are placing them into the virtual muck pile without showing them.It means to fold your hand without showing your cards.it means you lost the hand and didnt have to show ityou lost the hand and you throw the cards away without showing your cards to anybody.It means get up from the table, and go cry cause you just lost your money. They substitute muck for the other word *!*!YOU lost....... if you don't want to show your cards then you can MUCK, which is to throw them away
Yahoo! error 999 means you have exceeded your bandwidth limit on the Yahoo! website. You will have to wait and try again later.Error 999 Yahoo mail. This error is caused when Yahoo bans your IP address. FIX:.. Wait a few days and check your mail again
A circular needle is used just like regular knitting needles.  You use the suggested gauge to begin with, and knit a piece, then make adjustments as necessary, a larger or smaller needle.. . For me it used to be trial and error, although I am fairly good at judging now.The needle size determines the gauge.  Just knit a swatch.
if you've got a bad hand then fold, don't keep putting chips in hoping that the others will fold because that is a fast way to losing. When you have a good hand raise the maximum allowed each time. You can also try stealing other peoples chips when they're not looking.win
Simple,  use an emulator. PCSX2 is the only one thats currently working though its extremely slow, it runs less than 10FPS!!! You would need a PS2 bios but its illegal to download it, so you must dump it from your own PS2!Buy a PS2, hook it up through a video input, it'll at least be on your monitor.there is no way u can play ps2 games on ur pc...thats illegal..Do what dcomputerman said, but then go to the store and buy a special controller that works with ps2 and pc and the instuction manual in both should tell you how. If that doesn't work, Google it.
Start up the system with no disk inserted. You will get a status screen that will allow you to select a memory card option. Once in the memory card menu you can select individual files and delete them.Do what the first guy said. REMEMBER: This doesn't have to be done on a PS1. It can be done on PS2.
you could call 1-800 rent - a - friend. . I hear they have good rates.at school, work, neighborhood....and u have to be sociable!!I've always heard to have a friend is to be a friendAct yourself don't try to act like other people and soon people will eventually like you . . but I will be your friendThe number 1 way to get great friends is to walk up to them and say. Hi. from there just be yourself.UM FOR ONE U CANT BE A SQUARE AND ASK STUPID QUESTIONS LIKE THAT. AND FOR TWO... JUST DONT ASK QUESTIONS LIKE THAT......PLEASE
Go to this website to find out: http://www.bestbuy.com/site/olspage.jsp?skuId=7043503&type=product&id=1099396975793The skip doctor at bust buy is the shiat.  29.95My husband uses toothpaste.  It's a gentle abrasive, so it will buff out scratches.toothpast or penutbuter(make sure it is creamy not crunchy)I've heard that if you freeze it, that will help.So far yet I have not found a good cure.
just hang out with someone you like...ask them a question to start a conversation.  or maybe just wait for someone to feel sorry for you. lolbe a friend ,,,you got to love in order to recieveBe frank and still polite to others, they all will be your friends from now.
What a coincidence!  My Nephew's Boy Scout Troop just had a tournament and training class for Yo-Yo, so I know the answer.. . You need lots of practice, and someone to actually show you how, because it's not possible to explain in words.  It's a physical demonstration.Hey, just bringing this old question up for a vote
if u can see if u can get everyone to sign up on yahoo that way everyone will have an easy time looking at what people have. i think that is the best. if not u can always do the traditional way of having everyone fill it out.Veeeeeeeeeery carefully.  It's usually illegal.. . But, assuming it's not illegal where you are, you have to wait for the brackets to come out.  Once they do, you're good to go.
It really depends on what you are looking for. I am playing Monster Hunter right now and it is one of the most enjoyable MMO's i have played.  There is a ton of character & weapon customization and creation and the online players are cool.  Plus its free to play online.I think Lineage 2 is good game....
They used pliers and long instruments.  There are also fakes in wich case, the botle is mad in two parts, you build the boat outside and then complete the botle.they build it before and mould the bottle around itVERY CAREFULLY:)
I would suggest finding a chord chart, and practice, practice, practice.  You may also want to find someone to give you lessons.  I have played for many years, but I didn't take lessons so my abilities are elementary.  Good Luck!it's difficult... specially if you have a fender or les paul type giutar.... i find it easier to play chords on semihollows, but that's just a personal preference.
besides going to toysrus, have you thought of looking up toysrus.com and see if you can buy one online?WELL. YA NEED TO GO TO TOYS R US AND ASK SUM1 THERE~~ THATS THE SMART THING TO DOGo to McDonalds!  Just kidding.  You have to go to a Toys R Us store.
I haven't played Yahoo's Hold'em game very much. But if you can't make tables with bigger antes, you might just have to play a lot.I hate to bad-mouth Yahoo, but their holdem games are junk. It's much better to play actual poker sites. All poker sites offer free games, and freerolls (free tournaments where you can win real money). I play on fulltiltpoker.com. They offer games at all different stakes. The graphics are better, you can learn to play other games, like Omaha, 7-card stud and razz, you can watch the pros play, and sometimes you can even play with the pros in freerolls. Chris 'Jesus' Ferguson played a freeroll a few nights ago.. If you decide to download the software, when you register make sure to use the bonus code: jeremy. . Thanks, and good luck!
Winning number is drawn first, then tickets are sold randomly until someone buys the winning ticket.. . Usually used in 50/50 raffles.  The longer it goes, the higher the payout.last ticket pulled wins
get a new account!!! that is what i didMake a new character.. . Welcome to RuneScape, or MMORPG's for that matter.  Everyone is selfish.  Every man (or boy) is for himself.. . Your odds of being scammed 1million gp is exponentially higher than you being given something (anything for that matter) for free.. . The best I can do is give you some FAQs'. . GameFAQs will cover your beginner-advanced trade skills and combat skills.  (trade skills are how you make money in RuneScape).. . http://www.gamefaqs.com/computer/online/game/562728.htmlsend a ban appeal i had a lvl 100 named joeisapastry on that game and i got banned but i got hacked right before so i never sent a ban appeal   it depends on what you did need more detailsif they banned you, then you will be unable to logon to any account from that internet connection-they know where you connect to the internet.  what you need to do is appeal to them, explaining why you were banned and why you feel that your ban should be appealed.
Check out your library.  Was in my local library yesterday and enjoyed a whole book on pre-war black forest chine - primarily enjoyed because I'd never heard of it before - quite beautiful.Try asking someone at a local Antique store....calling or stopping by.
1.) "Why ARE..." Is what you mean. and 2.) Theyre just insanely cute and some people think insanely cute things are evil.They give seizures (sp) and that. #1 Why do you care?. #2 What does it matter?. #3 Why can't you put a complete sentence together?because he makes weird unmamal like sounds. which sound verry deviant and demonicYou really want to know?? It's because the Pokemon rap, "gotta catch em all" is "I love satan" backwards. You can go to the site in the sources box to hear clips forwards and backwards. Is that proof enough?u guys still like pokemon lol. i use to collect 6 yrs ago when they first came outbecuase they give asian kids seizuresNot all of them are, just Psyduck. He looks all innocent and retarded, but those googly eyes!!! I'm telling you, that's one possessed Duck!. You've gotta approach them with at least a gallon of holy water. Nothing less.
There are several patterns available. Check the web sites for yarn ie. lionbrand.com, coats&clark.com or caron.com.  patonsyarn.com.  That's the ones I remember, most of them have free patterns and instructions. Good Luckthe website below has tons of free hat patterns. if you want something completely different, I would recommend checking out the kitty hat! (the second website below)
kill himHold down the CTRL SHIFT C buttons down at the same time, type MOVE_OBJECTS ON into the cheat code box, press ENTER. This will allow you to delete the sad clown.
I'm a writer, actor, carpenter, and locksmith. I love Cartoon Network, I never change the channel. I like RPG's, especially all things Final Fantasy, and violent games, GTA, shooting games, war games, and spy games.I love to paint, read, listen to 80s music and play video games. I love anything Anime. Mostly Spaceketeers, and Starblazers. My favorite video games are the nonviolent types such as Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon series.Hobbie: Reading, and video games. Cartoons?: Of course, I'm so addicted to anime. Games: RPG's all the way. Classics are my personal fav. FF2 FF3 Breath of Fire 1 and 2 Chrono Trigger Secret of Mana Ect.. . Oh yea and Earth Bound
Freeze out refers to a tournament in which there is a limit to the number of entries that will be accepted, usually first come first served.  A typical freeze out game is also structured with zero rebuys, which means that once you're out of chips, you're eliminated.  These games are designed to get people into the poker room, and are less common these days with the increasing popularity of poker world wide.  In Las Vegas, most freeze out games are scheduled in the morning hours, have a very affordable buy in, and are a terrific way to get involved in tournament poker!A freeze-out tournament is what most people think of as a "regular tournament." It refers to the fact that you can enter the tournament only once with no option to add-on or re-buy. Once you lose all your chips, you are out.. . In a re-buy tournament, you can often buy into the tournament multiple times up until a certain time. Rules differ from tournament to tournament, but many online tournaments allow you to re-buy whenever you have anywhere from zero chips up to the starting stack amount until the first break (one hour into the tournament). Some re-buy tournaments also have add-ons which are an optional purchase at the break for more chips.. . A shoot-out tournament is a winner-take-all tournament, where the first place finisher gets the whole prize pool.freezeout.  one price to do it all, no rebuys or add-ons allowed.
they fight gondos its complicated. just go buy it if you have a ps2 or gamecube. if you have both and you have a choice buy it for gamecube(better graphics). fun game!!!don't worry about fighting zombies in this one.  this game is probably the best in the series.  the bad guys in this game are kind of like zombies but there is more to it than meets the eye i won't tell you what really happens but it is really a good game and worth a look at.RE4 is SWEET! If you liked any of the other games you'll like this one even more.
Me and my friend still play mario kart 64 and still reset the score from time to time. I really couldn't say why other than getting a fresh start.beat them
i have played for almost 20 years, its easy to get started. find a hobby game store of popular book store and ask them if the can get you the players handbook to get you started.thats a good question,i want to learn how to play.I agree with graxx. Find your nearest gaming/hobby store and ask them for a DnD players handbook and the DM guide. Those 2 books will set you out on your way on a world filled with fun and excitement.
first off... women do not have alien babies.. men do.. and to get this to happen you need to stargaze with the telescope  at nite.  it is very rare to get an alien baby,  i suggest you use a hack, if you can and if you really want an alien baby.  try the insimenator.net for the insimenator.  i suggest the dest version, it works with whatever you have.your wife had an alienyour spouse must be an alien.. there is a secret way to call the UFO land on ur neighbourhood
A Homebrew In Terms Of The PSP Are Games Made By Individual (rather than big conglomerate companies/developers) Programmers For A Hobby.. . These Homebrew For The PSP Are Basically Little Games/Applications Made For The PSP NOT Made Or Authorized By Sony/Playstation And Made By Individuals For Fun... . However, These Homebrew Can Only Seem To Work On Earlier PSP Versions (v2.00 and lower), Which Can Be Done With Downgraders (unofficial, of course) Or Hacking With A Copy Of Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Stories..psp=play station personal,home=ur residential building,brew = something to eat. . ur residential building equipped wiyth sometyhing to eat n a play station . . . wellhomebrew applications are basicallyy like emulators. emulators are another way to play certain other videogame platforms such as nes, super nes, gameboy, game gear, N64
design flaw thats what happened. they didnt look that great any way...i heard becouce they still didnt have a way to track the on line connection people make and prediters were meeting kids off it so untill they could figure out the solution they pulled them hmm i could be part wrong i saw a thing on so maybe im part right lolthey are soldout but i hope you find oneDidn't know they were off the market. As far as I knew they were still selling them but it's very hard to get your hands on one.The system ran too fast and it had problems with overheating and would shut down, this only happened to the people that played for days at a time.
A microphone plugs into a PS2 using a USB connection. Then you just speak or sing into it. :-D. The USB is on the front on the older PS2's.ask your gradmathe manual for each online game explains the controls for the mic. For ex. Mortal kombat deception- in the chat room you have to press square to talk. Which game are you trying to play online? Email me at shylo0124@yahoo.com
jUST KEEP attacking him and throwing him off the stage til he dies ( i reccomend link, fox, or capt. falcon for thier rapid punches)Hit and run. Just move fast until you get his health way up. It is tough.get behind him and just keep hitting him until he turns around then repeat he will die eventually
I have one and i play it like for 5 hours a day and when it over heats nothing happens, i think the only down fall of the ps2 slim is that when i had the other one i used to put games ontop , and now i cant because when you open it it rises. in the reg ps2 it was bigger and if you noticed there was like alot of little vents and alot of dust got in my ps2 and broke that happened to me twice, but i had a gurantee=) and the slim has small vents . but i think they are all the same , if it works be happpy.there are pretty much none except that it has no fan which means if you play with it too long it may overheat. but it won't overheat if you play with it for about 2 or 3 hours. has to be way longer than that.
Check out the link below.  It has rules for different variations of the game.I dont' believe it, i know lots of card games but haven't heard of this one!!!
Double or nothing is a proposition made by the loser of a bet.. . He proposes a 2nd bet of equal value.  If you accept and he loses the 2nd bet, he owes you double his previous debt.  If he wins the 2nd bet, he owes you nothing.I betting, once someone has lost a bet, they can say "Double or nothing" for another bet. This means that if they lose the second bet, they have to pay double the amount they already owe. If they win the second bet, they pay nothing and the parties are even.. . Good Luck!it means if you win you get double and if you lose you get nothing... usually at the end of a game of some sort...if u are gambling and u lose 100 bucks you mite want to go double or nothing which means the person who lost the 100 pays double or he pays nothing. basicly u double ur losses or clear ur lossesIt means to double up the bet or get nothing in the end.  Say if you won a $50 bet with your friend and he wants to do "double or nothing", he's willing to pay you double of what you have won already.  The thing is, he won't pay you until the new bet has been settled.
check www.gamefaqs.com or www.gamespot.comif you are talking about the hummer looking jeep, you can find it in about any of the army bases. Another way where you can find them is on the "fire truck" side mission. on about the 8th fire, you are going to find the jeep on fire. All you need to do is put the fire out.
You can do a YO/YFWD at the beginning of a row; it's a lace technique called (no laughing) faggoting.  I'm referencing a magazine, but doing a YO isn't exactly a copyright-able technique, so I think I'm good... just bring the yarn over the needle at the end of the previous row, turn, and then knit into the back of the loop, holding the yarn in place if necessary.Yarn over, forward
Because camels would drink almost anything, they like something acidy and sweet. They also need caffiene because they are so lazy.. . I did a research and found out camels love mountain dew more than anything.For the same reason my horse drinks soda - they like it.cuz they're tired of the same old, same old stuff that water has to offer. plus they love the feeling they get before they are about to burp.
check in www.gamefaqs.com. sorry not a big pokemon playerBefore you get into Mt. Silver, you have to get all 16 bagdes. Then, go talk to Professor Oak and he will tell the guy blocking the gate to let you in.
Because we feel more comfortable asking questions to and getting answers from other people.  It feels more personal and directed towards the asker.i dont know maybe we should ask someoneWe ask and answer these questions in a desperate attempt to escape boredom.-because we are pulled in by the human instinct of competition to gain more points, as well as our insatiable curiosities and the belief that we know the answers to everything better than everyone else. Well...that, and we are just plain bored sometimes.to share a good laugh
almost any change in behavior, nervous laughing or talking, or the amount of time it takes the player to bet as well as how much.  Ultimately, the idea is to "know" or "read" somebody instantly, so that you can react to their actions in an advantageous way.if you are playing with me i bet the same wheter i have any thing or not if i have a good hand i want to make you think i am bluffing.When you bust them with the nuts.. . . It really varies player to player, for some it is more agressive moves, others its their posture.Well, nervousness usually means players have a strong hand.. . Players are likely to bluff in late position when everyone before them has checked.
To hand sew sequins, you'll need some tiny beads.  You come up through the center of the sequin, through the bead, and then back through the center of the sequin.  The bead must be large enough to hold the sequin on, but not so large to detract from the look of the sequin.If your design has the sequins separated, the third answer is the best technique.. . However, you can buy sequins in strands, which makes application much faster if you are doing lines.  Not only does your basic hand running stitch work on those, but you can buy a sewing foot called a ribbon foot, which holds the sequins strand in place while you sew it down with your sewing machine.these days you get a fabric glue with which to paste the sequins onto the fabric. The glue is quite good and the sequins don't come off even after washing. It is available with hobby shops where you buy the sequins.. . If you still want to hand-sew, it'll take a lot of time, you need to put the sequin on the fabric, bring the needle from the edge on the sequin through the fabric, and then again through the center to the other edge.Hand sew? usually you use a "punch" like a paper punch to push them through the cloth. Try a hobbie store or fabric store or deptment store. I think they are called "stud punchers" or something like that. Unless the sequin had a metal casting like a piece of jewelry does, you'd have to glue them on since there is nothing to run the thread through. I think. good luck
I found something on a woven magazine purse.... I'm sure you could use candy wrappers instead of the magazines though. Just tape many together to make a length as long as a magazine page.*puts on her crafty hat*. . a) look online for a woven purse pattern... i am assuming you have one of these.. b) candy wrappers are VERY thin. This is because they make so many of the darned things. While this makes it hard to weave with, it makes it ideal to attach to another material with which to weave.. c) once you have found a standard weaving material, cut out the subsequent lengths from your candy wrappers (i am assuming like candy bars etc) and affix them to the normal weaving material... (wrapped around and glued on the back perhaps). . Once you have enough candy wrapper covered material, weave as you normally would.. . I am no expert or anything, but this seems to me to probably be the quickest way of going about it.
I don't know if this will help, but BoardGameGeek has a forum for game designers - http://www.boardgamegeek.com/geekforum.php3?action=viewforum&forumid=15. Maybe you can find some help there.I suggest you get a patent asap.  Sounds fun.
Check the minimal system requirements.Perhaps you don't have enough RAM. Start with rebooting. If that doesn't work then reload the program. If that doesn't work then stop trying. LOLMaybe your neighbor from hell doesn't know how to work on your PC.  Have you talked to him about the problem?maybe because your pc considers you to be neighbor from hell #1Check your computer's ram and make sure you have the amount of space left on the ram that is required. one other thing is, to make sure you have flash installed, that is usually a requirement for games.
I see that it is still open.  Did you have a problem accessing it?What are you talking about? do you read girls diarys? to bad it doesn"t work well.
How I be find a sincere and lovely wife? This under the category video games?. You have to find peace within your self before you can actually love someone.. If you are truly at peace within yourself, you will find what you are looking for because people respond to your aura.Don't look on the Internet.not possible, you may think you have when all they want from you is your time,only when they want, your money,or to sqeezze your little pp to get a car,house, or whatever they want not nessessarily need,believe me it's only till the wallet's dry.or(is that your pp)When you cann't give no more think with your big head not you little head.now true love is another story.Haha yea seriously...I don't think this has anything to do with a video game...unless you're talking about Fable, then all the gals are loving and sincere except Lady Grey...she's not loving.. . Wait...I guess that would depend on what you mean by 'loving' hehe...ooookay.18th and Main ... good luck ... oh, and bring a wad of cashI think that one of the best ways to find what you are looking for is to know who you are. Knowledge of self is the key to most of life's questions. Knowing what you like in a woman helps more than you might think. You need to be sure that what you like is good for you too. For example most guys think they want the 'hot chick' but a girl like that may hurt their pockets or ego more than they are willing to take. Know as well that for every person there is a dark side or shadow and being aware of that aspect of self is crucial to having a good relationship. To find that sincere and lovely wife hold the image in your mind, be calm but still have the desire to get what you think you want. See yourself meeting this person and the two of you hitting it off and having a great time. Hear the conversation and listen to what you say and what she says. Think about how you and this woman are going to live together, what you will be doing,how many (if any)children etc. Make the details rich, the more you can see it as if it was real the better.. Now this part is a challenge. After you have the image in mind of who you want to be with and how you two are to live look at your life. How far away are you by yourself from your vision. In other words, would your wife want to be with you as you are? Honesty with yourself will get you closer to the goal. In your future there is very little room for the past if you want a successful relationship. Old stuff that has been with you since childhood should be gotten rid of. Sell it, ebay, donate whatever to make room for your new wife, your new life. If you hold on to too much you won't have room for anything new. Make yourself over to YOUR satisfaction. Be happy with yourself FIRST, be CONFIDENT and complete on your own and you will find yourself attractive to more people.. But that in itself is no big deal. Now you have to choose the one for you. A simple rule of thumb don't look for sincerity in a woman who talks about people more than anything else, if she talks about what happens in the world 'is ok' but if you find one that has her own ideas and comminicates them openly and clearly you have a winner.. Be CLEAR! what she talks about mostly is what you are going to have to live with so choose with that in mind. LISTEN with both ears and your heart. As a man you should use listening as one of your strongest powers. . Now to find a woman you have to go where women are. You have to be comfortable around them, be friendly with them. go to places they go that are for their positive development and participate. Think about the places you like to go where there are women present or go elsewhere, but go out there. She is waiting for you.
Practice, Practice, Practice!  You usually feel some nausea in the beginning, but you have to imagine that they've been spinning for years before that and it is a bit of a "conditioning" to say the least.They keep looking at the one part of their body which appears to them as with the least amount of spin.Dizziness is governed by three factors. That is the eyes, touch and the semicircular thing in your ears.Eyes have the most influence in dizziness. So, two ways, either closing your eyes or by experience. Forgive my english.they get immune to it. PROSLots of practice.  You can get used to anything.This always amazes me too, I think they close there eyes. Also, after hours and hours of training everyday they get sort of use to the feeling.because they keep themselves at the exact center of the spin, which reduces the amount of centrifugal force being enacted upon their blood. It's also from practice and from acquired immunity.yes, im a professional ice-skater,  i drink alot of Jack daniels whiskey to couter act the spinning..try itTHey blur their eyes out of focus
That game is probably running off your hard drive already.  Most games (especially big name, newer games like that) install onto your hard drive but still require you to have the disc in your drive when the game launches for copy protection purposes.  By following the advice of the previous poster you will be able to play the game without the disc, but it won't run any faster.  To do that, buy some more RAM, get a better video card, processor, or tweak the video options in the game menu.Pressing the a buttonI'm guessing that what ur trying to do is run the game without the CD. . for that you will need NO-CD cracks for that game.. go to http://www.gamecopyworld.com and search for any game that you want and download the no-cd crack. then put it in the actual executable folder and that should get rid of use of CD. . hope that helps. -gimme 10 pts please--
Throwing coffee pots filled with cement across ice in to little circles, knocking your opponents pots out of the ring. (Not exactly, but pretty darn close.)Curling, a precision sport similar to bowls or bocce, is played on ice with polished heavy stones weighing about 40 - 44 lbs (18 - 20 kg). The level of precision and complex nature of the strategic thinking required to win has lead it to be referred to as "strategic shuffleboard on ice."curling is working out your biceps using a dumbell or barbella gay version of shuffle board for people who have no life or any real hobbies..u throw a rock with a handle on it and 2 people sweep the ice in front of it until the ice is smooth. then, they stop ans u want the rock to land in the red or blue circle, but mainly red.
downlad limewire...its free livewire costs. then do a google search to find the name of a game. then search in limewire and tadaaYou make flash cards
work for eb gamesdownload off internet...first thing is check your PSP to see what firmware version it has. if it is version 1.50 or 2.0 you can download the emulater to play the games of the memory stickYOU CAN'T! You can only buy them. If you wanna download them, that's illegal. It's called pirating!
You have to leave the tread a little loose when you are crocheting, then you stretch it out across a "canvas" and pin it down. Stretch it in as many ways possible then unpin it. will take quite a while for it to relax completely and stretch to its full extent so be ready to work hard and be patient.I agree you have to stretch it out and pin it but I also mist it with water from a spray bottle and let it dry overnight. Then it holds the shape when you unpin it. I pin it on a low pile carpet and get the edges as straight as possible, then mist it and let it dry. When you take the pins out it will shrink up just a little but it will look great.
Well if you have valuable fish and have researched the environment, you can always sell the basic fish. They're not worth much, but you can empty your tanks and you can always get fish of the same breed back by purchasing fish eggs.that's a good question
Check out this website. It has many ideas for you. If this isn't what you need, just type in Halloween costumes in your search bar and you'll get lots of ideas.I would use a foam instead of making it a circle cut it into a triangle cut a hole in the middle in the shape of a triangle and use a type of  bright colored fabric in the middle to make the filling? Just off the top of my head.. I got the idea from a craft show they were making chocolate chip cookie's and hamburgers.Check out a websitePut them in a brown sweatsuit outfit and cut two pieces of cardboard into the shape of the cookie. Decorate the cardboard to look like a cookie, put a string from the front piece to the back piece, Repeat the stringing on the other side, and your Done!! Hope this helps.
I would say don't too-but we're not here for advice just straight answers to real problems.  Make sure she knows you like her and for how long you've liked her, remind her of all the things you have in common and what you've thought of her everytime you were together.  Just my opinion.Get real ,how many single woman are out there go get one.DON'T!don't. She didn't chose you. Let her live her peaceful life with her husband. Go find a single women.
Don't forget to choose the best answer.. We are real people answering real questions with real answers so please show your appreciation by choosing the best answer! . . LOL NOT sad, thats great. Its over on the right by the fire thingy....you got an old game, play it old school. Do like people used to... make your own maps. It sounds corny, but you get to learn the games the hazards, and you remeber the stuff you can't get now.
Because they are often getting beaten by a non-thinking machine.We don't get mad, per se, we just get frustrated.  Sometimes when we're playing a game, and our competitive nature gets in the way when the game beats us or if something happens in the game that we didn't intend, then we sound off.  But, you also see us cheer or whoop when we do something that's pretty awesome too - like scoring a touchdown with our player that we made to duplicate ourselves by using spin moves and dodges - or some seeming impossible stunt that we couldn't believe we could do, but we did it.cause we take it personaly and want to be top dog! GRRRRROnly the immature guys get upset when playing video games.  Mature guys don't get angry, because it's all for fun.because they get really involved in the game and they believe that they are the superhero or race car driver. so when something happens to the character they get so pissed off because many times they have to start the level again.. . ahh boys, who could understand them anyways.They don't get mad, they get frustratedcause we take it seriouslyWe get mad because of our competitive nature.I'm a chick and I get mad!  I'm competitive and I wanna win!  I think it's funny when people get mad at video games actually.what else in life is their but video games?? Oh is that answer a question with a question, oops , ok, men get mad cuz Halo2 is life !!!!caus they don't want to be bothered during the game.They are trying to beat the game and they are very competitive and they start to get addictedbecause it is a computer made game that a man can't beat up.. heh, at least they have something to take there frustrations out on.because they are just oversixed immmature kids that refuse to grow up.Because its a natrual thing for us guys. We get so caught up with the game, if it does not go the way we want, it gets frusturating; thats why.Because we get so into it we think it is real life
your going to pretty much be limited to fast food/ resteraunts, sales associate positions and the like. nothing to glorious for a few years = ) try your local malls/stores and resteraunts to see whats available.Start out by putting in applications in places your in interested in.  You might want to look at places you would really enjoy.  If  you like music (music stores, radio stations, )  Try clothing departments hit the malls.   Good Luck.  Remember just because your sixteen does not mean your not mature enough .  BE sure to convey you are serious in any interview and knowlegedable of the job your applying for.  Research, proffesionalism, and attitude .When you are 16 you need to get a work permit from your school.  Your employer and yourself will need to fill the forms out.  Normally pizza restraunt's are great,  there are a lot of different shifts to accomidate for your school schedule.
If you go to the Yahoo Answers home page, you can click on Undecided Questions and vote for them there. Or if it's your own question, after 24 hours you can coose which one's the best.Go to MY Q&A on the top left hand side under ASK, and go to your questions and then you can vote.click to home page, scroll down, answers up for voting are listed in the third grouping.If it is your own question you can choose best answer as they are posted. On other people's questions, you can view all answers and vote for best after it is closedGO TO RESOLVED QUESTIONS, AND THERE, YOU CAN VOTE!Click on questions that say voting.I don't know!
You can't, legally speaking.It's illegal. U might be able to burn some games on to a disk and play on xbox but ull need to get the chip in it
it is free at a casino you need to bet i hope when you grow up you can play and winI CANT EVEN BELIEVE THAT W/ ALL THE HYPE THERE ARE STILL PEOPLE WHO ARE CURRENT ENOUGH TO ANSWER THESE QUESTIONS, HENCE HAVE THE INTERNET AND ARE INTEREDTED IN IT, AND STILL ARE UNAWARE THAT THERE IS REAL GAMBLING AVAILABLE VIA ONLINE POKER!. . WOW.. . ANYWAY - DONT WIN A HUGE JACKPOT AND YOU ARE COOL. BUT IF YOU WIN BIG, UNLESS YOU CAN JUSTIFY THE SAME AMOUNT OF LOSSES, YOU NEED TO PAY TAX AS THOUGH IT WAS INCOME.You can play for real online.. . The tax implications are just the same as any other income stream. It depends on whether you list it as a job or as a hobby, but you report it as income. Although online poker is illegal for money, the IRS does not care; they just want their share.it's free you dumbo, online poker are games for entertainment.. . you only play real in casinos
I presume this is Halo 2? If so then shoot them in the head!. The gun fires in three round bursts and usually 1 to 2 shots will do it. . . Always aim for the head!aim for the head or the chest. mostly the head. it always will be a one hit kill.
GI Joe = Government Issued "Joe". . In WWII this term came about because everything in a soldier's life in the field was "government issued" to the point that it seemed the soldiers themselves were government property as well... American's were called "Joe" by many of our foreign allies like we called the French "Frogs" and the British "Limeys" so GI Joe was a term that meant "US Soldier."G.I.=General Infantry or Government Issue and Joe is an American male.The GI Joe doll is named after the movie.  The GI is for General Issue* (ie a soldier) and the Joe is because, in many places Americans fought, the common name locals used for American men was "Joe".. . At least this is what I've been told.. . . * Some people say it's Government Issue.  Most of my references say it originally meant General Issue as in the items you were first given when you joined the military.Meaning?  It is just a toy for children to play with.  Some people feel that it promotes violence.  I don't agree...Violence promotes violence.General Infantryman Joe. A real American hero. Been around forever it seems, an "action" figure for boys whose fathers were off to war, so that they could imagine that G.I.Joe was their fathers who were fighting the Nazis and Japanese, and could save the day.It stands for Gastro-Intestinal Joe.  He was a short lived superhero from the '50s who constantly drank reheated coffee.  He would overpower his opponents with noxious flatulence and sour belches.. . Horrified parents quickly demanded changes, so the creators made up some junk about a soldier.
To be honest, the vast majority of online casinos use software companies to provide their games, such as Microgaming, Playtech, etc.. . These software providers would employ their own testers to ensure games are working 100% before allowing them to be released to their online casino clients.Chill with the homies
Go ahead and play it then.It isn't a game. You need to have a game boy advance or gamecube to play the game. Naruto clash of ninja or Naruto ninja council
most all Final Fantasies. Kingdom Hearts. all Resident Evil. Chono cross. Harvest Moon. all SimsPS2. . Kingdom Hearts.  The graphics are mindblowing and the combination of Disney and Final Fantasy characters is GENIUS!  The 2nd one comes out TOMMORROW! :)  Besides graphics, the content of this one game is equivilant to 4 normal video games, there's a transformational drive, the worlds are mind blowing....AHH!!  I can't wait for tommorrow!. . Ratchet and Clank good storyline and you can destroy lots of things.. . Jak 2+3 Awesome!!!  Good storyline, a bit more puzzle solving but worth it!. . Nightmare Before Christmas Oogies's Revenge.  If your an NBC fan you will LOVE this game! :)  If not you'll probably still like it.. . Dark Cloud.  Hard at first but you are quickly drawn into the storyline.. . PS1. . Muppet Race Mania.  There's something about battling bumper car style in a crowded theater or house that just makes people smile.  At the least the muppets anyways. ;)  Besides the Bumper Car portion there are races and a stunt course.  Lots of fun.. . Computer Games. . Dragon Fire 5 Quest for Glory. . An oldie but a goodie. :)  Monsters glory and an murderer on the loose.  And unlike Warcraft...this game does have an ending to it.. . The 7th Guest. . If you like being trapped in a deranged house with an insane toymaker you'll like this.  The puzzles are VERY challenging...the maze by far the WORST.  Well next to Staufs insults and taunts.  Walkthrough HIGHLY Recommended!. . All I can think of right now.Everyone seems to like Kingdom of hearts because it is cool and the main guy is hot..that's what my friend said...I don't play video games but seems to really luv that game!to me is Xenogears on PSone becoz to me i thinkkit got the greatest stroy with great charecters personalities and betteling systemLegend of Zelda games because they are classics, Splinter Cell games because of their detail, and Halo 1 and 2 because they are just plain fun.I am not into video games, but my husband and daughter love Final fantasy XI (and the others too) and star wars galaxies.Prince of Persia -<its so much fun to manuever, its challenging>. TopSpin Tennis-<it allows you to advance your career, its not too easy, i love all tennis games>. Need for Speed Underground 2 <great graphics for your car, fun career mode>American McGee's Alice, Clive barkers undying,fear, and blood rayne. as to why i guess I'm just into them they are fun to me in i like "creepy" thingsi like arcade games like pac man and tetris!!!I like San Andreas because you can shoot cops.For me its all bout great graphics and good gameplay and i'm into sci-fi action. So here goes:. . Half Life 2:. It's by far and wide the best game ever played on the xbox.. The Graphics engine that powers this masterpiece is also made by the same developer of the game...Valve.. And i think that's cool since it won many awards too.. The setting of the game, the characters and the aliens and zombies are totally fantastic and they virtually take ur experience to a diff. level.. . Halo 2:. A masterpiece by Microsoft teaming up with Bungie games.. This is why i got the xbox in the 1st place.. Again, more aliens, a gripping stroyline, and great characters.. . . Both this game will always be my fav. games.. Also did i mention that you get to play with futuristic weapons.I tend to lean more toward RPGS, the Shadow Hearts trilogy is currently what I am working on.  I like Final Fantasy IV (II on the SNES) and Final Fantasy VII, X, and X-2.  I also like the Castlvania games.  I'm also a fan of You Don't Know Jack and the classics such as Q-Bert, Dig Dug, Galaga and Frogger.GTA San Andreas because you get to do almost anythingPS1. . Metal Gear. Vagrant Story. chrono cross. Parasite Eve. Final Fantasy VII. Final Fantasy VIII. . those are my picks, i just love emThe Sims 2!  It's so fun to make people and control their lives, it's a cool simulation.
Joe Beevers"me nigga me,  shit im so bad i kick my own ass twice a day"  quote by the cheeseburger pimp himselfJoe Beevers was the poker player named "The Elegance" and he was also one of the four members of the "Hendon Mob". He was born in London, England 1967 and he is living in Hendon, England. He was on tour with The Mob, which has now ended in 2005. Here are some sites I found that include a lot of great information and pictures, which I hope has helped you!
Simple answer: you can't. The Maxis team must have some very skilled techs because nobody can crack any of the Sims 2 line. But of course why would you when you can get a job at McDonald's and make enough in one day to buy the game and an expansion pack? Fuckin thieves piss me off by stealing what they can work for making it more expensive for honest people.wel thats easy get a hammer and hack away
Asking about 'humans'... what species are you? And how do you have access to the internet?It is often a form of obsessive compulsiveness.  It's a way to meditate the busy mind.  Much like Yahoo! Answers.Spoiled kids/brats are mostly addicts, due to lack of friends, lack of discipline.there are several reasons a child can become addicted to computer games especially the role playing multi cuminity games. They find interaction they don't have at school. This allows them to become someone they are not. As time progresses so does the persons addiction. There are also genentic factors. Is anyone else in the family addicted to anything work, booze, pills. My suggestion is that if violent behavior is occoring you seek help for all concerned befor things escalate/because human want to have some fun, and its a type entetaiment that make humans to have some fun... get it??. ;-)THEY DON'T. VIDEO GAMES DON'T MAKE GOOD CHILDREN BAD. BAD CHILDREN PLAY VIDEOGAMES LIKE GOOD CHILDREN DO, BUT THEY ARE BAD CHILDREN AND CAN'T SEPERATE RIGHT FROM WRONG.emm..that enjoyable!!but the main thing " human is human not animal"..Does't animal addict to computer games?
go to yahoo games or grab.com and check out their backgammon game. they also give you how to play instructions....Here's a good site for the rules. I learned how to play many years ago, but recently re-learned by playing online a little. Once you get the hang of it, anyone can play!!!. The rules for online and in person are the same.usually on a board with pieces.It's a simple, fast game once you get the hang of it.  I suggest reading this simple guide:  http://www.bkgm.com/rules.html . and then just trying a few games online in the Yahoo Games area.
go to www.gamefaqs.comYou have to go to the wall of the arena and you will he a place that you can climb. follow that clockwise and go up and he'll attack you and you can use a combo move. He is going to destroy the first one so then there is another way up across the arena
don't inhale. just suck a bit into your mouth, for the taste, and blow it out.. unless you can handle the inhale.eeeeeeeeeeeeewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!!!! why would you want to do that to your lungs and your body? bad, bad, for your health
A full house is a three of a kind and a pair, such as K-K-K-2-2. When there are two full houses the tie is broken by the three of a kind.. . A fullhouse beats a flush, straight, trips, and 2 pair.  You are usually pretty safe to win the hand with a fullhouse.In the game of poker, a full house is a hand where you have three of a kind of one suit, and a pair in another.  Three kings and two queens would be a full house.  In poker hierarchy, a full house beats a flush, but is beaten by 4 of a kind.Three of a kind and a pair.A full house is a poker hand consisting of 3-of-a-kind and a pair. In the case of a tie the higher hand is determined first by the higher 3-of-a-kind (such as Q-Q-Q, 2-2 defeats 10-10-10, 9-9) then by the higher pair.. . A full house ranks higher than a flush, but below 4-of-a-kind.3 of one kind and 2 of another.a full house has to do with the denominations of cards in a poker hand (the number or letter on the cards).  a full house consists of 3 cards of one denomination, and two cards of another.A full house is a hand consisting of a 3 of a kind and a pair.  Ex. 3,3,3,9,9
The same way you would scan any book.go to a printing store and scan them.probably through a cpmputer. just go old school and print em out.buy two copies of the comic you want to scan, one to keep and one to pull out the staples (carefully) from the spine.  Open the pages up flat and scan on the highest resolution possible.
I know a lot of sites say you can unlock Hinata but I just found out after looking fof a long time that you can't unlock Hinata. . . P.S You're probably just as dissapointed about it as I am.Is this The video games!?Hinata is not a playable character in this game.. To unlock a character you must beat the game twice with each one of the first seven that are available.
Because people like big elaborate games that involve currency and the fascination of owning their own unique animal they can take car of.Because they have nothing better to do.i ts so fun,(get an account)it gives people something to do for awhile.It is highly addictive and very fun to do with your children.. . It is a safe entertaining place on the internet where both adults and children can play a few games and spend time together.
If it's already set.. then the person that set it must know the code.  If you are just trying to set it in the first place, then start the PS2 with a CD and look though the menu options (there's not many)yea your mom would love that...i dont think so
Colorguard is a flag corps assigned to a live marching band.. . Winterguard is an indoor colorguard activity. Competitions usually take place in gymnasiums with prerecorded music.You can use the search box on the left side of the Yahoo Answers home page to find answers to questions similar to yours. Let's put this up to vote.
I believe that GTA III is set in 1999.. GTA Vice City is set in the 1980's. And San Andreas is set in the gangster theme of the early 1990's.the 1980's... fo shoit is set in 2001 the year it was made and for the record vice city:86 san andreas:92 liberty city stories 2005probably the in 2000
go to www.gamespot.com and post on the message boardsyouve gotta google it really deep. i spent about 3 hours searching and still couldnt find anything. ive seen screenshots of it though and its rubbish.action replay max is one way.... I don't know anything else.
In the context of video games, it is an operating system used by some devices.. . It was originally developed for use by the Commodore Amiga computer, but has been subsequently developed and utilised in many different ways.A female friend/budyIt's a term (I'm not sure if it's Mexican or Spanish in origin) which means female friend/buddy. Amigo is the male counterpart of amiga.Amiga is female friend in spanish.
Im sorry but their was a really dumb flaw they made in the game.. YOU CANT. Yes i know its stupid but try out Ghost Recon:AW. Its got a good ranking system and you can see how you stack up against the rest of the world. Its actually a better game than COD2look in the manuel
FURBY toys often wanted you to "ah-may koh koh" (pet me more). FURBY toys weren?¿½t very "noo-loo" (happy) when they were "mee mee a-tay?¿½ (very hungry), but FURBY toys loved to have "dah doo-ay wah" (big fun)i think he/she is unconfertable.  look into moving around the room.
Another method you might want to try is to go to the website http://www.boardgamegeek.com/   Locate the game that you have on their site and then see if there are any links to more information about it on the web, or maybe try contacting some of the people that own it and see if they might be able to either answer your question or even (and this is rare) send you a photocopy (or digital scan) of the rules.i'D BE LOOKING FOR NAME OF COMPANY PRODUCING THIS GAME, THEY SHOULD BE ABLE TO PROVIDE ANY INFORMATION THAT YOU NEED AND THEY WHOLD HAVE A WEB SITEhere is the website you need. . it lists 2 different but doesnt say which is which so click and see. Mattel is very good about this stuff...if you cant find it call the customer service number.Call Mattel directly.  They will either mail or e-mail them to you
1 out of 1,000,000,000.  Good luck.Can't. Just a way for the government to make money off poor people.last week i won in lotto about 300000$ then they wanted of me 360$ for transfer ithink that is a big lie .The biggest connection most (not all) lotto winners have is that they play the same numbers each game.  Most lotto sites give stats on which numbers stike most often.  Figure out what numbers you want and then keep playing those.
rubbing alcohol is the best dont use skin so soft as it is oily and could leave a residue that may damage your system...best thing is to buy a package of individual alcohol wipes they are about a dollar for a big box like you would use if you were diabetic etc...use just the little tiny wipe. . these also wipe of permanent marker from non permeable surfaces ;)The Best Thing I Use For Removing Sticker Tracks Is A Thing Called 'Goo Gone'... . It's Real Great Stuff, It Comes In A Regular Bottle With A Black Sticker On It With Orange Contents Inside At Many Cleaning Aisles Of Stores... . You Simply Put Goo Gone On The Sticky Surface (or dampen a paper towel with some), And Simply Wipe It Away.. May Take A Trial Or Two, And May Stain Certian Serices (best you test the hidden part of the surface before use, but i used it on a ds after taking off the protective screen, which sucks and not at all needed, and works like a charm)..Windexuse windex or rubbing alacholtry using dipping a q-tip in rubbing alcohol then wiping it on your nintendo ds.use avon skin-so- soft. it is fantastic for cleaning off glue and adhesives.brasso works but it does take off a layer of your screen with it..it depends what u have rubbing alchohal is great with like a nickil or a dime to scratch the residue off be sure not to skrathch the screen
Sudoku (Japanese: "the digits must remain single"), also known as Number Place, is a logic-based placement puzzle. The aim of the canonical puzzle is to enter a numerical digit from 1 through 9 in each cell of a 9ª9 grid made up of 3ª3 subgrids (called "regions"), starting with various digits given in some cells (the "givens"). Each row, column, and region must contain only one instance of each numeral. Each numeral in the solution therefore occurs only once in each of three "directions" or "scopes", hence the "single numbers" implied by the puzzle's name.Its a math game, our teacher gives it to us as a "fun" homework activity to do ... Im in 8th grade APP math so yah Its kinda boring but some people like itIt is the fastest growing craze in America.  It is a logic puzzle that uses numbers but no real math is involved and it gets vary addicting. I LOVE IT.. Here are some sites to look at for more info.. www.websudoku.com . www.sudoku.com. www.dailysudoku.co.uk/sudoku/index.shtml. sudoku.com.au. www.sudokufun.com. . also good books are. the sudoku for dummies i think there are 4 of them. and master sudoku. all book stores have sudoku books just ask and someone can point you in right wayits some kinda hard math puzzle.Sudoku is a mind game where you have boxes and empty spaces.  The object of the game is to get the numbers 1-9 into the boxes, not repeating in all the rows (up and down), and neither in the boxes itself.  It is tough, but what a relief if you finally get it right!
Anarchy Online. The only reason I pick that is because it's the most popular and is better rated out of the three.Out of those three, AO.
I'm sorry I would have no idea, maybe if theres any lane maintance guys on here???  I doon't know anything about how to lay down the oil patterns or anything... . I would imagine no matter what the oil is going to disperse  and break down anyway, so i doont know if it can be prevented.. good luckI would love to help you, but fo rme to be able to, i would have to know what carry down is.... sorry. . Ok wait i tjust came to me... use wax!!!!!!!!!!!
Go to Walmart, and get a disk cleaner for about 10 bucks. It will clean anything from CDs to Video games. It's a good investment.First of all dont blamscratches and damage!. try polishing out and scratchs etc.You could use 2 ways: Get a CDDoctor that'll clean every CD except for GameCube games, or take a slightly damp cloth and wipe it and take another dry cloth and wipe it.dont get the disc cleaner it simply messes up the disc and leaves it in a worse condition if you dont know how to use it i clean my discs using home materials like toothpaste, windex, wood cleaners like glo and ive heard of cologne being used after you spread it on the disc leave it on for a few mins and wipe it off with water it takes aways small scratches.I wouldn't use the disc cleaner either. I have done the cologne cleaning thing and it does work.I just use cleaner and a rag meant for glasses.works great.
You'll need a high speed connection that will go into the network adapter via network cable.  Depending on what game you get, you'll need nothing else or maybe a hard drive.  Headsets are also useful.  You'll definately need a memory card to hold some updates.well you need broadband connections at least and set up everything with ps2 and then coordinate nework online. remember to by pass firewall!get routeryou need a high speed internet connection (Cable, DSL or wireless) You'll also need the PS2 Hard Drive or a free 8MB+ memory card to hold the PS2 network updates
the star stands for "repeat previous button command. So if it read A,B,*, then it means A,B,Bthe star means to do nothing, or neutral.  It's very common many . example forward, neutral, down, down-forward, neutral, left punch (Jin's dragon uppercut)its a quick pause between button commands
if you deleted the picture and it was the one on your background it will stay there untill you change it but it doesnt take any space on your memory cardafter putting a picture as a wallpaper, the OS doesn't need the image anymore. So even if you delete the image, it wont go.. you can replace it with another wallpaper.. . the 32mb memory stick that comes with the PSP is too small to do anything with it. My advice is to get a bigger chip.
It's true. So much slack when it wasn't even intended for the game, people managed to hack it back into the game.. it's not the companies fault. I love GTA, I thought it was hilarious - and no I'm not picking up hookers or beating old ladies over the head with baseball bats.It's the U.S., man, it doesn't matter if the game/movie has extremely graphic violence, and promotes the use of drugs, weapons, etc.  But as soon as there is even the slightest bit of sex involved, the public is all over it and the government will shit a brick upon seeing it.  Nice to see where our priorities lie.
isnt it always top bottom?look in options!options-settings-split screen change to top/bottomYour XBox must be set on a widescreen mode if it's side by side. I find that side by side is easier when playing with 2 people on the same screen, but that's me. To fix this, turn on your XBox with no game in the tray, and go to settings and change the video display mode back to normal (4x3 instead of 16x9). Hope that helps!
If you can find the glitch cheat online, then you can get a lvl 300 snorax. you have to catch it with masterball, but you can duplicate that too. Look around, i forget how to do it.mewMy strongest pokemon is hypno with dream eater,. On the other hand, this is pokemon red and blue so the phychic pokemon are builded to be the strongest type.. the special are not divided into att/def so it already strong.. there are only 4 attacks, ghost and bug type that only cause less than 50 damage, can harm a phychic, but only with little result because of the phychic special stats.Mew or Mewtwo.Supergay'amonany one you like!. you can train your pokemon to level 100. i've got a level 100 blastoise that beat my friends level 100 mew!
He died. Btw, he's the one you met in the prison cell. At that time, you think he's Darpa Chief and he died because of heart attack (the truth is he died because of Fox Die).. You don't fight him, but you killed him, neat uh? Too bad we never really see his true face.yes it was fox die but he doesn't only die because of his disguiese methods (taking blood)  fox die was meant to kill him along with all the other bosses and snake and the 2 people.He dies of FoxDie. He was diguising himself as the darpa chief, and because of his extreme methods of copying someone, he contracted it when he came in contact with Snake. In a way, he's the first boss you defeat in the game.
maybe during that time of not playing you or someone may have deleted and important file.  best thng to do is to uninstall it then reinstall itdelete it, it is boring anywayssounds like a major file was deleted.
I think it is addictive because it has a nice balance of do-ability and challenge.  By this I mean that it is challenging enough to be captivating, but it is not too hard to beat.  If a game is either too easy or too hard you will soon get bored of it.  Sudoku is just hard enough to be interesting, but not so hard as to be frustrating.i dont know why it is but i am addicted to itPuzzles please peoplethe same reason other puzzle games are, such as crosswords, word searches...etc
the only way to get to high places is the magnet beam. it is on elec man's stage, you have to use guts arm to lift the boxes. the high jump is in mega man 2 and it requires holding down start on controller 2. but in order to use the beam after you get it is to shoot it out but the longer you hold it the longer it makes a platform and it has a time limited while standing on it so you have to move fast.The Magnetic Beam is a pretty essential tool to use in Mega Man 1.  To reach high places, use the beam to create a number of short platforms -jump and fire to lay the beam, hop on top and jump again to place another.  You'll get the hang of it pretty quickly.
Unfortunately you have a corrupt save file. The most practical thing to do is find someone else with a save around where you were. You can back stuff up in the future on a 2nd card if it's really important or get the sharkport and back it up on your PC.. . As far as fixing it there's not anything you can do if it's a corrupt save (which I believe it is)You could of scratch your disk.
Check out MrsBubblegum & MrChicostick guestion titled 'Video Game Players Click here.?' They are helping people find cheats, codes and stuff for video games. They probably can help you.here is the only tutorial i could find:  http://www.machinima.com/PHPBB/viewtopic.php?p=18860. . but i would to go www.modthesims2.com and ask is question there.To add extra stuff to make music videos, A. Google Sims 2 Mods, or B. Get an expansion pack relevant to whatever you're planning on making.
I loved both X and X-2.. FFX had a compeling story and lots of strategy. . X-2 was a complete 180. Open ended missions, fast paced ATB and my girl Yuna finally has personality.Final Fantasy games are very romantic. That's why I like them.Final Fantasy sucks...sorrygreat gameIs Final Fantasy, the one in whicy you're in outspace, and your ship is being attacked by alien ships and you're shooting at them? I palyed as a asample on a friend's computer, once. Nver could find it, to buy a copy for myself.10/10. The only flaws were that Tidus' voiceover does not suit him, and that Blitzball was too hard... lol...I've heard that many people liked it so that's why they made final fantasy X-2 but I think Final fantasy X was better.
You flip the switch in the back. Kind of like re-booting your computer.  Hope this helps!i've got only 4 possobilities that might be successful for you... you could either send it in and get it repaired, buy a new one after you've got the money, get a computer geek to help you understand the problem and fix it, or totaly ignore all of these. i can feel your pain... in fact, i've got a gamecube that won't read my disks... the only alternitive i can see for myself is to buy a new one... god i hate this... i mean, i've taken care of it... you should go for the best one...try to unplug all the cabs on the ps2. then plug everything in again then try it again. If it doesnt work. unplug it then try opening it again tomorrow.Turn off PS2 and wait for awhile the check on it later.
You are not giving them enough time to cool.....You can't thats just how it is.  When I make candles, You poke a whole down the center of the candle after about 10 minutes to let the air out, then you pour more wax in to fill the dent.  The second pour, be sure the wax it hotter then the first.
you have to finish the game first.  it's an unlockable special feature.  it sucks, too... very brief.go to www.gamefaqs.com or www.gamespot.com for tips
According to the letters that the princess gives you during the course of the game, there's also a warp whistle in the third world as well. I've never been able to find it, but it's there somewhere. The whistles allow you to skip over entire worlds, and if you use two of them at once you'll go straight to world 8. There's also these little cloud things that let you skip over individual levels, but if you die in the level tha you skip to, you'll have to go back and do the level tha you skipped over in the first place.just push down in a white box and go all the way to the endThe first one is as the guy before said, the second is in the first castle(the grey one). You need a leaf to get it. It's at the end, before you enter the door where the boss is, you'll see a turtle(bones). Just jump on it and the run to fill up the meter until you can fly. Then jump to the right, walk a little and you'll enter a door with the whistle in it!!There's a third whistle in World 2. You need to get a hammer (from the hammer brothers mini level), then hammer the rock on the upper right hand corner of the map. It will open up to a new area.you get whistles, i think the first one is in 1-3 you stand on the white pillar and duck down, you will fall behind it then, go to the end and you'll go behind the black screen, push a button abd it will take you to a secret mushroom house and the whistle! ninetendo ROCKS!!!
ne bondai cant understand the question. did u mean terrorism? Please verifyterreirasom????????????????????? wtf???????1st, it's Terrorism. 2nd, although this is what every body's talking about since 9/11 but no one have given a clear answer to this, if it's killing innocent people, then what about the killing the Israelis do every day, and what the American’s doing in the Sunni areas in Iraq? I don't see a different between killing innocent people by large states as USA, or by organizations such as Al-Qaeda, they're all Evil.., and any one who says else wise is a hypocrite
I think the above answer is thinking about life size, rather than hobby size.  Anyway...... If you go with the same company, and search out the same gauge, you should be able to get them in the correct sizes.Bombers need to carry lots of heavy bombs, so they need to be big to support the weight.. . A fighter does not need to carry such weight, can be made much smaller, giving it increased speed and maneuverability.. . You could make a large fighter, but it would be trounced by smaller ones.  you could also make a small bomber, but it would not be able to carry much.
Lots of museums are quite inexpensive.  Some are even free, though they may unobtrusively have a place where you can make a donation.  Art, history, all kinds of things to see.Go to a river, lake, or ocean and swim! Tons of fun for free. You can meet tons of great people too.Lake, park, biking, skating, hiking, sight seeing, my family even loves going to Costco for the free samples...LOLPlay basketball at the parkGo build a home with Habitat for Humanity or volunteer in some other way. Ciao.Yeah yeah swimmin' is good.. . . ---Lamda
Smash it against a hard wood floor or throw it against a wall a few timestake a sledgehammer to it and buy a new oneYou need two Torx Screwdrivers, sizes 20/15.. . 5 screws to unscrew, one under the metallic sticker in the middle and 4 others, one under each of the rubber pads.. . You may have to replace the drive.  You can buy replacements off of ebay easily and they are fairly inexpensive.Hammers work, too.what exactly happens, does it go to a screen with a number in the upper left? if so, what is the number?. . (modding it might work, but add the info i asked for in extra info)
I use the RPG Maker 2003 program, myself. It's really good, but it will take quite awhile to make a good RPG.Either that, or you can learn to program. But if you don't want to take 5-6 years to develop an RPG on your own, go with something like RPG Maker.Agetec makes a game for the PS2 called RPG Maker.  It allows you to make rpg games on your PS2.  There is also a device called a dex drive (I don't know if it is still in production) that allows you to upload your memory card saves to the net.  (RPG Maker orginally came out on PS1 that's also the time the dex drive came out) or you can google RPG Maker there's one you can download free for the PC.  If all else fails ask SquareEnix for a job.  :)
u tryied just walking into it? i think it worked for me :P, c if it is u button on a console nearby to open the glass dome before u try walking into it :PJust wait until your police friend opened the way for you .. then Just walk towards it ... it's not so hard , you don't need a cheat to do so ...Joking
Here is an online manual:. . http://www.brotherlatinamerica.com/manuales/sewing/LS1217um.pdf. . Several pattern companies have "Learn to sew" pattern lines.  I recommend that you go to your local fabric store and ask one of the clerks for basic help in how to select a pattern, fabric and the notions, and follow the instructions in the pattern for the actual sewing.I took a basic sewing class at a local fabric shop.Try that,or go to ask.com and look for fabric shops in your area.Good Luck.Teaching yourself to sew is very easy.  I learned that way.  All you need to do is consult as many sources as possible.  You can also find sewing classes at your local park and recreation district, plus many senior and teen centers teach sewing, for a very small feeIf you know how to thread your machine and load your bobbin just get some fabric scraps and change your settings and run lines of practice stitches straight lines zig zags stiches per inch stitch tension etc dont try anything too fancy at first but keep at it until you get the feel of it. . you might also join an online sewing group where you can ask questions and get specific questions. . Keep trying you will get it!How on Earth do you plan to teach your self??Get a BOOK...Check out E-Bay for sewing manuals. Also try used book stores or email the company that makes your machine and see if they can send you a new manual.. Good Luck
perhaps it's a very rare game, and especially if it is in arcade machine form.  Either that, or SOMEBODY REALLY, REALLY, REALLY WANTS that game :)one it could be a typo.  two it coud be a rare snes version.  I saw street fighter alpha three for snes one time for 75. dollars a long time ago at wallmart .... WALLMART!!!
first go to the "start" menu then programs then accessories. then system tools and then disk clean up then more options tab on top and then the one option that says instaled programs and look for the toolbar (example:yahoo internet toolbar)search for your popup blocker file then when you find it right click it then scroll down to delete. Or you can just highlight the file then press delete on your keyboard. OR you can disable your popup blocker.
everyone sits in a circle, a bottle is spun by one person, whoever it points to, the person who spun must kiss.  If one person spins thee same person 3 times, they must spend 7 mins in a closed room, doing nasty things...have your guest sit in a circle, whoever the bottle leads to after the spin thats who you have to KISS!you get a group of people( boys and girls) and spin a bottle. who ever the bottle points to, the person who spon it has to kiss.Everyone sits in a circle(boy,girl,boy,girl) with a bottle in the middle and you take turns spinning the bottle. When its your turn you spin the bottle and then you have to kiss the person the top of the bottle is facing. If the person is the same sex than you spin again.a group of 4 or more people sit in a circle and they spin an empty pop bottle- usually made of glass- never played with a plastic one!  But u take turns and each person spins the bottle and wherever the bottle ends up landing- u kiss the person it is pointing tooEveryone sits in a circle with an empty bottle in the center of the circle. The person who spins the bottle has to kiss the person the bottle points to. If the bottle lands on a boy and your a boy, walk away or you'll be scarred for life.you play having all your guests like sit around... table.  then you get an enpty bottle and spin it on the table. whoever the pionts to thats who the spinner has to KISS!!! hope your guests aren't nerds!!!ITS A BORING GAME!!!You get some friends/family members, get a bottle, sit in a circle, then spin the bottle.
we just use flour,water and food color! thats a recipe thts been around for a long time!!http://www.webmomz.com/resources_playdough.shtmlI Know its with cool aid and something else...hotwater and flowerSomeone has already posted how to make it, but you know now a days, it is just as cheap and a lot less hassle to go and buy some from the dollar store or Wal-mart.take some money and go to walmart is how I do it  I am sorry for being smart about it but homemade playdough stinks really bad!  I know cuz I was a poor teenage mom that had to make her kids playdough back in the day!My favorite is for Kool-Aide playdough.  It makes great colors and smells good, too..  . .     2 1/2  c             Flour.       1/2  c             Salt.     2      pkg           Unsweetened Kool-aid.     2      c             Boiling water.     3      tbsp          Vegetable oil.  . Mix dry ingredients.  Add water and oil, stir.  Mix or knead with hands when cool.  Store in Ziploc bag or container with lid.  Lasts for several months.
You can't. Quite a bit of the game is built around the key blade. Plus a sword wouldn't do you any good against the Heartless. Later on you'll win other key blades you can swap yours out for with other specialties, if that's any consolation for you!You can't that's just to set your battle statsyou don't keep it. the weapons in the begining only represent what you want to be strong in during the game
Athletic games for just the countries once owned by Great Britain.The Commonwealth Games is a multi-sport event held every four years involving the elite athletes of The Commonwealth. The first such event, then known as the British Empire Games, was held in 1930. The name changed to British Empire and Commonwealth Games in 1954, to British Commonwealth Games in 1970 and assumed the current name of the Commonwealth Games in 1978. It can involve any countries still or formerly associated with the former British Empireolympics for the british empire and associated countries.NIKE, Chicky S gave a very accedemic answer to your quession. You might not get a better one anytime soon
I know it's gross but spit in them!!Seriously no joke.  Spit in them...wipe it around the goggles then rinse them out in the water.  It's taught in SCUBA classesThey ship with a protective coating on them, take that coating off with some tooth paste, just the plain white kind and your fingers. You may also need to spit in them every now and then.  Getting that coating off is the biggie though.  You can also buy products at your local dive shop that will prevent fogging.
I am a life guard, and scuba certified, wash them with soap, dry at home.. When you reach the swimming pool right before using them, spit a small amount of saliva inside and apply evenly a tiny layer with your tongue or finger. Result is garantied and it is well utilised around the world scuba diving on googlesThere are commercial anti-fog products, they look like big glue sticks. Rub it on the inside and spread it around, that will keep your goggles fog-free. They're cheap, maybe a few bucks apiece, and one will last you a long time.sounds horrible but is a old divers trick. spit works. rub. it over the inside surface.rub soapy water on them More soapUSE SOAP AND SCRUB IT ON YOUR GOGLESJust spit or lick the inside of themthere is a product called Cat Snot.sounds gross,i know,but it works very well and only one applacation and it lasts for about 15-20 diveswhat the firast guy said actuaalyy does work with spitYou only use toothpaste to getting packing seal off o the inside of a new mask if you dint rib it with abrasive toothpaste or soft scrub no matter how much you spit it will keep fogging.. . There are anti- fog sprays, but the sure dint work as well as good ol fashioned free spit!. . Good luck happy diving!You can spit into them and rub it around, but I normally lick the inside and then quickly rinse them in the water.i believe there is also a spray you can buy at stores that sell snorkel gearwell yes the quick fix is to spit in it and i dont mean a quick patuey   i mean hock a lugie in that thing...  other than that there are products on the market for just that.  also hear shaving cream rub it in and rinse off  but nothing works perfectly just spit and rinse and if you get some fogging while you are down.... break the seal flood and refill with air
How is this person a nerd? I think there is some thing where you get a water jet that lifts you off the ground and over into it? How far are you in the game? I almost beat it but had to return it to blockbuster.well, you have to describe where in noki bay.... . . is it... ?Mario Party and Mario Sunshine are two different games. Please elaborate on your question.NERD
If you take 1 from minus 19 you get minus 20. . is that what you mentyou use up 365 days from your 19th birthday ...If you take one from 19, that gives you 19. Plus you is 20.
Loss of creativity.so you have to buy number 3So they can get us to buy Halo 3 and make even more money!  lolVERY good question my friend. Probab;y because they were hoping to get the "cliffhanger" effect so you'd be a good little lemming and rush right out to get an XBox360 inorder to be ready when Halo 3 is released since it won't be available on the regular XBox. Yay marketing!It's called a cliffhanger, it's main purpose is to get you interested in the next sequel. I don't know about you but it worked for me.So you will subscribe to XBox Live.I bet they ended it so they could get it out on the market fasterbecause halo three takes over read the books if youve got the timeThis game pissed me off so bad at the end that I nearly chucked my controller through the screen.  I was all set to jump head on in to the final battle that when the cut scene ended, I screamed at the screen for ending like that.  As to why they did it...I think that they spent so much time and energy on getting the online play so beefed up, that they didn't spend enough time developing a longer story arc and also to make sure that there were no more delays in releasing it.  Don't get me wrong, there were tons more story items in 2 than there were in the first one, but it was all condendsed into that 7 hour period it took to beat the game.  To this day, I haven't played Halo 2 since I beat it.  I got it the day it came out.The game developers at Bungie had to already push the release date back after setbacks slowed production. The public was very impatient and the game developers had to finish the game fast. Therefore, they put on a cliffhanger ending that fuctioned as both a easy finish and marketing ploy.
um.....i dont know.go somewhere 2 fix or trade it in 4 a new 1ur xbox is broken u should go and get it repairedIf this X-Box was purchased at the begining of the X-box era, then more than likely you got an X-Box that has the "Early Bug". Basically this is where the product is so new that it still has problems that have to be worked out. The only solutions are to have the system repaired by the X-Box company, or to just buy an all new system. I would recomend the new system to insure that you have recieved a better quality X-Box.I know what you'r goin through with this because I too had one of the early systems.
Do you have a checking account?  If so, set up a Paypal account and find a store that accepts that.Send a wire trasfer or check and money order to the online suppliers.. . Usually wire transfer is fast.you use cash or a check in a storeuse cash
what kind of templates? all kinds of craft templates. http://www.diygiftpackage.com/. http://mssscrafts.com/crafts/xmas/You need to contact the company that issued the March issue of the magazine you are referring to.  Your question is not clear.. . If you type "craft templates" into your search box, you might find what you need.
just go to mail.yahoo.com and you'll automatically see.you'll need their password....1 - www,yahoo.com. 2 - In the top of the page (( Mail )). 3 - Enter HIS email address . 4 - FPRGET YOUR PASSWORD. 5 - ANSWER HIS SECRET QUESTIONYou can't find out if someone has a message. That's not possible with any email service and that's definitely not allowed. So, just wait until the person writes you.
go to yahoo games and click on the avatar button where you can customize it!!Follow the link below. if that does not work simply click your user name and think clikc "edit my info" It is as simply as that.Go to avatars.yahoo.com.  Click on the appearance, apparel, etc to create your avatar.  Then, click “save changes.”  Next, click on your nickname (example: mine is Q).  Once that loads, click on Edit My Profile.   Select “Use my Yahoo! Avatar.” (You can also edit your avatar from here.)  Hope this helps!  :)
Yea it is on Sonic. Chaos are those little pet thingies. You can go to a field thing or something and play mini games with it.in sonic heroes is the emeraldsThere are chaos emeralds,(Which let sonic become a super version), Chaos (cute pets you can raise on Sonic Adventures 1 and 2, and sonic advances 1 and 2.) Or the guardian of the chaos emeralds from sonic adventure 1.its just like the name of the emeralds or something like that. cant quite remember
really detailed counted cross stitch pieces or reading a book...both require total concentration which in turn makes me relaxed if I don't have to "multi-task" as I do all day. long at work. Plus not being interrupted is bliss.shopping because it makes me happy.. cleaning because I like having things neat and orderly.
actually if you use a private server and jagex finds out they will ban your account.  and  your server would have to be linked to jagexs(if it was they would catch you for sure) or the accounts wouldn't exist on it or if you copied your account the jagex one wouldn't change unless you hack jagex almost daily.Howdy, I used to play runescape quite a bit, I'de be more than glad to give you a hand.. . I can't help you become rich overnight, but I can help.. . In the mean time, I can give you a link which will provide a handful of helpful tutorials to help you out.  This GameFAQs link should cover your beginner-to-advanced trade skills and combat skills.  (trade skills are how you make money in RuneScape).. . Trade skills, such as clafting, smithing, mining, fletching, etc. are the ways you can make money in RuneScape.  At the end of the day, items and money aren't the main part of runescape, ANYONE can easily die and lose everything.  Your main goal of upkeep is your character's skills (be it fighting or trade).. . http://www.gamefaqs.com/computer/online/game/562728.htmlI think you need the rs source code or something.  I know some of the various clans have it.  They ran theyre own servers just so they could get screenshots of superbanks and thousands of phats and stuff.  So if you have the source code you can probably play rs offline on your own little world but it wont help you much in the real game.  Plus I doubt jagex likes that code being shared.
The card gaming magazines, like Scrye and Duelist, have set lists the month that the set itself comes out. Otherwise, they're in the back of those books in their cardlists. Also, there are varoius sites that have more detailed lists and even let you 'build' you deck so that others can rate it.. . Happy dueling, friend. :3well, there is a percentage chance of getting certain cards in certain decks.  on some forums and websites, they have these percentage chances.
Which Halo? Halo 1 or Halo 2? In Halo 1 you just shoot him/club him. In Halo 2 I don't think you can.shoot him directly in the head and he'll dieHelo rocks! I dunno...you probably can't...even if you kill him,he won't die in the whole game,he has a rare disease that makes him a walking zombie that nothing can kill him.something like youda,he can only be killed by age.Cheat or shoot him in the headHe can't be killed because he's an integral part of the game.Pour gasoline down his throat and shoot him in the belly with a tracer.get a gun & shoot it @ his head.. :)
1. If you have to ask, you won't be able to.. 2. You are asking us how to break the law in a public forum that records your IP.  How smart is that?1) Hacks are for people that can't play the game.. . 2) MOST CS servers have an anti-hacking system built in..    if you hack.. you are banned. . . 3) Why would you want to in the first place?ummm i dont kno but why would u wanna do that?Who gives?
1-1000000000000 cards because it is ultra rare.It is going to be very difficult. Only one person I know has it. I have Uria Lord of Searing Flames,and I wish I had Ravel.But, nonetheless,your chances are 1 out of 250, I'd say.Sorry!!
It means you give up the hand and forfeit all the money you bet.  In effect, you admit that you cannot win the hand and are not willing to bet any more money.You throw your hand in. You give up. You quit the hand.I fold... I give up ---- is that what you meant?go to a tatto parlor get this tattoed on your chest...you're gonna forget it......"weak players always call ....good players always raise & fold". . but seriously folks, folding is no fun, & getting bluffed out of your money when you have strong cards isnt either....thats the price you pay for being a good player....It means you basically give up or quit for that round. You will then be out of the game until the next round.to give up and quit bettingWhere u fold the cards. :)You end you hand....you lay down your cards and are no longer play until the next hand.IT MEANS THAT YOU ARE GIVING UP ON YOUR HAND YOU ARE PLAYING.
Buy the CD. Usually, every chapter has its own CD (I think Ragnarok is at chapter 7, so there are total 7 CDs). To activate new feature, instead of downloading the patch, you can just buy the latest CD.. Btw, you can't play Ragnarok without having Ragnarok installed in your PC (via download or CD).The game has to be installed in your PC in order to play.
A lanyard is a controling line/rope on a boat. Sailing.. And a hook is a special tool used to catch what is out of reach.Depends what the book is about, because a lanyard hook may also be referring to the crafting version, which is used to make key chains and things like that.  They are commonly found on the straps that people use to hold their work keys around their necks.
you have to call AOL to cancel it!When it says dialing (when youre signing on) write down that # and you have to call itI don't know how the cancel, but I have a simple solution: Throw the AOL disk in the garbage as you receive it. Painless & quick.
I have heard of people punching holes in the edges of the fleece (e.g. blanket) and crocheting to that.  Otherwise, I would think of probably crocheting an edging and whipstitching it by hand onto the fleece garmet or blanket.You can't crochet ON fleece, you might be thinking about embroidery.
Open the little trap door on the top of the console in front of the cartridge slot, there should be a cover inside (usually covered with a seal). Remove this also (there should be a small plastic tool that came with your expansion pak, use this) and simply insert the expansion pak in its place and enjoy!dont know
You should try pressing CTRL button while pressing the game with your mouse. It works for me.what game?. is it from a cd?. if not where u get the application?. i would also try retarting ur  computer, and reinstalling the application
if this is a trivia question, its always up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right. he did that in his last MGS game when u decide to grab ur chick whos a partner and gives you that as an answer. if this isn't a trivia question, be more specific.The "Kojima code" is refering to Contra, the code gave your character 30 live's. Then later he added it into other game's as a sort of nostalgia for his fans!!. . Hideo is cool like that!
Online gaming is super popular. The servers of halo 2 have been logged onto for more days then the world has been here. There are millions of people who play online games. Because playing online you have the biggest multiplayer games ever.It's very popular and also very risky.I'm not sure about online gambling but online gaming is extremely popular.i heard its very popular but never done itHow popular?. . 54
Explain the problem to the game moderator in a calm, mature manner.. . In the future, save it to another site before you play, just in case.  My son and grandson got kicked off because someone thought they were one person, playing as two.  They got back on by communicating nicely, and proving they are two people.Try sending a polite, professional email to the game moderators.
do you have java enabled?. . or a popup blocker on?you've gotta download java. same goes if you wanna play other games like bookworm and texttwist and bejeweled.Make sure you have all the latest updates,java script on and your popup blockers off that might help.
Maybe you can make your costume contest into a modeling contest, the reason being there may be a lack of participation/costumes to judge from. By providing the costumes, you can actively involve the audience while describing the clothes in detail with historical knowledge and stuff. Of course, the judging does not need to be very serious or objective. Good luck with your renaissance fair, and have fun!Yaaayyy!!You need to make flyers and tell people when it is and also,if there are restrictions and dress codes for the contest let people know.You'll have to get prizes if your going to have them,and set up a voting booth so students can vote for the best costume.Get those little voting sheets and set up a certain time to have contestants show off their costumes.
u need a memory card and softwere, there are many different types tho, and u need a place to be able to download wat u want.computer and some psp softwarejust read the article i providedyou have to have a big memory card and a 3gp converter. read that article the other guy mentioned, but try to get a better converter than the one the article recomends, it gave me a virus when I downloaded it. plus it sucksyou really only need a usb cable with a b-type connector. (you can get these anywhere) and windows explorer will let you transfer video clips that are in mpeg (2,3,4).. roxio, realplayer, windows media, windows plus, any of these programs will convert the files to mpeg-4 for you. really though, if you are downloading clips from the net, search for them in m-peg 4 and then you'll not have any problems.
Windex works great.wipe it clean with a warm damp cloth, than put a small amount of pledge on it. it makes the puc slide better and helps keep the dust off
I believe national and provincial are pretty much equal. It's a geographic difference i.e., U.S. vs Canada. They are all protected for the use of the populace.don't know
i dont know how to get rid of it for good because it driving me crazy too. but if you press ctrl when you click the game room you wanna go into that should work.go to tools and  it has to say turn pop off on  for you to be able to  to have the block off
buy itBecause you should buy the game.  It works better that way.try here. . http://www.gamecopyworld.com/p2p.
The prince will destroy his dark side and destroy Vizier. After destroy that two, he made up with Farah and tell Farah the story about his journey (like Prince of Persia 1). And the credits roll.check www.gamefaqs.com or www.gamespot.com
They make the ships so that they collapse on themselves forming a thin stick like shape. They slide the stick into the bottle and pull on a string attached to the ship and Viola! A ship in a bottleThe people that do this build the ships using elongated tools, glue and small parts.The ships are built inside the bottle.  They are done very carefully piece by piece until it's done!I'm not sure, but I know how to get one out ;-). . I've seen this done, it was very interesting to see. Something I don't think I will ever attempt.
their uncommon not all that rare their harder to find than regular energy. . but you cant sell it for muchMetal energy cards r uncommonly rare. U probably can sell it 4 5 bucks or somethingNot all that rare. I know 4 people who have it.(I only now 5 that collect)
There is infact a way to do this use doomsday. its a nice handy lil program, i have it, it works fine no spyware or anything.Will tons of versions came out for Doom. I remember it working on the very first one, the original release.You can't enable this.Dunno, but a cheat code to let you live is 'iddqd' for "id denies quick death"
Federation International de Football Association. (soccer). You answered your own question - don't know what you're looking forIt stands for Federation of International Football Association.  How easy was that?!?  lol
for ps2, "need for speed underground". for computer.....hmm.....i dunnoxbox burnout 3 takedown, xbox 360 full auto, ps2 need for speed underground 2, gamecube need for speed most wanted, computer need for speed porsche unleashedby driving da
Pour wax on your girlfriend until she lets out a scream akin to a banshees wail. also know as 'waxing lycially'go on and on and on about something in rhyme.
T-E-T-R-I-S. . . Wonderful game. More places should offer it.I think you can give this suggestion to Yahoo! and may be next time they offer this one alsoTetris is lisenced (like they said above), but there are games sort of like it.  Try Puzzle Express under "Puzzle Games" on the Yahoo! Games sitenintendo owns the rights to it and yahoo would have to pay nintendo everytime they wanted to use it
Perhaps your computer is out of date. Try to purchase more efficient components.VIrusesmaybe there's viruses.. If you have an anti-virus, maybe you need to upgrade your anti-virus software because the older versions of anti-virus softwares can't beat latest viruses.. Also check if your computer is 64 MB RAM ,2MB VIDEO CARD, and 4X cd-rom speedYURI IS A RESOURCE AND MEMORY HOG,I HAVE AND PLAY ALL THAT SERIES,FUN.TRY TURNING OFF EVERYTHNG IN YOUR TASKBAR INCLUDING THE INTERNET AND ITS SECURITY FIREWALL,ANTIVIRAL,ETC.CHOOSE THE LOWEST GAME SETTINGS YURI OFFERS,AND THE LOWEST COLOR OPTION FOR (YOUR MONITOR BALANCED AGAINST YURI)....I RUN ONLY 512 RAM WITH A 2.18 CPU CEILING AGAINST OPTIMAL COLOUR.TRY THIS AND IF NO,E ME AT MY MEDDLENOT CONTACT AND I WILL SEND A COMPREHENSIVE WORK THROUGH,WILL NEED CPU RANGE,RAM,GRAPHICS CARD.press ctrl alt delete and bring up the taskmanager and close all programs that do not need to be running.. all that should be running is systems program for xp-for anything under that explorer should be running with one other program..cant remember what it is tho
We should give more stress over training and stop pampring our kids. we need full devotion towards sports and arts also. what u say?because they make bad olampickiansBecause their grammer and spelling is as bad as this question :)because beef is holy to them
Well there are several different areas of the gaming industry you wan work in. Whether it be testing, graphic art, programming, and many other fields. Most of the time if a gaming company needs a beta tester, they will announce it on their website or soemthing. In order to get that job you'll need to live close to the company.Since you want to get payed for PLAYING video games you want to be a tester so you should go to a companies website look for the jobs link and there will be a Quality Assurance Tester (Game Testing) section which will tell you who to contact to apply and it pays about $10 an hour. It's worth it if you can find enough jobs to make a living.You could try http://www.worldwinner.com/ . It's a site that pays you every time you win a game. I don't know if this is what you're looking for, though.I think there are many magazines and web sites that can help you in this one. I also believe that you can start by being a champion in your town or city and join different cyber tournaments. Then go up the ladder until you reach the top spot. Being a professional videogamer is no easy feat but there are already individuals who made a fortune out of it.
When you are feeding an elastic band through a hem, you put a safety pin on the elastic, and push it through.  The easiest way would be to fold the hem over a string before you sew it, don't catch the string in the sewing, and then pin the elastic to the string and pull it through.sew it at one end first.  and then the other.
go to www.gamefaqs.comr1,r2,l1,l2dude when your in the casket theres a bar that keeps going up and all u have to do is keep hittiing buttons really fast....i live on wrestilng i used that techniue beforeThere's a bar and on the bar you have to stop the ball in the little blue box. If you do it right, you'll catch the door with your hand and get out.
That sounds great. Try the link below. It gives you an idea of what materials to use, what designs are good, the rough prices, a whole glossary of items, etc.. . Hope that helps and good luck.Just play any Tony Hawk game. They have the coolest designs.
Square-Enix is the merger of Squaresoft and Enix Corp.Squaresoft is just the company formerly known as "Square".  Square-Enix is SquareSoft partnered up with Enix games, the company that started the Dragon Quest franchise--they've been teamed up for nearly 3 years because their main purpose: to make RPGs.
Like all computers, it's not at all smart.  It just does what it's told.On a scale of Town Idiot to Stephen Hawking. It's Jackie Chan smart...who, if you didn't know is the 33rd smartest person in the world as of 2005.
Lego is coming out with the next version of their Mindstorms Robotics kit, called Mindstorms NXT. If you really want to "build your own robot," then I suggest you start saving 'cause it's gonna set you back $250.go buy one from radio shack then tweak it to make it do what you want.
To get a six pack of beer into the recycle bin?  Drink six cans, then crunch six cans.  Your answer is six.. . For your next question, ask Mister Owl how many licks it takes to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop.I stopped doing crunches years ago, and now I have a twelve pack!3alot!!!getting a six-pack is more about having low body fat than crunches.  true, working your abs and increasing them will show through more fat, but you still have to be pretty lean.
If you have satellite, press the Guide button. The mini description of the program will say if it is a new episode or a repeat.. . Not sure if cable has this feature.Be a nerd and remember who is at the table and what hands they end up with.. . It's fun predicting hands you've already seen. ;)
OMG, hav u ever seen, Meet The Fokers? the movie? well it's gr8...u should c it if u haven't, really, u shoud! :Ddunno, but you should go to www.wsopfreerolls.com. Great for beginners and experienced players
Go to the toolbar on top of the screen. Click "My Gaia". It will take you to a page where you can modify your profile. To change the background and etc., click on "Theme".i dont know but i have one too it is madman32395
When You Say Restart, You Mean Like Erase All Current Data And Start Nintendogs All Over Again?. . Well, The General DS Process To Erase DS Game Card Game Data (which works for nintendogs) Is Pressing The "A", "B", "X", "Y" (the 4 buttons on the right of the ds) And The 2 Shoulder Buttons "L" And "R" (on the literal shoulders of the ds) Simultaneously, All At The Same Time, That Is, To Erase All Saved Data... . Note That Once You Do This, You Cannot Recover The Data Back..try www.gamefaqs.comYou can only have one saved Nintendogs file. It starts automatically when you start the game.
Call playstation and tell them you have a problem with your PS2.  Don't do it yourself, Sony put a seal on it and you can't take it apart without breaking that seal.  If the seals broken, they won't help you.take it to a game shop. if you don't know how to fix it don't bother you may just make matters worst.
Copy MP3's into the directory 'mp3' in the game's installed directory. Then run the game and change the radio station to 'MP3 PLAYER'. You can adjust the volume in the audio options.It depends on which one it is, and what platfrom its on.you must have an xbox first then check your radio stationsif you mean to play some cool mp3-s from your computer in GTA .... just go to folder where you intaled the game . There should be a folder named radio or music .... copy some files there and that's it ... while you are playing GTA scroll the mouse until you hear thouse songs ... done :D
Once an employee has enough Talent Badges, you should be able to make them your manager. Click on the person with the badges, then choose management, and one of the options should be..."Promote to Manager" or something similar to that.When you hire an employee over the phone, you can see what skill points and talent badges they have earned.  A sim with 5 talent badge points can become a manager.  A bronze badge is worth 1 point, a silver badge 2, and a gold badge is worth 3.  Once you've hired the sim and call them in to work, you can perform the interaction "Manage >> Promote".i would ask this question at www.thesims2.ea.com  you will get an answer right away + it is free.
daxter is only for psp. its gonna be awesome and i'm definitely gonna get it. i don't know where you can get a demo but trust me when i say that its gonna be worth it to buyto anyone who answers this after me: is Daxter for PS2 also?u go to  a site. DuhI don't knowi got a PSX.. Japanies version!
because it is so addicting and it gives me something to do when i get bored at work. :-)don't know but it drives me crazy an I'm addicted to it like this yahoo answersI Hate ItI DUNT... THERE'S NO POINT PLAYIN IT WHN EVERYWHERE U GO IT KILLES U!!! DAT'S Y I STOP PLAYIN IT!! NO FUN IT DAT IS THERE!!. . **LIL MISS VIXION**I don't. Give me Freecell any day and every day. I am currently at 37,000 and counting.It's fun!  There's a trick to it too!its a good time passer. on most computers.  why do you like it?It makes me smarter.I don't. I can NEVER win!I dont like it because as soon as I click on it it frezesthere is a glitch in the game and a way to cheat. . you press a series of keys and there is a little black square in your right top left hand corner of your monitor screen and when it turns black, there is a mine. . man, im a nerdbecause its so addicting and ive only won twice! why do u like it?I like minesweeper because it is challenging and addictive. I finally won the expert level a couple weeks ago!i dont knowits a very challenging gamei can never win that game so why is it so addicting?kills time at work...I dont... I have never won before and i probably never will!!!I don't like the game Minesweeper. It's annyoying, I tried and tried to figure that game out but could not...Just when i thought i was getting the hang of it....i always picked a bomb....not for me, i like the word games.
any image will, on older TVs, if the image is left there enoughit usually just happens on projection tvs.  But its because there is a icon there on that spot the whole time your playing, like your health bar or ammo.
usually a patch is to fix errors or bug in the programming that allows for exploits of the game, also some patches are done to prevent further problems with past expansions or to prepare the game for future or existing expansions of the game. On a side note though patches are often attributed with nerfing, which is when the game developers remove or reprogram parts of the game that gave certain class/race characters an edge or specific items which had attributes that they thought were created out of balance with the game. Hope that helped and remember kids, JUST SAY NO TO NERFS!!!a patch is something that can fix a bug and add some things to the game that you attach it to, like an expansion pack.A patch is a kind of download to make a program safer or faster. It can be used to make a game better. like if a Virus infects the program the company makes a patch that gets rid of it.The patch is something that fixes a bug.
go to www.gamefaqs.comyou don't..not that I know of..I've played it since it was new and never have opened or had to open a trunk. I think you might be able to knock it off from damaging it but I don't think you can manually open it.Use the triangle button on car door.
Get the PC version of the game. If it's like Night Fire,. you install it. Then once installed, you put the disk in, every time you're going to play it. When you get defeated in any one part of and you play again, it reverts to the previous part.you need a memory thing that fits in the bottom of your controller. They're pretty much obsolete but I found 1 at a pawn shop.You need a memory card, its the same type of thing that the PS2 and GCube use.  If you have a Gamestop or Electronics Boutique somewhere near you chances are they will have a used one.  If not there's always ebay
Ill tell you iv heard some really crazy things and i mean some  things i heard are just plain retarded like smearing peanut butter on game and wiping it off,even herd some say put it in the toilet bowl and flush it.But i would take it to a game store and have them buff it or you can just buy your own buffing Kit they are pretty handy to have around.I will tell you one trick that i always do and it seems to work most of the time,don't freak out now i know this sounds weird(lol)but it works..take the C.D. and wipe it on your forehead so that the oil gets on the C.D. use a soft cloth like a cotton shirt to smear it around,then blow on it to fog it up ya know i mean,and wipe it off.Like i said i know it sounds weird but i do it all the time.take it to your local video store and ask them to buff it for you.depends on how bad it is and is it urs or ur child's game??  if it is a child's game let me recommend the disk dr or whatever its called.  just because kids tend to tear stuff up two and three times and maybe more!!!Take it to a video game store, they will do it, but not for free.I DONT THINK U CANMost game stores, electronic stores, or video stores have the equipment to fix them (if they are not to bad).  Sometimes its just as cheap to get a new one.
practice, practice, practice!  you have to be very, very good to be a grandmaster, not just able to beat your little brother (unless he is a grandmaster).  Try joining a local chess club, play online, maybe subscribe to a chess magazine. Sooner or later, start going to tournaments and try to get your rating up.practice. play more. go to training camps. play a grandmaster.lets see practice play like every second of your life, play in turneys (to become famous) and beat Grandmasters AND your computer alot cause just like you other people WILL come back and kick your ass if your not a true masterYou just have to learn the game. Read books,play the game.
I keep all mine in 3 drawer totes, Seperated into several groups, New fabric (more than 2 yards) and scraps, and small scraps, Then they are broken down into fabric types ( ei. calicos and light weights, Corduroy and heavy weights, Mid weights and knits) then broken down into colors, It is very easy to see what I have and make selections. Granted the 3 drawer totes do take up a decent amont of room (i have 4 totes double stacked and 1 skinny 3 drawed for the small scraps) But It works great for me considering I have an entire room dedicated to my sewing and crafts. And Another perk of the totes are if you dont fill them entirely with fabric they hold other lots of other things too :)I hang the fabric pieces on multi hangers like the ones in the picture.  I cover the whole thing (tunic style) with muslin to protect the fabric. I can lift up the muslin to choose the fabric I want. . (hangers):http://www.stacksandstacks.com/html/22000_clothes-hanger-multiple-skirt-set-of-2.htm
The cheats are utilized for debugging. It allows the developer to get past certain events, yada yada while testing the game out.. . Often, the cheats are then left in because they are then difficult (though not impossible) to weed out. Also, it's kinda' fun to see if someone can figure them out, or how long it takes until they're 'leaked'.Developers put cheat codes in games so they can test the game without actually accomplishing its goals, mission, etc.  This way they can check for bugs without spending so much time playing it.  For example, with The Sims, there's a cheat for money, that way the developers can have zillions of dollars to play with and not have to wait to make money.It is because before they can publish a game, it must be tested.  The cheat codes help the designer/tester play through the game and get to certain checkpoints quicker than playing the game all the way through.Yea what those guys said about the testing is true and that's how it started, but they keep them in not only because it's difficult to take out, but gamers have come to expect it in a game. Part of the fun is finding the cheat codes or when you're stuck, using them to get over a difficult section. Even if the developers could remove them with ease, they wouldn't because the fans love cheats.I don't know, but I think it's stupid.- It makes it easier to test the game.... . - Programmers are gamers themselves... if you were making a game wouldn't you put cheatcodes in if you could? Sometimes there are cheatcodes which are never discovered by the end user!So they can publish cheat books and sell them for more money.They put in cheat codes to expand the life of the game either while it is being played or after it is beaten. For example- I own Grand Theft Auto™: San Andreas, its a great game but can be even better when you put in cheats such as "super high bunny hops." Cheat codes make the game last longer and in most cases more fun.so that it gives people more to look forward to and it helps people get more into the game because they want to go out and research the game
Hehe,I love that cheat code,leared it the day after buying the game. :PIt's possible in The Sims 2 to move a new family to a house costing more than 20,000 simoleons. JUst move them into a lot costing less than 20,000 and when you are in the lot, click Ctrl + Shift + C to open the cheat menu, and type motherlode to earn 50,000 simoleons. Repeat as desired, until you get to buy the house that you wanted that costs more than 20,000 simoleons.
dude i feel sorry for you because you bought such a bad game. good luck with that. waste of moneygo to www.gamefaqs.com or www.gamespot.com for help
Rinse it in warm water first, wring it out and lay in the sun for drying. You can do all of this while it is still wrapped to make it easy.GOT ME.
Harrington on Hold'em. Play like the book tells you and you'll win a hell of a lot morethe everything poker strategy book by john wenzel   it's the one I first read and I win 90% of the time.  the times i lost are because of some bad beats and my own mistakes..
Use one of peer-to-peer softwares, here are some :. Kazza, Imesh, DC++Great idea. ... xD ... a smile on the rocksmaybe you should just buy it - a lot better quality and guarenteed no viruses.i downloaded it from emule, try itit's easy.......if you want to download ff7 on internet just go to http://www.gamewinners.com.try www.gamevn.com . they will help you 24/24
just try 2 set ur audio system and attach it wires through the UBSyou should be able to just hook up the speaker system with the audio wire that's on the ps2.just take the 2 audio wires and run them to the back of your dvd player and still plug your video cable into the t.v. your dvd player should have audio ins and different settings for dvd aux1 aux2.
Look for them in the phone book. I used to buy replacement parts direct from them but don't have the number anymore.Is the pad held on by a screw or is it stuck on? Any way most tool or hardware stores have replacement kits that could work for it.~:)=
go to PENPAL.COM and sign up it is free you will be able to contact plenty of folks from around the worldyeah what do you want to know?Well theres plenty of ways now-a-days, I met a great group of people about a year ago on a game called Counter Strike Source. As far as gaming is conserned, you can meet alot of people on MMORPG games, alot of those games require alot of stratigy and thinking as well as number crunching also like Anarchy Onling and Neocron but some, if they are anything like World of Warcraft, theres not much number crunching involved, but htese are games where you can log on and chat to many diffrent people and some even in different countries.  I would sugest Anarchy Online to meet people because they have a free trial that has lasted for like 6 months and the community is friendly for the most part and its a fun game.. .   Other than that, you can do a search at google, MSN, Yahoo and other search engines for chat rooms and stuff, you can also build a myspace web site and meet alot of people there, same for yahoo360.
You need to get it from the router if it is on your network, it will be a PASSWORD that generates up to 4 access codes, look in your router tables.. . to access your router you would go to internet explorer and type in something like 192.168.15.1 or maybe 192.168.1.1 into the ADDRESS bar and then you will need to log in to it..  or. . If it is a wireless provider they will give you a code along with the SSID for their servicean intense article with much tech data:. . (oh, btw, windows me is the absolute defining moment of  "worst ever."  upgrade already.)
the more respect you have the more gang members.&#92;. . for Ps2 lock on to them then hit "up" on the D-pad. . they will start to follow you if you have enough respect.go to www.gamefaqs.com for tipsIf you are playing in PC, then type the cheat "rocketmayhem", and you will recruit people with rocket launchers.On Playstation 2. You aim at one of your members and press the up d pad button. It depends on how much respect you have and how many gang members you are allowed to recruit at the time.It depens on what platform you're playing. Aim to your gang member, and press F or G (I forget which one, sorry). But you must earn respect enough.
Could you clarify the question, seems a little vague.  SorryIf you are talking about yahoo chess.  You just click on their names.  If they are not there, then you can't notify them until they are log back on.Sorry, but this question is too vague to answer.You write your name, address, bank account and GF's name on a yellow post-it and glue it to his forehead.
Insert a wrong cheat (you typed it wrong or the code's wrong) or your need a newer version of VGBA.. But either way, it's because you use cheats.obviously, it must be some kind of glitch in the system, have a look for a newer version. Or simply reset and try again.Have you entered the cheat correctly? Entering the wrong cheat can screw up the variables the game is processing at the time.
Wow.. I thought I had heard just about everything.. . Because you are supposed to BUY THE GAME.  Not get the serials from somewhere else.. . Welcome to the cracked world of 'hacking'  Yeah.. you can get it for 'free' but with a price, and that's just one of them.If there are several versions of the same game make sure u have the right version number hack for the game u have.
Mancala is a family of board games played around the world, sometimes called sowing games or count and capture games, which comes from the general gameplay. The best known games of this family in the Western world are Oware, Kalah, Omweso, and Bao. Mancala games play a role in many African and some Asian societies comparable to that of chess in the West.Ever heard of cubic? It's like star trek style tic tac toe. it has 4 levels of 4x4 grids and the object is to complete a row, colum or diagonal in any direction. lots of fun.STRATEGO.. UPWARDS.No need to go back through the centuries! Europeans are churning them out all the time - Americans are just unaware for some strange reason. Try Carcassonne, Settlers of Catan, Through the Desert, Puerto Rico, Ticket to Ride, Bohnanza, Bang, Elfenland, Power Grid, Alhambra, Union Pacific, Acquire... I could go on forever. There are lots of websites where you can buy them -. http://www.timewellspent.org/content/home.php. http://www.funagain.com/control/main. http://www.gamesurplus.com/site/index.cfm. http://www.fairplaygames.com/. http://www.bouldergames.com/news.asp. The prices and shipping can vary pretty wildly, so you might want to try this website to search for the best prices:. http://michaelareed.com/boardgamesearch/sequence is one, very fun, and another is kazink, both games take a little strategy and a little luck but very fun.. Not sure where to buy them though, our games were given as a gift.Spivs it's an 80's? space themed board game where you trade aliens.. . Samurai- cant remember it just that it had red and black samurai people for pieces. . . Masterpiece - you deal in paintings and have auctions.go or i-go. Go is an ancient game that originated in China, with a definite history of over 3000 years, although there are historians who say that the game was invented more than 4000 years ago. Its name comes from the Japanese name Igo, which means "surrounding boardgame". The board is marked by a grid of 19 horizontal and 19 vertical lines to form 361 intersections. Of the 361 pieces, 181 are black stones and 180 are white. The player with the black stones begins by placing a stone on any intersection. The players alternate turns. The object for each player is to form an “eye,” that is, to completely encircle the opposing player's stones. The stones within the eye are then removed from the board. Scores are tallied by subtracting the number of stones a player has lost from the number of stones the player has remaining on the board.. . u can learn playin Go at http://www.senseis.xmp.net. . you can try playin it at yahoo games.My all time favorite is Mastermind, but thats a little popular.  How about the Nightmare games from the 80's.  There were 4 and they came with videos that you had to watch as you played.
I did'nt know you could open the cage door I thought you could only climb the cage?You can open the Hell in a Cell door. Just run towards it by pressing triangle. You can not open the cage door in the Cage matches. It's impossible.
ON the pause menu look for "Map".you can do the above...or u can use the map they give you!I feel like am driving in real life!!if they didnt give u one, u got ripped off....oh my bad!!i thought ur talking about san andreas..do they have maps in III?yeah, like he said. pause first.
DOING THE FOLLOWING IS NOT LEGAL UNLESS YOU OWN A REAL PSX AND NON-PIRATE GAMES.. . you need to download a psx emulator which makes your pc "act" like ps1 hardware. Visit http://epsxe.com/ and download the Epsxe PS1 emulator. What you need after this is to download a bios for PS1 and get video and audio plug-ins however, bios is not legal to download unless you own a real ps1. Plugins can be found in http://sourceforge.net/projects/peops/. If you own a PS1 you can just google or use other p2p to get a "psx bios".. . When you get everything, put them in one piece and run epsxe, a config screen will pop up. Adjust and play.. . Good luckI Have PS1 Emulator. Just give me ur email address & i will send it.you can search for Emulators on the web . just install theses on your PC and you're ready for Action
I bought a box of Pokemon topps cards for my daughter a couple years ago at a card show. Since she already had a bunch we had bought from our local dealer, I knew what the real ones looked like. As we opened a few packs I noticed some glaring irregularities. First the topps logo was blue on the real cards, black on the fake ones. The real foil inserts were glossy and smooth to touch, the fake ones were blurry and rough, bumpy feeling. A few spelling mistakes on the fake ones. My daughter didn't notice, she was happy to have them, but now she has 2 sets a blue topps logo one and black logo one.U should take the 2 a pro. dealer & have them verified.fake cards somtimes have spelling mistakes and somtimes be a little bit blurry
try setting up the cards beforehand and when it comes to shuffling just use a fake overhand shuffledo you mean like in a casino or at home? if at home you can shuffle the cards in such a way so as to have them come out in the order you want.Or you talking about online or in real. If online, people send im, which is cheating. Or you could have 2 people with computers in the same room playing.Hide the Ace of spades in your pants, exchange the card(s) when the other team is not looking :-)
You can't.  You CAN get an idea of what they're thinking/feeling by studying their facial expressions and responses.Reading persons mind is very easy. But for reading a persons mind it is very important to know that person. The more you know the person the easier it gets to read a persons mind. It gets really tough to read a persons mind if you dont know him.. Concentrating on his eyes is the key thing in reading his mind.
Crash Bandicoot 9000Okami looks fun and intuitive also if you like final fantasy you may want to check dirge of cerberus out.MLB 2K6 because it may be the best baseball game of the year.Final fantasy 12.  It looks cool and keeps the continuous saga alive.Kingdom Hearts 2 is the next best game that is coming out on PlayStation 2! I think so because the characters are cute and the game is action packed. March 28, 2006!
press restartrestart game. After loading Nintendogs, on the screen where the Nintendo logo is on top and copyright information on the bottom, press and hold L + R + A + B + X + Y simultaneously to delete your data from the cartridge
contact Inventors Submission Corp. They'll help you copywright it, and patent it, then they'll help you market it to companies. . It does cost money, but if you want to make money, you have to spend money!Implement it somewhere like in a local college,day care, or anywhere that has young people targetted to your games age group to see how it runs. Then go to corporations like walmart or banks and seek sponsorship for small scale production.Do not contact Inventors Submission Corp.. . Most inventors bring their new concept to a licensing agency, who will present their idea to manufactures and negotiate a license agreement on their behalf.. . Contact - Anjar Co. ( http://www.anjar.com/index.html... ). Buy this book - The Toy and Game Inventor's Handbook by Richard C. Levy and Ronald O. Weingartner. . ------------------------------. . Good luck !I can help you sell it on the internet if you like. You can try selling it individually through sites like ebay or a personal commerce site where people can order directly with their credit-cards. Or you could contact a distributor, a large company which will either make your game for you and sell it giving you a percentage, or will take the mass produced game and sell it for you giving you a larger percentage. If you are interested e-mail me at b251982@hotmail.com
I am havn the same hitch! please IM R email me if u find out u will. I,ll do likwise!!!!go to www.gamefaqs.com or www.gamespot.com for help
click on any area in the mindsweeper game.. a number will be displayed.. if its 2 that means the adjascent boxes around that number will be having 2 bombs in it.. likewise for each number.. if u click on a ny blank box (without any number) it will uncover its adjascent cells... . Go play the game..when a number is displayed ... that's how many squares are next to it, that contain a bomb. The bomb can be up, down, side or diagonal.Minesweeper is a challenging game of strategy and luck.  You are presented with a mine field, and your objective is to locate all the mines as quickly as possible.  To accomplish this task, you have two tools:  one is a mine detector, the other is your foot.. . In order to locate the mines using these limited tools, use the following approach:  . . 1Step on a square with your foot.. 2If the square is a mine, you're dead.. . 3If the square isn't a mine, your mine detector informs you of the number of mines in the surrounding eight squares.  . . Continue to step on squares until you either uncover all the squares without mines and win or step on a mine and die.. . You can use the counters at the top of the playing area to keep track of your progress.. . The counter in the upper-left corner of the playing area initially indicates the number of mines hidden in the mine field.  Every time you mark a square, this number decreases by one.. . The counter in the upper-right corner of the playing area is a timer, which displays your playing time in seconds.  The faster you find all the mines, the better your score.. . The object of Minesweeper is to clear the board of mines as quickly as possible without stepping on a mine.  The following section explains how to play the game.. . . To Choose a Skill Level:. . From the Game menu, choose Beginner, Intermediate, or Expert.  The higher the skill level, the larger the mine field.. . To Start a New Game:. . From the Game menu, choose New, or press F2.. . To Step on a Square:. . Point to the square, and click the left mouse button.. . To Clear Around a Square:. . Point to the square, and click both the left and right mouse buttons.. . To Mark a Square:. . Point to the square, and click the right mouse button.. . Note:  To remove a mark, point to the square and click the right mouse button again.
Think of the answer that you would like to have to your question. Then move the pointer to the letters on the board that correspond with the answer you were wanting.You normally use a Ouiji Board as part of a seance with more than just one person. Both of you try to concentrate on a certain person/people and then, after you feel like you have someone there in the room, each of you lightly put your two fingers; normally your pointer and middle finger on the message indicator and ask the 'being' a question. After a while, you might feel the message indicator start to move. Keep your eyes closed and your fingers on the indicator while it's moving and when you feel the indicator stop, open your eyes and remember the letter that it falls upon. If you have actually 'grabbed' a spirit (instead of one of you just screwing around), A word or words should spell out. . . DISCLAIMER: I myself will never touch a Ouija board again. True Story; Please learn from my mistake:  Me and 2 of my friends were outside on Halloween night, I think it was in 2002. One of my friends was stupid enough to bring a Ouija board and we all were stupid enough to play it. In this certain night, we managed to 'connect' with a spirit named "John". "John" told us that he drowned in the Mississipi River about 12 years prior to that night. He told us that 4 teenagers found him passed out down near the river. They each grabbed either an arm or a leg, and heaved him into the river. "John" then told us that he didn't know how to swim, and the current drug him under the water, where he hit his head on a rock and went unconcious. Because nobody was around at the time, and none of the kids confessed to the crime, "John"s body was never recovered. . . Upon hearing the story, we all opened our eyes and looked at each other, almost as if saying, "Is this for real?" We were all getting kinda creeped out, looking around to see if anyone else was there. We picked up our things, and headed indoors; all except for the friend that started asking the questions.. .  After about ten minutes or so, she ran inside and slammed the door. We ran to her and asked her what was wrong. Her face was near-pale white and she was sweating bullets. She explained to us that she saw a guy down at the street corner, just staring at her. She came up to the guy and started to talk to him. He said his name was John... . Our eyes bugged out! "John"? OUR "John"?! She told us that he was sopping wet, and that his skin looked all pruney, kinda like it was after taking a really long bath. He grabbed her by the wrists and she told us that she felt so cold, like ice. She showed us her wrist, and there was a set of marks on her, like someone latching on to her and not wanting to let go. She ran as fast as she could to the house and slammed the door behind her. . . Later that same night, after my friend cooled down a little bit, we went to pick up everything. To our horror, the board had been placed on our doorstep with the indicator on "Goodbye" and the blanket was soaked. It smelt like a musky smell, almost like fish. . . I know this might be hard to swallow, but please; take my warning as a true story. Don't try it!!!!Concentrate on the board and the question you asked it.never use a ouija alone. never place the 'eye' on the board without two people holding it. the more people the better. for every person holding the eye that is another person there to help protect you. the eye on the board is an open door to a dangerous placeAs firewood not nice things.  Only contact the other side through a medium/spiritualist. DONT MESS.u dont. it uses youThrow it out a window...throw it in a fire...that's howMy good friend does paranormal investigations and things of that nature, and he says they only attract bad evil spirits. i would not recommend using one. spirits will tell you whatever you want to hear just to get in your house or any other place. if you have one, burn it.s the mediums  on tv that carry out reading advise against it unless you have an expert with you can bring poltergiste into your homeset it up first then ask a question
Because on his medicine bottle it said "take one teaspoon daily.". . (Thank you Bugs Bunny!)i have no idea
Live Action Role Play.. Basically, you get dressed up (cosplay) as some videogame/anime/comic book character and role play different scenarios this character would probably never get into.. It's actually really fun if there's a lot of people doing it at once.Live action role play. It will destroy your reputation forever, in any kind of context.yeah, what the first person said.YEA!!!!
Sorry, I just start playing this game last night.drag the crates to one end of the see saw that faces the wall, does not have to be all the way on, just a bit is fine.  Now go over to the high ledge that's facing the doorway that you are trying to open and jump off the ledge onto the opposite side of the seesaw that has the crate on it.  you will catapult the crates onto floor where you can drag them onto the buttons on the floor.  hope that helps...
hi!. i need to know too!. my name is houshey on millsberry.. look at mine!(plz)theres no cheats peoples~!!. theres hints please join this site and these tips are very helpful i can help u get money!. http://groups.msn.com/millsberrytipsI play millsberry but I am like you I have no idea!i don't know i just started yesterdayI just startedyou just have to press any 12 buttons on the computer at the same time!anything????i tried pressing 12 buttons it doesnt work do u have to be in a specific place or specific buttons :(go to http://www.millsberry.com/tips. . I've never been to it, but pls try!
Read the manual...All the info is there!the code is on the very back of the manual! try it, I used it many times. If it doesn't work, contact sum1 on Sims2.com to ask about your situationi found that my 256  RAM was too little, so i added memory by physically installing more RAM.  It was running really choppy and taking long pauses  -with the extra memory it worked much better.  Also - make sue you've shut down all background applications except the vital ones to keep the computer working - there's more details about that in the instruction book.What are the specs for your system? Do you know how much RAM you have now? If you don't even meet the minimum specs then it won't run, but I find you need much more than the minimum since the Sims 2 is very graphic intensive and a memory hog. I have 1gig of ram and ATI Radeon 9600 video card. Sim 2 works great for me.double click the shortcutyou can buy ram from the computer shops if the speed of the game is not the problem then try finding a crack from the internet if you cannot find a crack you can go to www.emule-project.net and download emule then from it you can download a crack form emule.
You do it with a sponge, gently...hopefully not the day after you put the grout on (all is not lost if it's hardened a lot, but you'll become really good friends with a scotchbrite pad and a lot of elbow grease). Typically, you wait for the grout to set for about an hour, just like you were doing tile...and the start the wiping off process.  Get most of the muck off the mosaic pieces, and give it a rest again...then go at it with a clean sponge that's barely damp.  You should finish with a dry, clean soft cloth, just to get rid of any residue.. Don't forget to seal it!It should be easy with a damp spongeUse a sponge dampened with vinegar.It can be tricky but if you sponge off the grout while it is still wet you can get away with it.
so which word are we trying to do, theyre both spelled differentlywell using your second option??? I would say rhubarb??rhubarb, barb, bah, hub, burr
Certain ones have special electronic crack in them that makes you addicted.  Like Empire At War, and Diablo 2, and World of Warcraft, and OBLIVION baby.video games trigger a part in your brain that keeps wanting more... its like cake, when you have one bit you want to keep having more.Some like to watch movies for a sense of escape.  Others read books.  For me, video games are my escape from reality.  You can use stealth in Metal Gear Solid, interrogate (torture) people in The Punisher, even cause all the mayhem you want in Grand Theft Auto.  You can do things in video games that would normally put you in jail if done for real.Because deep down we truly want to be a conqueror of worlds, a champion of sports, the savior of the oppressed.  It's being able to sit down for a story that you can play and interact with and live out your cool fantasies.if u ask me it dont trasform ur brain or anything to counteract what that guy jus said its like controllin whats on tv or controlling a movie an it gets addicting after awhileTHEY HAVE MIND CONTROL RAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LMAO!!!Because the Japanese planned it that way.  It is their way of getting back at the world because they were on the losing side of the war.  . . But seriously, it is because our empty minds must be occupied somehow, and video games fill in the blank nicely.because they're cool like your playing a real life story and entertaining.because everything else is no fun...games fill a void and satisfy needs and such...plus...games are sexxxxyyyyy lol
Not to be rude either, but first of all most people did not get what you just typed. Second, they took them off because people were saying things that should be in adult chat rooms, even though I find that what people talk about is not very mature.okay what??Go ahead... let it all out, you will feel much better!. Seriously, Im not sure why they took them off.... . Peacehappy easter? im a buddhist! hahaha sike. learn how to write ghetto girl! nah jus kiddin but really i didn't get your ?.wha?was there a point to that? did I blink and miss it? buggerMy name is Henry the eighth,. Henry the eighth i am i am, . i got married to th widow next door,. shes been married seven, times before. and all of them were a Henry,. wouldnt have a Harry or a Sam,. im her eighth ' ol man im Henry,. Henry the eitght i am i am,. Henry the eighth i am,.   Second verse same as the first,. My name is Henry the eighth,. Henry the eighth i am i am, . i got married to th widow next door,. shes been married seven, times before. and all of them were a Henry,. wouldnt have a Harry or a Sam,. im her eighth ' ol man im Henry,. Henry the eitght i am i am,. Henry the eighth i am, .   Third verse same as the first, . My name is Henry the eighth,. Henry the eighth i am i am, . i got married to th widow next door,. shes been married seven, times before. and all of them were a Henry,. wouldnt have a Harry or a Sam,. im her eighth ' ol man im Henry,. Henry the eitght i am i am,. Henry the eighth i am, .   Fourth verse same as the first,. My name is Henry the eighth,. Henry the eighth i am i am, . i got married to th widow next door,. shes been married seven, times before. and all of them were a Henry,. wouldnt have a Harry or a Sam,. im her eighth ' ol man im Henry,. Henry the eitght i am i am,. Henry the eighth i am, .    Fifth verse same as the first,. My name is Henry the eighth,. Henry the eighth i am i am, . i got married to th widow next door,. shes been married seven, times before. and all of them were a Henry,. wouldnt have a Harry or a Sam,. im her eighth ' ol man im Henry,. Henry the eitght i am i am,. Henry the eighth i am,yadadiwoe! damn dude theres hella places you can go chat about role play.. so breathe..I'm not bein' rude, but please speak English.
DON'T ASK ME.Get one of those CD cleaners, or I've heard that toothpaste can work if you lightly rub in on the scratches, but I've never tried it. I hope you fix it, no one should be left without Vice City! That game rox!
i just move it from my pc to psp via usb cable. just click on my computer and look for the drive that your psp is. could be drive e or f or what ever it is. drag and dropjust connect the psp to the pc and transfer music to the memeory stick using either programs supplied with psp or just drag and drop from pc to memory card, eithere works.1. Connect your PSP to the computer.. 2. make sure music files are in a compatible format like mp3. 3. open the psp's folder on your computer should be there   if it isnt there create it inside the PSP folder name it "MUSIC". (doesnt need to be in caps). 4. then you just drag and drop the music files into your psp's music folder.
use fire alarm near the flamable devices such as stoves, fireplace or call the fireman.You can't put it out yourself. You have to have previously bought a fire alarm for your house. And then if you have a fire, the fire department will come immediatly. You just have to keep your family away from it so they don't die.Pause the game and build a wall around  your SIM and the fire, so that there is no way for the SIM to leave and do other things. Then the SIM will be forced to put out the fire.
storage problems...........just don't use your pants to store liquid. I did. Big mess.because they weren`t the right size and you tried them on to many timesI agree...lolcause you like them that wayThis is game related right? what part of game is this? i think this is bull****, please ask quesstions properly before posting them.you wanted to make a skirt out of thembad juju... admit it, you broke a mirror earlier this year, didn't youTo make them look good?Why are you asking me?You're the one who did it,right?You ought to know why....you were supposed to stop sewing
To answer song no one's objection, ouija boards, and other forms of communication with spirits, may produce unintelligible nonsense even when people are using them without being blindfolded. There have been many authenticated cases of people communicating with "spirits" via ouija boards and receiving responses that none of the users could have known, and that are accurate, and then some of the responses make no sense at all. Something beyond normal communication is definitely at work here, though whether it is actually communication with the dead, or psychic communication with the living, has yet to be established..      I am a horror writer (among other genres) who hasn't sold anything yet. I know something about magic and the paranormal, through my research, and if you're going to use ouija, please never, ever do it by yourself. Somehow, nobody seems to know why, two people playing ouija seems to reduce the risk that a player will receive malign influences. Second of all, don't do it too often, nor for too long a session at one sitting. And if a hostile spirit manifests itself, stop immediately, no matter what. Don't carry on in the spirit of "scientific inquiry", or hoping that it'll tell you something valuable.mrblsi guess, it's from a movie,hahaha ofcourse it's fiction. everytime i would play i would always move that sh*t my self it was fun, i had a ball hahahahah LOL.the wiji board is a board game that you play by yourself or with others, and you ask a question to the wiji board and it replies to you by moving a "needle" or something like that, but yes it is related to scary stuff. oh and i dont think thats how you spell wiji board, but still. i beleive it my friends had some scary encounters by themselves after playing the board game.Thatt's Ouiji board, lad. Ouija (pronounced wee-juh or wee-jee) refers to the belief that one can receive messages during a s?ance by the use of a Ouija board (also called a talking board or spirit board) and planchette. The fingers of the participants are placed on the planchette which then moves about a board covered with numbers, letters and symbols so as to spell out messages.its ouija and supposedly u can talk to the deadits a board to talk to the deadYeah its for devil worshiping.Don't worry they are fun I have one.It is actually an ouija board. It is believed by some that you can ask questions of spirits, and they will use the board to guide you to the right answer. The board has all the letters and also "yes" and "no". You hold an "eye" and ask you question and your hand will be pulled to the letters that spell out your answer.The correct spelling is Ouija and supposedly it works by 2 people holding their hands on a viewer (small piece of plastic or wood with a piece cut out) and spirits answer questions asked by moving the viewer around the board to spell out words etc.  I have used one, pretty freaky, not sure what the secret is!Ouija board letters a to z plus yes/no.  Use a glass with all persons present place finger on it and attempt to contact spirits.  Spirits answer by making glass move to letters in turn to spell wordsA Ouija board is a flat board with letters of the alphabet, numbers, and Yes and No printed on it. With a little pointed 'tool' members of your group ask questions to the 'spirits' and watch the 'tool' move to 'answer' your question. Keep in mind that those of your group are all touching the 'tool' at the time.Ouija boards.  Oui and ja, both of which mean yes, slammed together.. . They came from the spiritualism movement, a craze in the 19th century.  There is a board that has yes and no printed on it and the letters of the alphabet and the numbers 0 to 9.  There is a raised little platform with a hole in it that can be moved around - the little legs often have felt tips to make it easy.. . You put your finger tips on the platform gently and the idea is that "spirits from the Other Side" answer your questions by moving your arm to yes or no or to spell out messages.I wouldn't play whit that if i were you..!It is spelled Ouija but you have the pronouncement correct.  It is a board that is used to contact ghosts and/or demons.  The board has all letters to the alphabet, numbers, yes, no and goodbye.  There is a piece, usually pie shaped, although I have known juice glasses to be used.  In the middle of the piece there is often a clear plastic round place.  People sit around the board and lightly place their finger or fingers on the pie shaped piece and ask a question.  When contact with a spirit or demon is made, the piece begins to move and answers the question.. . Ouija boards are nothing to play with.  I've seen them in action and my friend and I had an experience with one when we were very young.  We were so frightened when it moved by itself that we trashed it.. . Ouija boards are occultic and very dangerous.  My advice, don't try to contact the spirit world.  You may get more than you bargain for.he Ouija board is a game to talk to the dead or something like thathttp://www.skepdic.com/ouija.html. . Ouija board. A Ouija board is used in divination and spiritualism.  The board usually has the letters of the alphabet inscribed on it, along with words such as 'yes,' 'no,' 'good-bye' and 'maybe.' A planchette (a slidable 3-legged device) or pointer of some sort is manipulated by those using the board. The users ask the board a question and together or one of them singly moves the pointer or the board until a letter is "selected" by the pointer. The selections "spell" out an answer to the question asked.. . Some users believe that paranormal or supernatural forces are at work in spelling out Ouija board answers. Skeptics believe that those using the board either consciously or unconsciously select what is read. To prove this, simply try it blindfolded for some time, having an innocent bystander take notes on what letters are selected. Usually, the result will be unintelligible non-sense.. . The movement of the planchette is not due to paranormal forces but to unnoticeable movements by those controlling the pointer, known as the ideomotor effect. The same kind of unnoticeable movement is at work in dowsing. . . The Ouija board  was first introduced to the American public in 1890 as a parlor game sold in novelty shopsa ouiji is the bored with letter and number on it, that suposedly you can ask questioons from the dead and through this tool get the answers, like a form of comunication with the spirit realm
I dont know what sor of a robot you have on your mind.. if it is legged/humanoid.. then probably the answer would be a little difficfult.. but if wheels are ok with you.. just buy a cheap chinese RC toy and rip it off.. notice the connections from the RC module to the motors and all.. and use the motors for driving wheels or connect gears and make a crane or even a robotic arm!! completely depends on how you want to exploit the motor.. this is the easiest or cheapes way I know of to make an RC robot.. RaoVery easy. just look in the instruction paper.research, lot of dedication, fair bit or money, some technical brain, and few tools and parts and lot of knowledgeYou can build a robot out of garbage cans then glue twigs on the sides of your trash can. Add wheels or anything you want to make it go or use a remote controller to guide it just don't forget antenna on it's top head. I'll think it'll look great after it's finished and you are welcomed for answering your robot question.You can do this AWESOME thing online:. . http://www.sodaplay.com/constructor/index.htm. . Then click: "Click here to play" and mess around and have fun!for this , you should have 3 skills at least .. 1.Electronics .. 2.Mechanics.. 3.Computer programming.. . If you personaly don't have these 3 together , then find someone and work on a robot in a team. but you should be patient and try .
Think. Every game I have played, I have beat over time by using the ol' Noodle in my head. I buy the games to test my Brain and win, not want someone telling me how. Just my opinion, Good Luck.dont feel bad i havent beat it either.u have to destrot ansem.my advise keep playing for hours and ull beat it.don't be an idiot. its easy. if ur incompetent, first, you should beat the hades cup tournament. then, the sora alone and time limit challenges. if that's not enough exp. then, choose the battle and keep picking rock monsterthe noodle in my head doesn't really know either, but I know you go to that one place you kill that one guy and you meet that one guy that you haven't seen for a while and you win.Gain a couple of levels first,then come back. If your trying to be the best try beating Sephrioth. If u can beat him u won't have any probs wit Ansem. trust me I know.
rubber, is supposethey are made out of rubber trees and sent to factories to make baloonsin a balloon factory..With latexTHE SAME WAY LIKE CONDOMS.very carefullyEarly balloons were made of dried animal bladders. Modern balloons can be made from materials such as rubber, latex, chloroprene or a nylon fabric.
Here's some signs of a lotto scam:. . *You never paid money or bought a ticket to enter.. *Your "winning" notification is probably not personalized.. *Your "winning" notification came by email, probably from a free email address such as yahoo.com or msn.com.. . If you answer the email, after one or two email exchanges with the so-called "lottery officials" or "claims agent," perhaps accompianied by some official looking but fake documents, you'll be asked to pay fees for "taxes" or "handling" or some other reason. This is the scam - you pay the fees and never see any winnings, mainly because there are none to see.Yahoo domainkeys is a way yahoo brings misery and grief to email forgers everywhere. It confirms whether emails are really from their claimed domain. You can find technical details at http://antispam.yahoo.com.domainkeys and implementation info at http://domainkeys.sourceforge.net.Rule of thumb tho is "if it seems to good to be true, it is!"Generally, anything offering you something for free when you haven't entered any contest should be suspect.. . Anything requiring you to post money in order to win money should be considered extremely suspect.Are you serious ? You should forward that e-mail along to SCAM-Central !!~:()=Any time you are requested to pay monies up front..you ARE BEING SCAMMED.. Legitimate offers NEVER REQUIRE MONEY FROM YOU!!!!!!!!!SCAM SCAM SCAMSimply put, nothing wants your money before they give you anything... The world doesnt work that way. Anything asking for money is a scam 99.99% of the time. The only exception is something that you know, i.e. you remember signing up for the contest or you know the company. There is no way to differentiate... sorryIts a scamDude.... its called Phishing. There are several variations of the same thing.  I like how they address you in poor freaking English.... . Dear Sirs,. .  lolSound like a scam to me...a legit prize wouldn't have you pay a dime.  Don't do it!Total SCAM.So sorry, my friend, but it is illegal for you to participate in a lottery drawing outside of the U.S. border, and just as illegal for someone to enter you de facto without proper notification.  It's a scam. . . If you ever WERE to win unknowingly, you will be contacted via certified mail.You should report this immediately. . . Never open an email from someone you do not recognize.someone will call you or send a letter via snail mail if its real. never trust the internet.You know it's a scam if you never even entered this drawing. You know it's a scam if you have to pay someone you've never heard of in another country. Did they address you by name? If not, scam. If so, still highly suspect. If you're still not sure because you really want to believe it's real, Google the names of the people and organizations involved (particularly the ones you're supposed to pay) and see what you find. Often, they've tried to scam other people, and those people will write about it on the web.Big fat SCAM!. . Check out snopes.com for popular scams, hoax e-mails, chain e-mails, urban legends, etc.
i dunno, thanks for the 2 pointsFor your gaming resolution, I usually use the one right higher than my standard screen for high quality games like the Sims (hope you're talking about Sims 2) If you are considering Sims 1 you want to get a better monitor if you can't play on 800 x 600. 'Nuff said.
Bend your ring and pinky fingers in, so they're touching your palm.  Then push the tip of your middle finger hard against your thumb. Then move your thumb out of the way; your middle finger hitting your palm makes the snapping noise.IM QUITE BORED AND TIERD TO EXPLAIN THAT THE BEST WAY THOUG IS TO BE IN FRONT OF A PERSON THAT CAN ACTUALLY DO IT SO YOU CAN PRACTICE WITH. AFTER THAT KEEP NAPPINBG UNTIL YOU MAKE IT. GL SNAP SNAP!!I stretch every finger in both hands, then  i just bring them all together in a claw, they all snap ... haha.Put your fingers together and twist.
check all chestsYou can get some for a while, but once you get further into the game u have to synthisize them. it gets really annoying will all the Mythiril items, cause u just have to synthisize them if you want them.
I think you're referring to the patterns on the grass, if that's what your asking they do it because it looks good.  They do it by cutting the grass in different directions, west->east, then east->west, north->south, south->north.  Kind of like if you have shaggy carpets and you push the vacuum over it, it looks a different color in the direction you are pushing.They Have Certian People Who Do That.It's the direction that they mow inThe pattern is strictly for decoration.  The ground crew at the stadium does it by angling the lawn mowers to match the pattern as they mow.
cheat!!jump over all of your oponnets pieces or trap him so he cant moveBuy the drinking game of checkers. It's the same principal, only the pieces are shot glasses. You fill the shot glasses up with your drink of choice and when your piece gets jumped, you drink it. That way, even if you lose, you win!Checkers, like Tic Tac Toe, is a game where winning is dependent solely upon opponent error or lack of familiarity with the game.. . I suppose with Checkers there's also the sense of digust and wasted time that sets in when one realizes that both players are competent and will negate one another unless one of them just gives up and intentionally throws it.. . Wow. I don't think I've played checkers since I was 9. I suppose you could beat me right now...but only once. It would all come back to me (I hope).. -cKa good way to win checkers is to make sure your pieces colntrol some of the slots on the sides of the board. These pieces can'tbe taken.
Since this is in the video game category, I'd like to add that time goes forward and backwards. When it goes forward it shows how long you've been playing in a certain level, etc. When it goes backward it is usually associated with some sort of time limit. It also depends on what type of game or scenario you are playing.Because time moves forward not backwards.is it going forwards or backwards. can you tell if it is going forwards?because that's the way it isJust depends on your perspective....If you believe in destiny, if you believe that time will end, then everything does go backwards, counting down until the last second.Umm because if it went backward there would be no life.cos otherwise we would be born with grey thinning hair and die as babies. and babies dying is not a happy thought :( so its the other way round.
Set things on fire, build a deck, shoot a picture, write a song, play a board game, play guitar, paint, watch movies, go to thrift stores and haggle with the clerk, float a river, go camping, climb a rock, build me a website, gleam the cube, rock the hasbah, fill a void, avoid fillings. Just some suggestions...You could do some volunteer work - maybe something fun like helping out at the local animal shelter by walking the dogs. You could do some good, get some exercise, meet some new people, and you wouldn't have to spend money to do it.get some exercise, walk around at a mall and windowshop.Trail walking or bicycle riding. . If you have a portable GPS unit or know someone that does, you might try GeoCacheing...trying to find objects hidden by others.Play games, watch tv, beat it, Use your imagination and make your own fun.SPEND IT LOVIN' THE ONE YOU LOVE!defently play runescape that is if you like role playing games plus you dont have to pay a single penny absalotly free
Make a frame in an animal form out of coat hangers or something else you can bend into shape that won't bend back too easily.  Apply papier mache (glue or paste and newspaper, corn starch works too) and leave a hole for candy.  Fill with candy and then cover hole with papier mache "patch."  Let dry and paint.well you can stuff candy in a baloon, blow it up, tie it off. and then put glue and newspaper all over it. let it dry and paint it. obviously it won't look like an animal or something cool, just a round thing.in my pants lol, just kidding they have those stores all over tha place. . or mexico
they are against the rules.i play runescape and any kind of auto on there is illegal, so if you use one, you might get banned. just a heads upi agree dot get one you can be prosecuted for just having one without even using it
take the top offGet a hammer.Throw it out the window.hit the eject buttonyour shove it up your ass and shit it out then it will be open or else take the top off/ scissorsall the screws are on the bottom, there is 1 hidden under each rubber foot, plus 1 hidden behind the sticker label. you can find it by feeling around the sticker till it pushes in
When you input a number that is correct this may logcially lead you to enter another number because it forces another cell to have only 1 option remaining. If this happens numerous times that is a logical chain.i know that sudoku means something with numbers
You've set your goal too low. Try again. But aim higher.failed to failWhy would you want to fail?Failed!!!nothing
Maybe because people are finally realizing that he WAS and IS using steroids and shouldn't be a national hero.  Do really want a cheater of his magnitude on the television and in video games accessible to children??It was up to him, he didn't want to.cause he ain't deal wit it
if you have a virus or a spyware your computer will restart every day.scan for viruses and spyware.but sometimes microsoft ofiice mess the things with the games. There are so much things that can make this problem. maybe it's the graphic card .Did you check to make sure that your system meat the requirements for the game?  Did you install it while you had an anti virus program running?  Try to uninstall, disable your Internet connection and any other programs ( Internet security, antivirus ) and reinstall. If you only have the graphics card that came with your system and you have not installed one of your own, that might be the problem. good luck.id say u only hav onboard graphics. not really good enough for heavy games.  stick a graphics card in it.
Most baseball teams have several pitchers and they will rotate them for starts. Not ALL pitchers these days pitch a complete game and will come out usually around the half way mark to minimize the stress on their arms. SO if a team has a record of 25-4-1, not ALL of the 25 wins were from the SAME pitcher. The wins will be split between them depending on who pitched when the game ended.the team wins just depend on the final score, the pitchers win depends on his role in that victory. If a pitcher pitches 8 innings and the score is tied 1 to 1 and another pitcher comes on in relief the starter is not responsible for the win or loss. if they are up 2-1 and they end up winning He gets the win and the relief P gets the save. If they lose that game the starter gets nothing and the relief P gets the lossno difference...huh? what? a win is a win.
If you're stuck on the puzzle box at the very end, here's what you do:  go back to the map and select the TENEMENT location.  Read the notices plastered on the side of the building - one of them will tell you how to open the box.i cant help u..but thanks for asking :)
It refers to, more specifically (at least in the online games that I've played), an idiot newbie.  A regular newbie who is new to a game is just a newb.  The ones who go around speaking in 1337 terms and making a general mess of things are noobs or n00bs as may be the case.just means your new to something.lol only 1 of you has something close to the actual meaning.. noob=n00b=someone who is annoying, ignorent, acts like a newb but isn't, a newb, or it is used to annoy people and make them mad. newb=newbie= someone who is new to a gamenewbie in term meaning you must be a noob. nah just joking. hahahahahaIt's like slang for a newbie, a new person. Don't take it offensively, it's just a made up word :o)Newb = new player. Noob = Player who is not new, but can't play the game well.newbie. just get your skills and level up and get to know the game and people will stop callin you thatA newbie (written in 1337 as: n00b) is a newcomer to a particular field, the term being commonly used on the Internet, where it might refer to new, inexperienced, or ignorant users of a game, a newsgroup, an operating system or the Internet itself. The term is generally regarded as an insult, although in many cases more experienced/knowledgeable people use it in purposes of negative reinforcement, urging “newbies” to learn more about the field or area in question.. . Variant spellings, such as newb, noob, nub and, in Leetspeak, n00b are numerous and common in Internet use.noob means a new person. someone who has never played the game before
I would go for,. 23 Pairs of Chromosomes in the Human Body23 Pieces of Chicken in the Huge Bucket.protons?. carbon?. likely answers, but Hb is definately Hemoglobin.
the book is a fiction.  so it's not true at all.  and if you look at other resources like getting more info about priory of sion, you will know that it is all a made up story.erad breaking the da vinci code. aparently the basis for the "facts" in the da vinci code are not truehere we go again........oo my god. lots of pple say it isnt. no one knows. opus dei says the stuff about it is all lies. u know wat. WAT DO U THINK??? tats wat counts. u cant just believe wat someone tells u. u gotta believe it urself.da vinci code is not based on facts, this is a fictional work
The most effective way to put a great shine on an old sword, especially if it is sharp is to put a light coat of a product called naval jelly on it and let it soak for about 2 hours.  This will remove the rust.  Follow up with a coat of machine oil often called 3 in 1 oil and buff out gently with a green scrubing pad like you use for washing dishes. after that you may need to use a high speed buffer with a light polishing oil to remove the rest of the pits and put a nice sheen on the sword without leaving all the scoring marks caused by steel wool.sandpaper will not clean a sword as well as steel wool. what is your sword made of that it tarnished most production models are made of stainless. get a metal polish and hit it with steel wool to get the shine back just make sure to read the directions and use gloves if you need to.What kind of sword? Japanese, Civil war, fencing? In any case  sandpaper is sacrilegious. NEVER use it on a blade. If it is rusty, buy some naval jelly at a paint store and follow directions. If it just needs polishing, get someone with a grinder to put a CLOTH polishing wheel on it. And if you are holding the sword, how are you going to cut yourself? Find a local SCA group and get a coach!Check out swordforum.com.  There's nothing on the topic of swords that the forumites there can't answer.Metal-Glo is often used to get a nice shine and makes for excellent protection. Simple metal polish from the local walmart helps too, but is'nt as effiecent.http://www.brightblades.com/care.htmlStockroom? Like, a collection?. If it was a collector's blade, it was most likely made of stainless steel. In which case, you just f'ed up your sword. Good job.Sandpaper? What are you doing with a sword if you don't know how to care for it?
they react to the heat in your hand by constricting. the exact parts that touch your hand are the ones that constrict, making each time you hold one a little different.you put them in your hand and they will move a certain way like it's tail will curl up and it could mean your happy or something! they are pretty cool.They use Tarot cards to see fings wiv!There are fortune teller fish?The fish will tell you your forture?
Great answer Mikey *rolls eyes*.. . Anyways, Dr Gero was no created.  He was a normal human, but he kept adding robotic enhancments to himself.  He eventually added so many parts that he was more android than human.by a homosexual roboy loverDr. Gero Was a scientist who supposdley turned himself into a android.
Just make sure that your Sim is in good condition, (i.e. its hygiene, comfort, etc. is full) and the required skills are met.you have to make sure your sim is happy,has enough freinds,and has the right skills
You mean gay scape? well any how a fire wall can be blocking the game download for youOne program that is essential for you to play Runescape is called *Microsoft Java Virtual Machine (VM)*. . If that still didnt work, try to use their windows client in their downloads section.
The cakes only pop out with the basic microwave.  Once you upgrade the microwave then you have to wait for Yahoo to either a) reimburse us all or b) upgrade and fix the bug.... I got so frustrated I backdated to earlier saved gameI played this game a bunch of times. The cupcakes come out on their own. You don't need to click on the microwave, just click on the cupcakes when they come out. They come out a couple of seconds after the timer finishes. Hope that helps.so simple when you've bought it,it'll start to bake some cupcake each time 4 of them wait till they are ready then use all of them then cupmaker will make another 4 cupcake. that's alli've tried that too, it doesn't work...   once a game , they'll come out on their own, it's driving me crazy!!!  they wont come out on their own all the time!!I am having the same protblem.  It is sooo frustrating.  The door just closes again and the cupcakes beging to bake again.  Anyone know how to get the cupcakes to come out?There's a bug in the game.  The people that make the game said that they sent Yahoo the answer to the bug that makes the cupcakes stay in the microwave a day or two ago.  They talk about it on their website:  http://sandlot.sandlotgames.com/discus/messages/1290/1515.html  I wish Yahoo would get on this and post the fix!!
None That I No Of.Umm  there is one up in bunker hills park.  it is a wave pool.  Then  there are pools all over the city.  just need  look it on there webpages.
Take it to an upholstery guy and they'll take it off and replace that section.  Can be difficult to match and a little costly but that's the only way to keep it from looking jenky.get a leather repair kit
So I don't wanna wake up late to school. Bam, was it hard to understand?first, sleeping is a healing factor. people sleep to rest the mind and the body. after a whole day work, you'll get tired and sleeping is a good thing but some people sleep like every hour, that is just because they are lazy.sleeping every hour is not being lazy. the one one who answers that is the lazy one.People sleep to rest the mind from all the things the mind and body do all day.cause they like it... thanks for your answer a whyle ago........
Because the PC isn't set up to 'see' a 360 controller like a real controller.  you'll need drivers for the PC so that it'll understand the controller, and get around your sound bug.I dont think you can, can you??????
I like a guy that opens doors.. . That's all I can ask for.. . If you open the door, it's a guarantee that I'll walk through it.What I like in guy is that they are funny, energetic, caring, lovable, considerate of other people, and all around good guy.NOT:. hard-to-get. cheaters. liars. . But we do look for:. sweetness. careness. cute guys!I'd like to know!Different girls like different things. You should be true to yourself and one day you will find the right girl. A few good qualities are a sense of humor { but if you are not funny dont push it }, maybe just a little bit jealous/protective, and a caring personality.They think they want the nice guys, but end up choosing the jerks. So i guess you gotya be a bit of a jerk.
if ur talking DS go to the menu with ur junk in it then click the water gun fill it with water from the shower or pool and pump it then u get ur water gun out and put the fire out!!I prefer to watch em burn. <MWAHAAHAA HAAAAAAAA>.......im not 100 percent sure but i go with the fire departmentcall the fire department and make sure your fire alarm is in the kitchen. To avioid the fire all together  make sure  you have skill points in cooking.
Install a good sized snake.  . . But why would you want to remove frogs from your pond?  Our pond is full of toads and a couple frogs and its cool to watch them.  If you don't want tadpoles, just scoop out the eggs and take them somewhere else - dump them or take them to a public pond or something.  This is toad breeding season, and I know it can get loud at night with their calls, but it will stop soon.Don't.  Frogs only live where conditions are perfect and there is no pollution etc.  You could be trying to get rid of an endangered species.  Live and let live.hi!! we had this problem last yr in our pond.. we just caught them all n took them down to a local pond. made sure most of the frog spawn was gone.. but apparently i heard theyll come back to where they were spawned or whatever the word is! we have since got rid of the  pond and seen a few frogs on the lawn where it was! they must be well confused!!buy a pathon and let it go in the lake he should eat them all.
Hebrews 10:24-25: "And let us consider one another to provoke unto love and to good works: Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together, as the manner of some is; but exhorting one another: and so much the more, as ye see the day approaching.". . The more we meet together with Christian brothers and sisters in worship, the more we encourage each other to do what is right. God says we should worship more and more as we see the end of time approaching... which it is.I have to agree with ACDixon, and if I could add anything to that, I can't think of anything that is more likely to crush out any interest in  God than to be forced to attend church. But as a person begins to love and trust Christ, they will want to spend more and more time with Him and His people, getting to know Him better, wanting to worship. So it partly depends on the person, and on the family. A family that argues on the way to church or screams at each other for being late, but then hypocritically pretends that nothing is wrong while they are sitting in the pews, will turn a young person off forever. I'll bet that most of the people who call 'all Christians' hypocrites have seen one at some time and think that we all are.IT IS NOT COMPULSARY - AND IT SHOULD NOT BE - IT IS AN ACT OF YOUR FREE WILL AND YOUR OWN DESIRE TO WORSHIP - GOD GAVE UP FREE WILL AND HE LEFT THE DECISION ON US - SO IT IS UPTO YOU IF YOU ATTEND OT NOT NO ONE IS GOING TO PUNISH YOUyou shouldn't be able to dis-allow it to others because you don't believe!If the language used is "should" and "compulsory" the church goer is probablly not getting anything out of the service. Jesus saves but we need to accept that salvation. You have freedom to go to church if you want to or not because at the heart of worship is relationship and at the heart of relationship is the choice to embrk on that relationship.it definately should not be made compulsory! . . Although I do not practice religion myself, I respect other peoples' wishes to carry out their lives as they see fit. I do, however, resent these people trying to pass their beliefs onto me.. . Let us not forget that the majority of organised religion is mostly made up. Take the Roman Catholic Church as an example: it is a hybrid of popular Christianity during Roman times mixed together with pagan beliefs that go back much further. Interesting that key dates co-incide with those of the original Roman sacred days, particularly so Christmas - festival of light during the long, dark winter period.... . Moreover,  the religious texts that we read today have been translated, then reinterpreted repeatedly over the generations. This has then resulted in the segmentation of religions. There are so many different Christian Churches; Protestant, Roman Catholic, Orthodox Catholic, Anglican, Methodist........ And the lsit goes on! Which is the correct faith? They will all tell you that theirs is the TRUE faith!. . Organised religions are paramount to ancient cults, they were enforced upon ignorant peasants millenia ago that had no outlook on life. They followed the religions blindly as they had nothing better to look forward to in their own lives and so prayed for a better afterlife. These "wise" men were cheaters and liars, making sure that they came out on top, and they have been lying to the world for long enough.. . I am a firm believer that there is some kind of higher order to our planet and Universe. What this force may be, I would not like to guess. One thing is for certain: I will not be following any organised religion. I am a good person, I treat other people well and ask for the same favour in return (one of the few preachings from the Bible I take to heart... but after all, it is only common sense!). . As I have said, I fully respect peoples' rights and desires to carry out their lives as they please and worships what they choose. I, however, have chosen my path. Please, let me carry on with it without being told I'm a sinner and will burn in Hell. If that really is the truth, we all know that most of the cool and interesting people will end up there anyway. Including the majority of believers. I doubt God we be very willing to let the priests that have abused children and stole from the Church into Heaven, at least I hope he will have second thoughts! . . I must go and buy a party size bag of marshmallows before dying. Hehehehe....I don't think it should be.. It restricts freedom, something God has given us.. . Ultimately, I think people should go to church as much as they could because it can only do good for you.? Ummm... the only way this would be is if you lived in a theocracy in which case you don't have much choice in the matter.
Look on the box or the instruction manual to the game and it should have a number for the customer service in the back of the book or box. Ring them up and explain your problem and they should help. but dont think you will get through straight away as calling for support usual takes alot of phone calls to actually get through in my personal experience. if not then go into the store you brought it in and they should either help you or give you a number to call to help.What game?You didn't say what game you purchased.  As a Toy/Game Industry veteran, I suggest you look at the box the game came in.  A phone number or web site should be listed.  If not, try googling the name of the game.. . Good Luck!Go to their internet site. also, usually there's a toll free # on the box that you can call from monday-friday between certain times of dayIf you call Toys R US, they can give you the toll free number for the manufacturer of the game.
you multiply each word times three and add the two together.It truely depends on how many tiles there are in the word. It also depends on if you have something like a T or an X in your word,cause they are worth different points. But yeah, you just multiply the words worth by three.whenever you place a tile that forms two words, you get to count all of the tiles in both of the two new words.  so if you had the word tile going vertically and floor going horizontally and you could connect them with an "s" you would have two new words "floors" and "tiles", for which you would get all the points written on the tiles.  in the case of a triple word space, you just add up the value of the tiles and then mulitiply by three (so you'd get the value of "floors" and "tiles" multiplied by three)you multiply the numbers on the tiles by 3 and add them up.
Work at it 40 hours a week.  Make a plan.  Spend 8 hours a day working at getting a job.  If you don't have a job after 1 week, ask me what to do next.Look in the papers..in advertisments, shop windows..Look for an opening in the classified ads or craigslist and apply!APPLYHow about visiting an employment office with you CV.You look for employers seeking employees.  It could be online or a sign in their window or a friend who says his employer is looking for folks.  Then you follow their directions; usually for a first job you will go to the place (dress nicely) and fill out an application.  Then there is usually an interview.  Try to realize what the employer is looking for; they are willing to pay for your time in return for your service.  They will hire you if you are the best applicant.  So try to be the best.  Usually they are trying to run a business and make a profit so convince them that you will help in that.www.monster.com--good job search site.get off your @$$, skim through the want ads and get moving!Create a C.V, then get hunting. Hand loads out to shops etc. bout 1/10 will be successful. post it on Internet sites too, monster.com is an example of such a site. Good luck. (the best/easiest way is to get one through somebody you know, that's how i got mine)do you even want a job? have you ever had a job? Look apply and do you best in the interviews being clean cut and nicely dressed and act like a lady or Man which ever you areGo to the employment office.Get up from the computer and go get applications.
I would really love to have the power to heal people, both of injury and disease, which is strange because in general I really don't like people much. Maybe I have a Jesus complex.To fly for the fun and travel.To be invisible so I don't need to go to school.to speak all known languages very wellIf I could have a power it would probably be Telepathy because then I could easily get good grades.the power to answer questions with smart-assed answers...To manipulate elemental properties like fire, water, earth and air because that would just be cool.i would love to have the power to make people have empathy for one another and for all humans to behave with love.... compassion...respect...grace...regardless of race/gender/sexual preferance/etc.etc.etc...thanks for the question matey...bye.To, have a power that is powerfuller that powerful.Invisibility, so i could follow people home and see what they live like. you know...walk in their shoes for a day.i would be invisible so i could go anywhere and not get kicked out like clubs for hollywood stars, hear their conversations and be able to hear what people say about me when im not around!! hahaPower to persuade.  For common decisions and unity.I would like to have the power to put the world at peace & make evryone happy..The power to print money.. . Need I say more?The power to heal. Like that movie in the 60's or 70's when that lady would lay her hands on people and cure them. Anybody remember that movie? At the end she work at a gas station in the desert and a couple showed up with there daughter who i think had cancer or something and she got out of the RV and the healer hugged the little girl and you knew she was cured.. I think the  lady in the movie was the older woman in Requiem of a Dream. Relieving someone of there pain would be an awesome power, you could help so many people.i think i would like to be able to read minds.... i choose this as i often wonder how much people really lie to you .
Completely wrong ashleyhaddon. in french to say 'my name is ashley' is . je m'appelle Ashley. Jae DOES NOT mean 'my' in french and the literal translation is actually 'I am called Ashley'in french it means "my" as in "Jae ma pail ashley". "my name is ashley"
no one can win all things. find things you are good at, and you will win sometimes, find things you enjoy and it will not matter if you win.You have already won all things by being so eloquent.. . Congratulations!what games are u trying to win?get the most points . . . . unless you are playing golfYou have to first play! can not win if you don't play!. . The Texas Lotterydon't try too hard. don't want it too much... wanting something too much can chase it away. losen up. you sound a little too ambitious... and there is no way to win all things. you win some you lose some, that's the way it goes.CHEAT!i dont win. i win and totally humiliate. thats real winning.. if you wish to win like i win. you must be ruthless. you cant allow scruples to interfer with your winning. (A.K.A. I cheat)what games are we talking about... love games?Its not about winning, its about how you play the game. :)Cheat.Don't play anything and you won't lose anything.  Although I guess then you don't actually win anything...Depends what kind of game as to what you have to watch out for to avoid looseing.nobody wins all things excpiacially me cuz everyone is taller then me but im good at gymnastics well whatever ur good at like readin or math or any kind of sports keep practicin and u'll get better evenually
even though i agree with Tha Next Darrnell Bing b/c bungie doesnt care about their customers. they get their money and run and cheating has become so rampant in halo 2 its not even worth playing anymore. but, the highway thingy will sway if you shoot it with a rocket.try shooting itScrew Halo, screw Bungie, and screw microsoft!!!!!!!!
For Web-Based Games Like VMK, Check Out The Other Sulake Creations (sulake helped develop vmk for disney) Like The Habbo Hotels Found Internationally And CokeStudios Found At MyCoke... . As For Something Non-Sulake, Check Out Club Penguin, Lots Of Fun, However, Is Limited If You Don't Play Subscription..There's a game called "Maple Story" that is a side scroller, like mario brothers. But all the animations are made anime style, and very artsy. You can check it out and download it as well at mapleglobal.com
Look in any video game store or cd store...even at K mart or walgreens...there is something called a disk unscretcher or somethin like that...it works really good but u have to be carful with it so you don't break it...i broke one once...lol...happy to help!!!Cleaning options . There are a handful of commercial cleaning options on the market, but we've found some home remedies work just as well, if not better. If you're too cheap to spend the bread on a commercial solution, find an alternative around your house. . . Baking soda toothpaste. Baking soda toothpaste, huh? Actually, any mild abrasive like furniture polish, Pledge, or plastic polish works fine for removing CD scratches. Just take any lint-free cloth, add some of the abrasive to the afflicted area, and then wipe. Make sure to wipe from the center of the disc to the rim in a straight line. Never wipe in a circular pattern. . . This only works on minor scratches, but I found the results were OK. While it does not work well in bringing back heavily scratched CDs from the grave, it does help to stop CDs with light to moderate scratches from skipping. . . Finally, use baking soda toothpaste with as few additives as possible. Some of the gel-based baking soda toothpastes tend to leave a sticky film on the CD, which requires a bit of effort to remove. . . . Car wax. Another home remedy I tried was car wax. Unlike polishes, waxes fill in the cracks or scratches. Just pour or rub the wax on a scratched area and wipe it off with a lint-free cloth from the center to the rim. . . I didn't experience the greatest results, but it could have been the car wax I was using, liquid Turtle Wax. Some people testify that this works, but I believe you may have better luck with a Carnauba-style car wax. If you don't have access to car wax, you can try furniture wax like Pledge instead.. . . It might be too late . There's always a chance that you may not be able to salvage your precious CDs. . . Really bad scratches circle around the disc. A scratch from the center to the rim isn't as bad. A CD player can miss a beat and you won't notice it, but if the scratch follows the track pattern of a CD you'll notice a lot more skipping. . . . The worst place to scratch a CD isn't on the bottom but the top. Why? Because the label side contains the reflective material required to bounce the laser back to the CD player's pick-up head. It's also close to where the pits and bumps that make up the data track on a CD are stored. Scratch that and you'll most likely never play the disc again.go get a toothpaste and a brush then put some toothpaste around the scratches pour water over the toothpaste brush it lightly and gently until the toothpaste is bubbling wash the cd and dry it with a soft cloth. . hope that works.
You have to enable the "Gnome" first. Then you can put your codes in. I got my codes from a guide I bought from EB Games.You make the codes work by first pressing pause and then click the buttons fast. That's all you have to do ^.^
Move out of your parents' house, get a life, then try burning them for heat.. . Sorry, had to.Get a price guide like Beckett.  This paticular one is great for baseball cards.You could check if anyone else is selling them on ebay and how much forgo to a comic book shop
they are the same thingsSame thing...depends which side of the ocean you're on.Ping Pong is what you play in your parents' basement. Table Tennis is what you play in the Olympics.So what's the difference between Table Tennis and Ping-Pong?". . How often over the years, over the decades, have so many of us heard that--it seems to be the first question asked by someone just becoming aware of the Sport.. . "Sport," of course, not "Game." For, think "Ping-Pong" and think what you might of yesteryear "family" entertainment--of bygone board games stretched over an all-purpose dining-room table, or snow-blown hours whiled warmly away in some sibling-struck neighborhood rec room--Table Tennis, in having its own World Championships since 1926 and in participating in the Olympic Games since 1988, is undeniably, a Sport.. . In the minds of many, the ready answer to that divisive Table Tennis/Ping-Pong question I've opened with is, "Well, there really isn't any difference between the two: Ping-Pong and Table Tennis--they're the same thing.". . Well, yes...and no. For any History of U.S. Table Tennis has quickly to acknowledge the not so civil wars fought and re-fought over the use of the two terms. Even as I begin here in the beginning to give you a brief commentary on the origin of the Sport, the divisiveness can't help but be apparent.. . In his (1930) Ping-Pong: The Game, Its Tactics And Laws (a re-write of his 1928 Manual), Cornelius G. Schaad (Schaad as in SHAD-ow), of New York's Westchester Ping-Pong coterie--a lawyer by profession and in Ping-Pong a blatant propagandist for the Salem, Massachusetts-based, games-oriented Parker Brothers and their American Ping-Pong Association --suggests that the game's origin was not in England, as is generally recognized, but in the U.S.. . He writes of a "game"--an indoor tennis game played "with small size rackets" and "a firm light ball covered with a knitted web to avoid harm to furniture" that could be played either on a table or, if the net were extended from chairs, on the floor. This game, he says, was "produced in Salem, Massachusetts, but exploited principally through the London house of the makers" (27).. . In trying to trace the validity of this long-ago Parker Brothers claim, I’ve had necessarily to consult and be greatly indebted to Gerald N. Gurney's definitive Table Tennis: The Early Years. . . Gurney says that in 1886 (perhaps as early as 1884), the English sporting goods house of F. H. Ayres Limited--later it would be absorbed by Slazengers (17)--was selling a lawn tennis game "played with miniature rackets." But (as the `86 Ayres catalogue specifically states) this game was played not on a table (though it could be?) but "on a green baize court laid on the floor" (5). . . Schaad, however, though he speaks of an indoor tennis game that can be played on the floor, as well as on a table, is apparently not referring to any game listed in any '80's Ayres catalogue. Probably, as Gurney citing the Shell Book of Firsts (5) points out, the first table tennis sets were manufactured by the English firm of J. Jaques and Son--and it's to a connection with this firm that Schaad alludes (27-28).. . As early as 1891 Jaques had registered an indoor game--played with india-rubber balls--called "Gossima." Gurney says that it's not known whether any sets of this "Gossima" were ever produced (2), but by 1898 Jaques was probably boxing "The New Table Game of Ping-Pong or Gossima" (5).. . With the turn-of-the-century innovation of the celluloid ball, which of course made the game more popular, the Parker Brothers’ English distributor, Hamley Brothers--they sold toys and games, including Jaques and Son’s Ping-Pong sets--in 1901 registered this "Ping-Pong" trademark with the U.S. Patent office. These boxed Jaques sets being popularized in England were then, as Gurney points out, "simply over-printed `United States, America, Trade Mark 36854 6/8/01,'" and sold 
You have a pop-up blocker probably. Hold the CTRL button when you click on the game room, that way the new window will stay open.becasue itz some bullshit!. . {pop up my azz}I have the same problem.  What you need to do is keep clicking on it and it will come up on the second or third click.check your java platform. reinstalling it would solve the problem. also check your firewall settingsIt could be that u have a blocker in the system that doesnt allow certain things try another games site and if it continues call technical support try any of the online bingo sites as they have a cm who can help you
You'll need:. *Artists to draw characters and scenario.. *Writers because you'll need a script.. *Animators.. *Sound engineers.. . And programmers that can translate all those things into a working program.. . You'll need an IDE (many people works with Visual Studio) and lots of programmin knowledge. You need to know how to interact with DirectX or OpenGL and also how to program artificial intelligences.. . Much more than this, you'll need lots of time and money.Go to college.You will need a team.. . Expensive software to draw the graphics, implement them into code etc.. . and around a year or two to spare?an easy way is to mod the game so it works but i wont tell you how because it is illegel and you could go to jail and it would kinda be my fault.Assume 3d games, by yourself.. start simple, build minigames textbased -> 2D -> 3D.. You will need 3D objects generated from a 3D program like 3D max 8, Maya or Milkshape.. You also need programming knowledge to provide graphic manipulation and user interface.. Voice acting is actually optional.A lot of MMOG does not have voice acting.. If you played Yahoo games, these are games too.. Music is the more important part as it set the mood for your game.. Last of all, Visit Gamedev,join contest to gain experience.Well it's like this you need a program that can make animation, record the sounds like cars, guns being fired, weather, voices that have real feeling that they're hurt or killed. And you choose the year then think of the some guns that release that year when its continue the year add the weapons and cars and think of some cheat code but think of how to open enter cheat code it must be pause when entering code okay it hard when playing then entering code.just make ityou need real world experience before you can start digitizing. I suggest you go to the nearest gunshow, buy an AR-15, P90, AK-47, a Bat, and Nunchucks. Then you go to the park and beat up an old lady with the bat. Then carjack someone, run over others, or better yet, run over the guy you just carjacked with the car you just jacked.. . Then go on a police chase, shoot some cops, and get wasted, end up in jail. Make your game in jail, make millions.
Why would you want to? It takes away the fun of the game, and pisses everyone else off. I would suggest just playing the way it's supposed to be played without cheating. If you're lucky, you'll be caught and banned form playing.use the noob glitch type in ImAnub as user name then wait for me to own uget the controller and rub it ON MAI DUIIK
Ok, a 10 point plea, that would take to long to plea my ever so sad story of why I need 10 points. So therefore I say be a gentlemen and give the lady her points, your g-ma would tell you too.You should give me the ten points, because I answered your question and didn't report you for points gaming. The points aren't going to take me anywhere, especially not planet Yahoo, (which I don't think I would want to go to anyway). I am however trying to get to level 7 and I would appreciate the help.I'll just settle for 2 points...no begging involved.this question is only worth 2 points...I answer questions truthfully and I know that even if I get your 10 points that I can not trade it for anything. I won't get any air miles and I won't get to go to planet Yahoo or stay in a fice star hotel. If I could go somewhere I would take my best friend. But right now I am just answering questions to get to level 5 I only have 172 after answering your question.I just enjoy answering questions.. I like to try to help, not brag about my points.tfcng  Sorr Yeee  4  MY juikl   TrYPing fgzxfsd.////////////       I kmj   OnLY m,,.l Hav STMP ,.lk;;>":>:{P need pnts for ,LMS    FNGERS./'lp:>{:?     gODBLSSYUO>l:""?:. LKJK'L.                        STMPY
I am not sure what you mean.  I am guessing that you want to get thread onto a bobbin.  On most machines there is a metal post out the top (on the opposite end of the needle) that you place the bobbin on.  It locks into place, you feed thread up through the top hole, push the bobbin back against the spinning aligner and press the foot pedal like you would to sew.Some machines leave the bobbin in place when it's being filled.  Contact the manufacturer's website.  They can probably give you some info.
freaky indian's fat @ssFederation Internationale de Football Association . . it is the govening body for football and sets out the rules. each country as there own football assocation(FA) . sep blater is the president of the fifa at the moment I hope this will change soon this man is so corupt.. t. . i wonder now that football is called soccer in the usa will we change this to fisa. lol. I hope now soccer is what you do to your wife lol.Federation Internationale de Football Association....  Not to be confused with the NFL, AFL or CFL!. . Best, and viva le Cuppa!. . RetroFedaration for international foodball association
Perks. Good food. Great customer service. We have a casino located 50 miles from us but we drive 300 miles to another one that offers more perks, has good food, and the people that work there are great.You need a marketing plan. Know who your customers are, what they like to eat, drink, drive, listen to and watch. Then advertise in places they do those things. Billboards, radio, TV and restaurants. Offer them an incentive to come in. Something free, or discounted. . . Casino's in Las Vegas have gambling club memberships that are free and offer free pulls on some slot machines, free or discount food and beverage and  inexpensive hotel stays. Hope that helps.They are all addicted and are now attending other functions that take their money to help them beat it.keep it clean. . . I'm not a casino kinda guy but I enjoy going to the Hard-Rock Casino in FL because they keep it very clean and I don't feel like a sleeze ball for being there.. . Maybe also create rewards programs with other businesses in your area. Encourage business people to have lunch or meetings there. Become more like a community center? . . You may also want to give funding to events that not many people support like minority rights and free speech funds or handicapped worker's unions. This will make certain people appreciate your business for being the "only one who cares" about their issue and they will gladly support you in return.
Put the disc in the PS2 and turn it on.  All PS(PSX/PSOne) games should work on your PS2 without any special adjustments or attachments.as above.. you can make them look a bit better by going into ps2 browser and changing a few settings
I treat it as acting.. You don't see bloods or bruise in WWFonly their stuns.As real that i'm actually answering the question, WWF is a fake, everythings fake.as real as you want to believed if so then santa clause is real better watch out better not cry....As real as the stunts in movies.  Some of the drama and action is real but, it's all planned ahead of time and scripted to the max.  The chance for danger is slim but, not completely erased, just like it is for Hollywood stunt men & women.  I happen to think of wrestling as a soap opera for men.Its fake, they have trained the moves and stunts until every time they do something that looked as if it would brake a bone, it doesn't hurt.. In every battle, they have set on who is going to be a winner, and what are they going to do, just like a dance!As real as the Loch Ness monster!I suppose it depends on what you mean by "real"...  The drama is roughly 99% fabricated.  As for the physical aspect of it, people who are completely out of the know will tell you that it's completely fake.  People in the industry these days are pretty open about the fact that the fights are "fake" in that there is no real malicious intent to harm the opponent.  The buzzword these days is "sports entertainment" which implies that it's just that--entertainment.  While the blows aren't delivered with the full force that wrestlers are capable of delivering, they also aren't like a fun tickle.  Professional wrestlers take bumps all the time, and get just as sore and are just as prone to injury (if not more) than athletes in sports that are considered by the majority to be more legitimate.DID YOU EVER SEE AN ATHLETE BROKE HIS BONES.?fake, some submission cannot be countered, trust me, i'm a martial artist
The chances of winning the Lotto in Great Britain are given as 1 in 14,000,000!  I imagine the odds of winning in a larger country are even bigger.. . I wouldn't hold my breath if I were you!Dear bro,.          If you ask me I'll say no to lottery. Betting on horse racing is much more easier if you have the money. I can teach you how to win the the top three horses(tierce) in a horse race.I can teach you only if you are in Singapore.100,000,000 2 1I was reading a thing online about the lottery and get this:. . There is a greater chance of getting struck three different times by lightning than winning the lottery!! That's sad.. . According to another article, more than 30% of lotto winners go bankrupt! They overspend and get in debt and eventually throw in the towel--sad huh?About the same as getting struck by lightning !!~:()=1 IN A MILLION,if u are really lucky on that day....then *KAC CHING*u will win if u can dig to china from the usOne in (Depends on how many tickets are bought)Smaller than the chances of death by falling coconuts.
I've Played all of them and i think number 1 and 4 are the most scary games i've seen before. 1.because it was the fires in it's genre.. 4.because of the zombies flying through the walls and because of story.only played #4 so far and that scared the $hit outta me! I didn't think it was gonna be freaky (because I'm a big strong man) so i closed my door, turned off the lights, closed the curtains, and played it. The opening movie freaked the $hit outta me so much, i swear i called my friend to come nextdoor and help me.4 that first person crap scared me shitless
I believe it is a balance.  Video games (especially as advanced as today's games are becoming) can improve hand-eye coordination (action), strategy and thinking skills (RPG or Role-Playing-Games), and also the ability to reason (puzzle games and such).  Playing video games can be good for kids in that it can be a social situation (multiplayer interaction), but can also be bad depending on the mood of the children involved, which can lead to fighting and violence.  It is important to make sure that kids only play video games that they are mature enough to handle, which is made easier on the parents by the ESRB (Entertainment Software Rating Board).Here are some things to think about!. 1. Fats and Vgames V.S. exerises. 2. If in the dark ot not. 3. Ratting and why it is reattet like that. 4. If they fight over it.If you play too much your eyes will get hurt.couch potatoe like their parents.Depends what game they are playing, some games have complex storylines that bring up social issues. In my opinion games like that enrich the mind.Just like anything else, too much is a bad thing.  Questions is, how much is too much?Video games are not really harmful unless you have photo elipsy the reason they say this is like second-hand smoke to try to get you to stop(BTW The second-hand smoke this is also bulls*it excuse the language)they stay in front of the video game too long and never get enought exercise.Video games aren`t that bad only if your kid is obsessed with it and doesn`t do anything else besides video games. Also, don`t let your kid sit too close to the tv screen, it will mess up their eyes.
Time is the only things that will eliminate it from your system.  Like all amphetamines, MDMA metabolizes quickly and only takes a few days to be eliminated.You have to wait. It takes several days to completely leave your system. There is no real way to "come down"
well i would say video graphics. on a ps2 the graphics are ok but on the computer they rock due to high end cards theses days.In fact, there is no difference.  The only aparent difference is the looks and feel of the game and that is caused by the fact that game consoles have special processors that do nothing but display cool graphics and sounds, while PC or computer games use the standard controllers for audio and video effects.  ALL games started as programming code.  ALL games can be played on a computer if you have the right software emulation and hardware configuration.noneA computer game is a computer-controlled game. A video game is a computer game where a video display such as a monitor or television is the primary feedback device. The term "computer game" also includes games, which display only text (and which can therefore theoretically be played on a teletypewriter) or which use other methods, such as sound or vibration, as their primary feedback device.. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Video_games. . Or as I would define it. A VIDEO game is a console game "insert the disc and the game starts". A COMPUTER game is some thing that you have to install and start with an interaction with an icon.  . I think in today’s game world difference between VIDEO and COMPUTER game is almost nil only in the late 70’s to early 90’s there was.video and computer games aren't different.they are both games and function as a source of entertainment.
If you are talking about the cute pics that appear by everyone's name they are Avitars. I chose mine in Yahoo email and clicked on the blank spot. I think there is a seperate page for that too. On Yahoo's main page you can search for yahoo avitar and it should be the first thing to pull up in the search.assuming you are female, find a male. make sure he thinks you are attractive. it helps if you think he is attractive. begin dating. date for a couple years, get married. give each other a SPECIAL HUG.. . wham. PERSON!just do it with your avatar... that counts right???. besides it's funIf You are talking about the cute little pic on your messenger or e-mail, go to www.avatars.yahoo.comHmmm create a person, not quite sure what's meant by that but I'd assume you mean have a baby????? Um get a partner first and I'm sure they'll know how to assist you the rest of the wayIn a story? First describe their looks(hair,clothes...) and then go on about their personality. Have them talk to know a little more about them.You need a solid knowledge of the human genome and deoxyribonucleic acid.... . If you don't want to go through the whole cloning ordeal, I suppose you are referring to the little yahoo avatars.  Well, sign in, search for yahoo avatars, and I'm sure you'll find the page.put the cattipiller in some lettuce and a baby will be born
The soldiers used to play it during the war. It was simple fun during the war and it allowed everyone to gamble and relax. Now it is illegal to bet on two up except for the blind eye cast upon it on ANZAC Day - God Bless Em AllThe soldiers used to play it in the trenches i think?
Gravity boots are used by astronauts in space to assist with walking in zero-gravity environments.  They are, in reality, magnetic-soled.they dont allow 0 gravity to have an affect on you? wear them like regular boots?well, when astronoughts(sorry bad spelling) go into space they wear gravity boots on eg. the moon so they don't go floating off into space, if you intend on buying them i suggest you don't.
gityou can use a usb -> mini usb cable to transfer files over to your psp, that's how you transfer music and videos and things over to your psp... as well as freeware game downloads on the internet which i know you must be referring to because you wouldn't be downloading anything illegally and then posting about it on a public forum, riiiiiight? :)
If you're right handed and so is the other person, try to grab the other persons shirt at the right shoulder and pull it up or back, so when they try to throw a punch, it's not all there!! If they're a lefty, then try the other shoulder but it's not as easy! 1 out of 4 are lefties, so the odds should be in your favor!!YOU DUCK DODGE AND SWINGAlways hit the nose.  Lots of blood, causes the eyes to tear up, and makes it difficult to breath.let him try to hit you first ... make him hit you in the arm then aim for the side of the chin ......or you could just grap a knife
Defeat all the other gymleaders! Go to veridian city!is the old pokemon green or the newer ones. . if the old your have to back to second town you went, right after pallet town after you got the volcano/fire badge.. there is a gym on the northeast side that used to be closed coz some guy blocked the way. now its is open.. . i have never played poke green before but i played poke red blue and yellow. since the leader is geovanni, the boss of team rocket. he will have the adult version of meowth, nidorina and perhaps nidoking. and maybe this rock ground pokemon. he may also have dugtrio. so prepare yourself with water and pure grass pokemon. beware sometimes nidorina or nidoqueen have lightning. psychic pokemon is the best to be used coz they have not specific weakness, except low defense. on earthquake could kill an alakazam. . sorry my pokemon knowledge is rough. i havent played it for quite sometime.
Go to a Hobby lobby or Michaels etc. and get a matt cutter. They are pre set to the proper angle and all you have to do is follow your layout marks. Have fun.Use a craft knife and go at it at an angle.
well, It's Made To Be Accessable By Many Ages, But Since It's Disney, They Had To Make It Safe And Avalable For The Younger Audiences... One Of The Things They Did For That Is A Dictionary That Blocks Out Certain Words To Keep Their Saftey In Tact... . But It's Not All Kids, I Mean, I Know There Are Older People On There That Play Just For Fun.. There's Even An Older VMK Players Club Out There I Think... and also, its one big advert for the disney theme parks... . And If You Didn't Know, It's Made By Sulake, The Same People Who Did Habbo Hotel, A Massive Success In Europe, The US, And Other Countries..I have played that game before too. Yep i agree with you. The game just dosen't hold your atention for long.
"we" as usit is pronounced as "We".  So as to stress the connectivity among players.same as the word "We"Nintendo Revolution (Rev-u lu-tion). IT MAY HAVE GOOD GRAPHICS,BUT IF ITS OVER 200.00 IM NOT BUYING IT.OH sorry for the capsmi-cr-o
you'll find out after you've given them to friends or threw them out and one day while watching an auction channel ...wow oh my $42,500 for that dam bear.Look online at Ebay by doing a search for beanie babies and the specific name of the beanie babies...you should get a good idea by what others are selling them for. Good Luck!
They were under pressure from a major shareholder who wanted to sell the valuable land it was on.With all of the new development in the area, the value of the land became greater than the value of the park.  Also, the fact that the park had been losing money for quite some time did not help.. . The Astrodome will soon disappear as well.
whats this got to do with board games?. . try putting it on the computer thread.i dont know, i need to do it too, go to the web site... there should be a free one, i just keep forgetting to do itwhenever u want to play a game that needs Active X, you should see an Active X bar right under the place where u put ur URL. just clikc on that bar and it will download active x.
Internet explorer 6.0 or prior version does not have this feature.. . U can download some plugins to do that. You can dowload yahoo or google toolbar. Just download and install any of those tool bar they will block popup by defaultTry holding the control button down when you click the link that is usually blocked.
Because the pool game opens in a new window.  Set your pop up blocker to allow pop ups from the games URL.i dont know that never happens to me!When you click on the room you want to enter just hold down CTRL at the same time. That disables your pop up blocker. It worked for me try it.you cant get anything in life for free....try enabling the blocker
im my opinion being a die-hard gijoe collector e-bay is the working price guide but factor in shipping as well, if you check completed listings you will have a better idea -peace Gcheck the tags if you still have them. they should have the prices on them. add all of the prices up and you'll have your total.See if there are any for sales on Ebay and what they are going for.some stores sell books   also try visiting the siteUUUmmm well I would just add up the prices on what they were worth and sell them for that much.
It's Probably Best You Check With Nintendo's Customer Services... . Better Yet, Contact Them And Send Them An Email About It Or Take It To The Next And Faster Level By Calling Them At:. 1-800-255-3700. . The Good Folks There Should Help You Out Well, Believe Me, They Have Done A Great Job For Me Before..try a different disc, but if that doesnt work, u should probably bring it to a store...that never happened to me
The number of letters in Scrabble are connected with the frequency of every letter in current language of the country where you play the game!!!Because only a U follows it.I Think So.Q is specialBecuase words that contain the letter Q only have one in them as words with other letters of the alphabet can contain multiples, such as U, X and Z even though it is rare.Because homosexuals (Qs) should not play scrabble.because u ate the resti think its the one with the most points and so they make it hard somehow.Because there are very few words which use it.. Also, somehow, whenever I play, I always end up with the Q!How many words do you know that have more than one Q? It would be unfair because then you could spell one of those words and win without even spelling another word. Just like Monopoly. But the real reason is because the sky is only blue when you're not color blind and swamp gas only smells bad to people who have better than ususal smellery perception.. :)because how many words actually have a letter Q in them?I stole all the other Q's, I have a thing for Q's sorry I'll give the rest back.Because if there were more, it wouldn't have such a high value.
go up to one of the big howitzer guns and there should be a door. go up to it and press ur enter/exit vehicle button. to drive it go to the bridge and press enter/exit vehicleThe battlefield is the ocean,so start her up, be operative and let the guns blaze away, with one big boom after the other. US NAVY HERE. Don't mess with my battleship, or I will sink you. "Hope you can and like to swim". PS watch out for the Sharks.The battleships were cool in that game, it's just too bad that nobody knows how to use the artillery:. You have to be in the battleship or destroyer's gun seat, then when a scout calls for artillery, you push secondary fire to get a bird's eye view of the artillery location. Then it's up to you to land the shells there (difficult) but fun nonetheless.. Or, you could just beach the battleship, making it mostly useless except as a land spawn point.. . In BF 2 the carrier is fixed, and artillery comes from a land-based location and they aim automatically, so absolutely no skill is required.  (except of course, to avoid shelling your teammates)
At Home Beta Testing Is Quite Rare... . If You Want Specifically For At-Home Video Game Testing, You Must Find Them Out There... . GAP Members (as am i, gap means gamer advisory pannel, a sony/playstation club) Are Able To Test Out Some Games/Hardware At Home, Most Times, Needed To Send Them Back... . Just Keep Looking Out There (classifieds, craigslist) And Chances Are You Will Find One..I'm not sure such a thing exists.  Game testing is usually done in the gaming labs at the actual developers studio -instant feedback is rather important during the later stages of the development cycle.  Plus, game testers aren't usually hired specifically for that purpose, but are done by interns at the studio or by members of the programming team themselves.
The way I used was to get on your bicycle and go around until the egg hatches. To make them happy, keep using items on it (Iron, zinc, ect.) and keep on giving them haircuts in the underground1.Bike AND 2. go in lops when you go places!what makes your egg hatch is how many steps you take but if you get on your bike each square counts as 2 steps so get on your bike and use it like crazy
Working over a bowl, pierce one end of a raw egg with a pin. Pierce the other end, and use the pin to enlarge the hole slightly and break yolk. Blow out insides using an egg-blowing tool (from a craft store) or a rubber ear syringe (available in a baby dept), forcing contents of the egg out through the larger hole into a bowl. Sometimes you can manually blow it out but the hole may end up being a litle larger.wash the eggs first to help you not to get sick. take a large sewing needle and make a hole in both ends of the egg. stick the needle inside the egg and swish it around to break up the yolk. place your mouth on the smaller of the two holes and blow the contents into a bowl.Poke the top and bottom with a needle carefully and blow hard until the contents are emptied.Tap two holes in it one on each end, Gently with a nail (yes this is possible.) You have to take the nail into the hole to break up the yolk and then blow the stuff out the other end. You can then boil it for 2-3 mins if you want to make sure it is bacteria freeto hard boil an egg in order to decorate it do the following:. 1.   Place the egg in a saucepan.  .   . 2.   Run cold water into the saucepan until the water is 1 inch above the egg. (Image 1)  .   . 3.   Place the saucepan on a stove and cook over medium heat until the water begins to boil.  .   . 4.   Reduce the heat to low.  .   . 5.   Simmer for 2 to 3 minutes for soft-boiled eggs or 10 to 15 minutes for hard-boiled eggs. (Image 2)  .   . 6.   Remove the egg with a spoon or ladle and let it cool slowly, or run cold water over it to cool it more quickly.With a sewing needle poke a hole in both ends, carefully stir up the inside with the sewing needle, and gently blow out the insides of the egg.I make Ukranian Easter eggs (pysanky), so I've done a lot of this. It may be too late if you're decorating eggs for this Easter, but I recommend a little pump that's made specifically for this job. My favorite is the Blas-Fix.. http://www.relativelycrafty.com/main/eggsupplies.htm. You only have to put one hole in the egg (it comes with a little hand "drill," which is nice), then you insert a tiny metal tube into the hole and gently squeeze the little "accordian" plastic bulb. The air forces the egg out of the same hole. You can then fill the bulb with water and pump water into the egg to rinse out the inside.. . I used to use the actual blowing method, but this is SO much easier.well i have alittle pump and it comes w/ a little drill bit and a bulb and what you do is put one hole w/ the drill bit on only one side of the egg and then you take the bulb and it sucks parts and peices out then you fill the bulb w/ water and squeeze the water into the egg and it cleans it all out w/ only one hole...its really cool and very handy...FYI- I have been told by a supplier of lots of eggs for crafting that a small air pump from an aquarium works for blowing out eggs.  The plastic tubing is attached to the pump and then held against the smaller hole in one end of the egg.  The contents then exit through the larger hole in the opposite end of the egg.
You CAN!!!!!. but you need cd burning software like nero or roxio to do it....and its not exactly legal. . you tell the software that you wanna copy the cd and then you choose to burn it as a disk image....that will make a copy of the disc onto your computer and then you can use a virtual drive to load and play the imagebuy another one. Use alcohol 120 and insert the disk.you are straight fucked!!you need to find its crackyou can notYou don't!u cant play it   with out the disk but you could get sims 2 on ps2 it is great and you can get other great sim games.. sorry that you have lost the disk
online poker isn't random at all. online poker plays the best hands to the people who hav learned the cycle of cards that are played when they do certain things, such as not bluffing when they need a card.i find it best to change my seat when not winningIn the long run everybody gets the same amount of good hands and bad hands. "Long" being a the key word. In the short term, things can go any direction and swings can seem wild and unpredictable.  . . I've had runs where I've gone over two hours without winning a single hand. On the other hand, I've also gotten pocket Aces three hands in a row.  These are both rare of course, but they are examples of strange, unlikely streaks that can and do happen. Thing are rarely "normal".. . Going 1 hr 45 mins without winning a hand is a pretty tough run of cards but not completly uncommon.. . You should only win 1 hand in 10 if everybody is playing everyhand until the end. Even then, over 20 or 30 hands it wouldn't be unlikely that some player at the table wouldn't win a single hand. Hopefully you're not playing that many hands though. . . In games with wild players, you're likely going to win quite a bit less than 10% of hands if you're playing well. When you do win though, all those suckers will be there to pay you off with a big pot. If you play too many hands you will win a larger % of pots but you'll make less money because you'll be paying to go to the river and show down more often. . . Poker requires patience that is unimaginable to most beginning players. 1 hr 45 minutes is nothin', in the grander scheme of the game.because it's not random. Poker involves lots a skill, they´ve got it, you don´t!
Kmann I think she means but Viedo game form the PC to a CD/game Disk!I use ImgBurn to burn everything. Including my PS2, Gamecube, and Xbox backups. Best part is, it is not only a superior product, it's free.put in fire place, gather some newspaper, find a match, light the match, and put the lighted match on the newspaper. and poof you just burned your video games!! boy was that ever tough!!Using fire.
You must go back to the store where you bought your gadget and the sooner the better. If you dont have the receipt, try to exchange it to a good one.it's time to get a refund..hope u saved the receipt..could be a loose connection within the pedal mechanismget my next door neighbor to fix it, lol.. . no, u could probably bring it to a computer dude or something.
I dont know! But God said he would supply our every need! bye, have a Blessed Day!just stopn playing lottery, it comes to u...luckhack into the lottery system, and see the winning numbers!Lotteries are all the proof you need that there are no real psychics  If there were people who could see the future, the lotteries wouldn't last very long, would they?i dunno but when you find out let me knowKeep buying lottery tickets until you run out of money.. Your chances are better getting struck by lighting and I'm sure you don't want to do that.If I know how to win the lottery would I be sitting here answering your question instead of spoiling myself.. my question is, why can't I win the lottery?by buying 5 million tickets ......its almost a cert u will win ...Try playing it.  If you don't play, you don't have a chance.  If you find out how to win, by all means please tell me.  I want to win too. lolConsidering that you not only have to use the right numbers, they also have to be in the correct sequence your chances are almost nil.  . . One statistician recently calculated that you have a better chance at getting struck by lightning 5 times!. . Lotteries are a tax on the poor because mostly poor people play the fool's game.  People of moderate or extravagant means rarely waste their money in such ways.. . I was recently in a 7-11 and there were people buying food with food stamps and spending their cash on lottery tickets, booze and smokes.  The odds are, they'll still be in the 'hole' ten years from now.. . Johnnyyou pays your money and takes your chancesThe unfortunate part about upping your chances to win is that you must first spend money to even have a chance...play that half the battle right there . then its all dumb luckby chance. the odds of someone getting struck by lightning are better than winning the lottery.buy more...you will have a big chance to win.YOU GOTTA BE IN IT TO WIN IT!! AND ALOT OF GOOD LUCK!just keep playing and hopingOnce the jackpot exceeds the number of possible results, buy every possible ticket. This is the only way to be sure to win.play play and play again. Hope it can helptry again and again untl you get lucky.Never give up.Or follow the numbers behind a fortune cookie.
Unfortnately for the earlier answerer, FFXII is coming for the PS2...though PS3's backwards compatibility will let it play on the PS3.. . I'd say it is hard to go wrong with Metal Gear Solid 4.  Other than 2's convuluted story, the series is amazing.I can't wait for it to come out either.   I actually put in my early reservation for it.   . . Games?  The most recent version of Madden for the PS3 will be great.   I'd also like to see what the next Star Wars game for it will be.I don't know. What games will b on it?Metal Gear Solid!IM JUST WAITIN 4 IT TO COME OUT YAAAYFF XIISoul Calbur 4!! I know 3 just came out but still...
playgo for it.I know Socom 1/2 and MGS 3 Substance are free.  X-men should be free, the only games on ps2 that i know charge you are the MMO games like FFXI.
I have Barbies and I have the same problem.  I don't know any links but you should find out how barbie hair is taken care of.  I was told to wet a comb and gently comb thrugh it takes a loong time but it works.  You have to be careful not to pull out any hair.Try giving it a perm. See how that works out. XDiguess use a wig brush i do it all the time yes i am a kid and a girlWell my sister has my Little Ponys and when their hair starts frizzing out she take her hair rollers that aren't hot and put their hair up in it till she feels like taking it down
Just keep playing it.  Try to get the faster ovens and icing stations when you can.  Also, I get a cake plate for the center island thing (& especially in the upper levels) I will bake a cake that I think will be one of the most popular (like the egg shaped cake in the spring) early on when it's not busy, so that when it gets busy & someone orders that style cake, I don't have to wait for it to be made.The more you play it the better you will get.. Always get the best (fastest) equipment as soon as you can.. Pay attention to what the customers order and when they order it.  You can almost second guess some of these.  Do not be afraid to take risks.. If you have the 45 level version, you must have very fast ovens and icers to keep up at times.  Also practice doing more than one item at a time.here is a baking hint for a cake ok......never go wrong with it.and trust me i cant make a cake without doing it. if you have a vanilla cake use one box of pudding mix added to the cake mix. ( just pour the pudding powder into the cake mix ) and walah you have a moist cake that cant go wrong.  so remember if you do chocolate use chocolate pudding. always use the flavor of the cake.
Briefly... Australian football uses an oval shaped ball, is played on a round pitch and the players can pick up the ball and pass by 'punching' it. Also score can be in a net, over or between posts. European football (soccer) is with a round ball, can only be kicked when in play and scores by only going in the goal.The shape of the ballaussies use hands and feet. cross between rugby and footballaustralian football is more like rugby than football
Just go To Options And then turnoff the music. it's so simpleread it in the direction of the game i guess.Truthfully I don't know and I don't care. Stop playing games on your computer for one, second go and find yourself a girl and figure out how to play her instead. Comprende.
It's simple! You love adventure, cool graphics, an awesome story line and the Disney Magic! When you combine all three, you get Kingdom Hearts!This is why:. CLOUD.. KURAUUUDO-SAMA, KAKKOI! *fangirl squeals*I DUNNO. But i like "passion" the song. But japanese version.RPG genre is always so addictable and for Square-enix games. is almost is more than any other games addictable. like FF series and KH :Dthat's all
Assuming you are talking about video games, and that it is not a computer hardware issue (you aren't going to make top spot on a slow computer/'net connection), the best way to improve reaction time is through practice, LOTS of practice. . . But not just any practice. Play against the best you can. Playing against mediocre players only boosts your abilities to a mediocre level. Also, buy some high-quality headphones, so that you can hear the direction people are coming in (for first-person shooters), as well as using visual references. But the main things is just a lot of practice, and being so comfortable with certian moves that you do them for a given situation without thinking.idkDo sports or activities that requires focus, quick analysis of the situation and reacting quickly and appropriately. For example, martial arts. You have to move your body & body parts to avoid damage and counter attacks but at the same time focus on the opponent's weakness, your offense and your approach.. . In my opinion, reflex solely depends on the person's focus.Be attentive, very attentive, drop things and catch them mid air, beat gravity, that will make you seem quick, always watch things, so that you are the first to see them and the first to react, video games might help, never forget to do all these things, practice, practice, practice, focus on things you think might help you and you will eventually be good at it.practicejoin sports and go though agililty drills. Do quick feet work. FOCUS. do a lot of quick fast and short exercises.Get off the "Mary Jane"system restore system defragment disk cleanup all in your performance and maint. file in start menu
It's his hobby. As long as he doesn't ignore you, it should be fine.Socom 3 Is a manly games you can say... 16 Navy Seals Trained to whoop the Other 16 peoples Asses..so he will probably feel more tough after Killing 5 people in a row. and after you get your first head shot your hoooked its over..and mostly older teens/men play this game and Everybody Talks Shit and thats another thing that keeps you hooked..cuz its fun!Most people who play video games regularly become obsessed with one game or another for a period of time.  Part of the reason for that is that when you play a game, you get better at it over time, and it becomes more fun as a result.  In addition, you meet a network of friends whom you play with as a form of socializing combined with competition, sort of like sports.. . Socom 3 is one of the best games out there right now, so there are a lot of gamers who are really into it.  Eventually, he'll either plateau (i.e. stop getting better) and get bored, or else he'll burn out (i.e. stop having fun) and get himself off the game.  Unfortunately for most hardcore gamers, there'll always be another great game eventually, so don't expect this to be a one-time thing.  Gaming is probably going to be a part of his life as long or longer than you are.. . That being the case, if you really like this guy, you need to start planning things with him ahead of time and holding him to those plans.  Hardcore gamers tend to use their free-time (i.e. unplanned time) playing games. So during his hardcore periods, you're going to have a hard time convincing him to do non-gaming activities on a regular basis, unless he's already promised you he'd do something else.. . If you find yourself making plans with him, and he's STILL gaming instead of keeping the plans, that means one of two things (or a combination of both):. . A. he doesn't like you enough to keep his promises. B. he's one of the gamers who is so addicted that he's lost all sense of proportional importance of the game versus real life.. . Either way, that would be the time to break up with him, because if it's A. you can do better, and if it's B., by sticking with him, you're enabling him to be a jerk and a loser, instead of getting his gaming habits in balance with the rest of his life.  Good luck.my friend plays it a lot too. i asked him why and he said because it is so much fun.My best friend played that game non stop. I suck at it so I hate it, all you gota do to get him off of it is delete his profile and he will not play, just change the password. Trust me , if you get good at it , it gets more addicting then crackBecause its damn fun.cuz thatt game is so cool lol
I sit on the couch.  Holding my controller.  Watching the TV.usually play them in the nude. :)with a controller and tvwith um a um system um that um supports um them.You must be some stupid matha f.ucker you grab the stupid control and and push buttons even i know that and don't play video games as much other people do!!!read the manualwith a game system and a large tvis this some type of joke?  What are you even asking here?  plug the console in and read the manuals.with a ps2 :Dwith a controllertake controller. plug into system (consel). plug in video-audio and power cords... uh... read the stupid manual for the game.... and turn on ur tv. yep.Obviously this guy is just messin around. that was hilariousput your left foot in and right foot out and you shake it all about.thats a stupid question to ask all you have to do is just play.with your toesyuo play with good eye hand cordination
flirt with himeasy i am here and i am all yours =-)you are nuts!You learn proper English. You ask "How do you get a man?" and "How do you get a man to talk.". . Oh, and have big boobs.just flirt and be nice....thats wat all my guy friends like....start a on going conversation....ask him if he wants to go 2 sumwhere wit u if u like him.....well best of luck l8erAct like the intelligent, confident, beautiful woman that you are. If he digs that, he will be attracted to you. If he doesn't, then he's a loser and move on.
If you need market reaserch, I would love to try it out!  My family is BIG on board games!!well, I can't answer your question entirely (as I'm too lazy to look the same information up for myself). However, I recommend that you contact Ed Trice (the inventor of the Gothic Chess variant) at the following e-mail (gothichessinfo@aol.com). You may be able to find out some of what you'd like to know from him.Try to get your game patented through one of the agencies that works with the patent office.  After completing that, then you should approach some of the larger board game companies, ie Milton Bradley, with a written proposal and a presentation showing them your game.
I like Hardware, Killzone and Pro Evo Soccer 5.sims. all of themNFS most wanted. But X-BOX is bette suited. Only thing, viruses ae making a kill ove here too. Just recently the PS2 of my friend got screwed because of a virus.
I was also looking for something similar.  I know everquest and World of Warcraft are very popular.. . I have some characters on Ragnarok.  I'll play again soon I hope - have to deal with school first.my personal favorite online games is rune scape (at runescape.com) it takes place in a middle earth type setting and thier are so many different things you can change about your character and like 30 times more stuff if your a member
thank you for answering your own question.  do you hide your own easter eggs?There's your answer..................................
Just Keep Playing The Games Around Club Penguin... . However, You Cannot Spend The Coins On Club Penguin Unless You Are A Paid Subscriber, Which Lets You Access All Of Club Penguin..you just play games mine acount is cool goo
You could put a small hole in the head and inject water till it is almost full. Then freeze it.Look up in phone book or Internet for dolly hospitals, no joke they do have them.I don't know what a Diego doll is. However my first thought is take the head off if it is removable and press out the dent with your finger from the inside.It depends how big of a dent is in the doll?. Its possible to re form the heads shape by taking off the head, holding the head over steaming hot water(To make the vinyl or plastic pliable) and trying to re press the head from the inside depending on exactly what the doll is made of.. The head source can also be a hair dryer set on high.. If I had more information on the damage and what the doll is made of I could possibly give you a more detailed description of how to fix the problem.Sure you can but you might need a new vinyl.
it is a 22 kilometres non-stop racethe meaning of marathon is epic or long walks.. Lots of people gather in one place for the common cause and walk.Marathon is a bay to the east of Athens where the Athenian army defeated the Persians in the 5th century BC. A runner covered the 42,181 metres of distance to Athens to announce the victory. The Marathon race commemorates the event.
dota is the name of the map in Warcraft.I "dota" know! Ha!dota is just a map of warcraft, although it has a different game rule. you are only allowed to control one player (hero) in it. dota is just a game patch for warcraft.its a UMS game in warcraft. Defender of the ancients!I think it is sort of an expansion of warcraft. Instead of leading an entire batallion, you only control one character.. . Honestly, I never even touched it. But most of my friends are masters of dota, and they know it like the back of their hand.
One way is through a lot of on-air advertising. Companies pay big bucks to have their stuff broadcast over the radio.ads ads ads. . also promotional items and concerts (summerjam and winterjam in z100's case)
The chess program probably had to open up in another window.  If you have pop-up blocker enabled, it will hide the window so you can't open it.  All you have to do is turn off your pop-up blocker then you'll probably be able to play the game.when you see this, there might be a little yellow window on the top of you screen. If you right click it, you can allow the pop up one time, always ect..Unblock your pop up blockers.  Go to your tools at the top of the tool bar and Enable thee blockers then you should be able to play.  Have funyou must have a popup blocker on. it stops popup windows from appearing, assuming that all popups are ads.. turn off your popup blocker.You know what i'm not sure ask someone if you need to know something.
You should wait until the Nintendo Revolution is released in the winter season this year, you'll be able to download and play a complete library of games through it going back all the way to the NES.. . As for Nintendo being a turd, I agree to disagree.  I've been playing their games on their systems for years, and have no intention of switching platform developers anytime soon.Nintendo ROCKS ,, ,, ,, ,, It is not a TurdNintendo is not a turd and i declare thee smited for such blasphemy.Problem here is that Nintendo is still making a decent amount of money on first party games. Much like Mircrosoft only makes some titiles for there console. Wait for the Nintendo Revolution. It is rumored to play most GameCube games, as well as emulate through download all older Nintendo games.. Other than that, you could always research Emulation, but not sure it exists for GameCube
its for the keyboards and specially designed control units.  sadly you cant play online using those because sony was to greedy and had to deisgn the playstation modemto hook up ur PS2 to a computer to play online. U can also hook it up to a PSP to play video games on the Ps2 off ta PSP
I would consider specializing in a position (you can be big or little and do well in football depending on the position). If you are shorter, I would try do build your speed and muscle mass and become a defensive player. If you are tall I would ask your school's coach if you can look at the plays and learn every possible route you can. Also practice catching hand-offs and passes from someone.Use steroids!!!Just practice a lot of tennis. Then, try really focusing in on some perfecto basket weaving. After this, you will be a professional football player.Study ballet.
the best channel is G4TechTV it has in depth coverage but is only available in dish or extended cableG4TV will have full coverage starting at 4 PM (PST) on the first day of E3. Then specials throughout the day.Check on G4 Tech T.V, I am sure they will have coverage.
you need to get some graphite grease, rub this all over the lense then put the whole system in the dish washer. if it does not make it better, ask sonythere are dvd laser lens cleaners you could try but many of the ps2's had a crummy laser.  if you cant get it to work with that after the ps3 comes out all the old ps2's are going to be dirt cheep.
The same reason we have fingernails- to protect the very sensitive skin, nerve endings and capillaries in our extremities-. . There is a God- we were planned very well.To create a new canvas for snazzy art. . http://www.allthingsnails.co.uk/gallery%20toe%20nail%20art.htm. . But, seriously:. .  According to the online encyclopedia, the human and primate nail corresponds to the claw, hoof, or talon of other animals. Human nails protect the tips of the toes and fingers, while fingernails help us pick up small objects and scratch ourselves.. . On the other hand, the feet of primates are capable of gripping objects, just like their hands, so their toenails have much the same function as fingernails. However, human toenails seem to be an evolutionary leftover.So we can go get pedicures.they are leftover claws from when we needed them to climb trees and dig.So that we can annoy our flat mates by clipping them in the middle of the living room!Just so that we have something else on our body that needs to be groomed and taken care of.because we're human...... y would you wonder about that?Just in case they  lose their hands,they can still scratch theirself.To protect your toes from getting a horrible smashh and breaking.
sounds illegal :PI have not done it myself but Xbox games are DVD's i beleive and you need a dvd burner. Also, you need to install a special chip in the xbox that involves opening it and soddering it to motherboard, anyways sounds expensive and wholly not worth it.maby if you get the xbox chippedI find it easiest to take a photo.  This can be kept in a safe place should any unfortunate event befall the original game.  In this event, remove the photo from its safe hiding place and relive old memories as if they happened yesterday!
Your avitar will need to see a counselor and start taking hormone injections.  After a year of this then it will be ready for the sex change operation.On the top right hand side of the screen there's a link called Preferences. You can change your avatar's gender there, or delete the whole thing.click on your name and goto edit info, scroll down till u see "picture" select "use avatar" and choose one . . with a yahoo 360 account you can get a pic like mine or any pic you choose to put here :)Why?. Just why?. Are you male or female?. see a counselorto change ur avatar gender i do it all da time u have to go to the avatar center(where u make ay avatar) go to prefernces click on it and bam there u go it says change my avatar gender and u click change
It is a word used to describe an activity one does in their leisure time i.e. golf, gardening, painting, creating crafts, reading.. Ultimately these could all be one's profession.  To be able to pursue your most favorite activity and earn a living at it would be true happiness.something you do for fun to pass the time.... you have to enjoy it.hobbie is something you enjoy doing it, you never stop doing it. you always like to do it. it is really fun for you.being sastisfied in ur life . with the girl u love and she love u close to ur god and have good job in ur fieldhobby is something you enjoy to do, something you. really like to do....:)
Do you mean, why is six afraid of 7?. . Because seven ate nine.I don't know but 6 is afriaid of 7 because 7 ate (8) 9Because 789 (Seven Ate Nine). Hungry guy, that number seven.. . What do you call Batman and Robin after they run over with a steamroller?. . Flatman and Ribbon! (my favorite kids joke!)7 8 9. 7 ate 9OK -- let's start over.   . . Why IS the number seven (afraid) of the number nine?Because there's an "ate" between them !!!!!Because 7 eat 9.
WHO KNOWS!! BUT I HOPE ITS SUMPTHIN GOOD    DONT U?for u to be proud of urself... lol... i dont know what they for too...You get a reward aka: a thank you, for answering.  There also is a competition to go to the FIFA world cup and every time your answer gets a "best" you get an entry.The points are mostly just an incentive for people to start answering questions, and also to vote on other answers, and finally, to rate other people's answers.. . Other than that, the points don't do anything. You do get some extra 'attention' at higher levels, but that may or may not be a good thing. There are no secret special prizes, at least none that any of us at Level 7 have heard of.. . Mostly, just enjoy the site, ask and answer questions. If you like, keep track of your points as you move up in levels. After awhile, you'll be more interested in responding to people's questions with quality answers.They say there's a surprise at the last level
With almost every game, after you defeat the final level/boss, the credits roll. Unless you can press the 'Start' or 'X/A' buttons to skip it; you'll just have to sit there and wait for the credits to end. 9 out of 10 times, after the credits finish rolling, you are asked if you would like to save the game.As far as I know, you can't. It's a bummer eh? Lets hope they change that for Kingdom Hearts II.
Depends on the kind of hackey sack. If it's a leather one, take a needle or toothpick, and work it into one of the seams, and slowly pour out some of the sand or dirt. If it's a fabric sack with beads, you can just cut a tiny hole and pop the beads out one by one, then sew it back up when you are done.cut it open or puor it out all over the floormake a little hole and squeeze one outpoke a hole big enuf and pour them out
plug in the usb cabel and drag the pic under photoIf you can't using your USB cable then try a Card reader instead. You can get them in many varieties that can read upto 33 different types of storage cards.
It's easy. You back up your old model files then replace them with the new player models.Just replace the model files with a new one
put a ticket machine outside your house and charge them to use your stuff. easy money if you dont mind random sims wandering around your house ;). . Add a chess table, poker table, hot tub they will stay for hours with those things around.either get a job or use an easel paint some stuff and then sell it buy something that you can use to make something and sell the finished product if you can get everyone in your house to do that plus a job youll rake in a lot of profitYou wait until you can't stand it any longer then you cheat to get the money....basically.
Pretty much what everyone else said... every console needs a power cord and a cable cord. But I do have a suggestion I thought was worth posting! If you have the original Nintendo game it's legal to play their emulated versions on your computer. It's easier with very few chances of lockups and whatnot as opposed to the console.That guy who gave it to you just ripped you off. Every console(except handhelds) need a power cord.You have to have the power cable. if he only gave you one cable then you need to talk to him or look online for a new one.no red light means no power, check the power cord
Online COOL!!!!if you have the slim ps2, you dont need anything. just plug the wire u use to connect to the internet and youre good.. if you have the original ps2, buy a network adapter from www.ebgames.com or www.gamestop.comA PS2 and the modem to go with it.You'll first need the network adapter, unless you have the newer model PS2 that has it built in.  You'll need a high speed connection, so either an ethernet cable that's connected to a modem needs to plug into the adapter, or a bridge for a router.  Headsets are also nice.A PS2 network adapter. I got mine at circuit city for $20. :)Get the on line kit and cost around $20.00
It's when someone gets 100 points in a break. Simple eh?beep the hawrn dawg
im not sure what ur asking here, but, u spelt the word wrong. it's psychology, and, yes, it is the study of human behavior yet more related to the human thought patterns and understanding thereofI don't knowYeah... you just answered your own question. You study human behavior in a scientific way.psychology is the study of the human mind and how it affects our behaviour, sociology is the study of human behaviour
triangle commands and combos. when he does that crazy attack in the end, you can actually jump as he is shooting in circles and then you can run as he showers you with bulletsI had LOADS of trouble with him, and finally came up with a tactic. When he disappears and appears above you, do not jump as you will just get hit. backtrack and not forward. and then he will reload. strike him. then as he has 1 bar left, he will portal you to a circular pedestal and unleash attacks. jump while he appears, and when he unleashes the many many shots attack, simply run in a circle AROUND him at the furthest radius as possible. after that, he will be vulnerable, only for one combo. use this chance wisely.get behind him and start hitting him then dodge his attack . when he turns and keep doing this step?
On the PC, it requires a "Hot Coffee" mod which can be downloaded from certain websites.. . On the PS2, you need cracking hardware (similiar to gameshark) and enter a code.. . Not just anyone can get to it, and that's why this whole arguement is so stupid.Yes you can.. You won't see any nakedness.. Just pick up a hooker in a car.. like a four door... And take her to some bushes and park so your sorta hiding in it. The car will rock and you'll fill your health 125.Yup Just Go And Pick A Girl Then Go To Garage Or Pay n spray. or You Can Have It With One of Your Girl Friendyes by riding in a cool car and slowly drive your car to the sideway ,then find a girl,then if the girl say want to have a good time then press right in the d-pad then she will ride in your car , finally find a palce that is discreet without people then the girl will say this is the place then press right again then it will happend.
just wait until he stops. there is no cure for hiccups.Deep breaths in and out for several minutes.  Hiccups are the spasms of your diaphragm.  Deep breaths relaxes all your muscles including the diaphragm.One way is to hold your breath (best to pinch your noes) and drink a glassful of water.. . Second way (and more efficient in my opinion) is to stop breathing and freeze as long as you can.Drink water much. Scare self bad. Eat sugar tablespoon whole.  Hold breath long time.  If these not work.  Put head between knees and goodbye kiss butt.A tablespoon of Peanut ButterEat a spoonful of peanut butter.  It will work everytime.when someone gets the hiccups around you ask their middle name. that works, but only if the person that has the hiccups doesn't ask you to ask them what their middle name is.Take a small glass of water, about 3Tbsp, and light a match.  Put the match out in the water try to sniff the smoke from the match at the same time you drink the water.  The hiccups are history.
i don't know how to kill it but try this site. gamefaqs.com it may have a wakthrough on your game.Personally, I just lob an EMP grenade/ thermal detonator at a battlefdroid and finish off the few remaining stragglers with the machine gun or melee them. With Droideka, I use a sniper rifle or an EMP grenade to give me a bit of time to finish it off with melee attack. Or if they're in groups just lob a lost of Thermal detonators. With Supoerbattledroids, I just lob a thermal and an EMP together, or just the EMP on its own then take it down via melee
u can start a garden while exploring the animals that depend on them for food. u can also personalize a place mat, or take a hike around your  neighbourhood, and try to spot your state bird, flower or tree.try finiding ways to go rouck climing or things like that you will find lots of things to amuse your selftry new things !
Well Hint , Hint , maybe they dont sell it! DuhComes up for me
Depends where you go. In Australia you will need a Miners Right.i think it depends where you go. i know on certain battle fields you have to turn everything in, but they might let you keep some of it.
A split where the two pins are pretty close together when if you just throw the ball directly between them you will pick it upThat is ice cream topped with cherries a couple on bananas and some nuts. The nuts come from the baby split you just did when you crossed the foul line and slipped on the alley oil and busted your asp.
What does this have to do with amusement parks? If you're going to ask a question, put it in the right category please.It hits you like a landslide, you always want him around and when he is not you cant wait to see him.  Its the butterflies, almost like when your first giddy about the boy.. . I like million capsules answer, made me pause for a minute.when you stop asking others.When he takes you to the Amusement Park!!~:()=When you realize that not only do you want to be with him, but he is your best friend, and you can talk about anything, you feel that he is always honest, and puts you before his friends.You will know. Its like magic.. . Love is omnipresence, Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres. Love never fails.when a boy takes his time to write letters to you, says with a straight face he loves you takes you places like some where  niceyou feel it and you just know. You are smiling just when you see them calling or know they are on their way and every time you seem them it is like the first time.You will feel like you have never felt before !Well that depends on you. Ask yourself Do I really love him? Does he really love me? Do I think about him? Does he think about me? I know cuz there is this boy that loves me but, he is just afraid to say it.Thats up to you to decide.Trust your feelings and  listen to your intuiton.. they will let you knowwhen u get high off someones scent.. when u read their txt msgs. over and over.. u think bout them ALL the time. when u hang up u miss them after 2 minsI can assure you that you won't find the answer to that one on the Internet!all love is real...it's just a matter of what you're willing to put up with to sustain it.  maybe you should start by defining what 'love' is...for me, love is when your own happiness is directly dependent on the happiness of the person you love.  IE-if they're not happy, neither are you, and WHATEVER it is that's going to make someone you love happy has to be O.K. with you, otherwise...that ain't love...extreme example-if my wife REALLY wants to sleep with the cute guy she flirts with at work, if that's REALLY gonna make her happy...i gotta let her do it 'cause I love her...granted, if she loved me and thought that would make me unhappy, she wouldn't...but then again, love is rarely reciprocated that equally...somebody in every relationship loves the other person more...or thinks they do.When you get married.
211 i think.  not sure though.  i failed kindtergardenit's 2. what kind of person does'nt know what 1+1 is??!2 POINTS2!! Yay for me. 1+1 is 2...Together, will usually result in becoming 3.....in a period of aproximately 9 months later.is there a point to your your question. . 1+1= what ever the government want's it to be2. Yes I have superior math skills!Your I.Q. I'm guessing.Huh!? Is this some kind of a joke? It's 2 of course.is that a trick question?
its pretty cool, not as great as the original DDR but i guess its the best comprimise if you cant buy another system. It has a mario and Lugi dancing in the background and all the songs are related to the games...its ok I guessIts ok good color and graphicsits good my brother played it and he likes it so it must me pretty good.
you just get points and lets people know how good/bad you are at answering those questions and asking them you points taken away . check the area where it shows points for asking and or answering.There is no real benefit except that it makes the site a little more fun.Nothing, other then you get to ask and answer more questions per day.Some kind of prize when you reach a certain amount of points. It doesn't say what the prize is.. . Click.. "Tell Me More" and you'll seeYou get to keeping doing this more and more until all your doing is breathing, asking, answering, voting on, rating and commenting on questions!  Yeah!I know that when you ask, you lose 5 points and you can't ask if you have less than 5 points. And you earn them by answering. Then you go up levels, I think.
Take the rag, and fold it over, then under, in little increments ... repeatedly.  Like they showed you in elementary school with paper... so that it resembles stairs.   wire the middle tightly into a knot.  Unfold and voila... a flowerI don't know about that idea with the wire if you are plannin on someone being able to use these rags-of course if unless it's a thin wire or thread. I say fold it in half, fold it in half again. Use the edge with the two loose edges and the "folded" edge out for the flower petals.. and just bend or fold and stitch in like half-inch, inch increments.  Definetly easier to imagine than to describe. Just keep stitching to the center.
study the game spyhunter.. especially the ability to turn into a speedboat!Show him the pictures of you two having sex. It will crush his spirit.
u get it as a random event... u just gotta hope it comes just like getting a frog mask or somethingits a random event just train skills or combat you will get one eventually.first you have to make it to the next land then find a cave in the northeast, you will find it thereWell there's plenty of ways to get a mime, but the most common one is when you train combat. Try to stay silent when training combat, don't use special attacks, and don't move your camera around. You'll be bound to get more random events that way, and hopefully a mime as well!Mimes are entirely randomly encounted throughout runescape. It is more common to encounter one in members world. I got mine while I was fletching.i bought it on
I do!!!!!!!! i started last year & i am the only majorette 4 my school even the high school & i am only in middle but anyway i love it & i couldn't imagine not twirling!I do!!  It runs in my family. My mother did it for several years and won many awards and then I learned and followed in her footsteps for awhile. I agree though, it is starting to become a thing of the past.
I would get a quilting club going and then u can talk and enjoy the work because if u are going to hand quilt u will want some company. Thats how they did it in the old days!There are a number of quilting books that tell you how otherwise I would suggest you join a quilting group or go to the Craft and Stitches show as there is a lady that demonstrates with a silver thimble how to hand quilt.  Some shops e.g. Hobbysew have classesThis site gives some direction & a few examples (pics)Of course there's more to it, but basically you use a running stitch.
I Know and have known a lot of black men and women. I can not think of any that would be called ghetto. I live in a mixed middle class neighborhood in the south. So I think what you are seeing is just a misconception you have.Ghetto is not a color,  Ghetto is a poverty level.. . . . . . . Ghettwhy are poor white people portrayed as white trash and rednecks?  answer one, you know the answer to bothBecause the media continues to portray people of color as ghetto in movies and TV shows.maybe because they know that black people are prettyI agree with the last guy.  Ghetto is not a color, it is a statement about wealth, or lack of as the case may be.  Sadly, thanks in part to the media (not just though who have lighter skin in the media, but though with darker skin too), though with darker skin are associated with poverty.  It is an untrue statement and just a tool to keep certain groups in power.
Consult a walkthrough for the game then in the bestiary look what fiends drop the sphere and in what area. the enemie that you can steal it from it's a Defender Z (you know the big looking knights) but it's a rare item so equip rikku with a weapon with an add-onn ability and also by bribing a Demonolith which is found Inside Sin, bribe it with 900,000 and it will reward you with 40 lv 3 key spheres, If you are not strong enough to beat omega ruins build up your experience, try a double experience add-on ability then kill all characters except one, go to a place suitable for your level and fight a lot with that character until you earn enough points to be learning at least Ultima with lulu and also try getting the most powerful weapons for all character, however if your sphere grid is not as strong at this point I would recommend start the game all over again and try building up experience from the very beginning, Enjoy The Game!it's demonolith and defender Z.. or behemoth in sin. but it's better for u to bribe demonolith.. it doesn't cost much but i don't remember how much... u can try to look in www.gamefaqs.com
pogo.comYahoo! Games and select Literati. It's the same as scrabble, just a different name.GO TO YAHOO'S GAMES SECTION AND CLICK ON LITERATI!! ITS LOTS OF FUN!!I recommend the free site . http://www.games.com. play on line all over the world for free...
Forget that fool. I played and beaten mario sunshine. If u mean that petty pirahna, when it open its mouth and when it fall down use ground pound on its belly repeat it several times and it should dieme                                                     u beat me n then u win lol kiddin idont know just wanted 2 get a good laugh i dont play mario sunshine havnt sence i waz like 7 or so srry i cant help hope u get a betta anwer from some 1 elseIf it is "Petty Piranha" or that big flower with the teeth then this is what you do.. 1.You get your spray nozzle out and shoot it in his mouth.. 2.Then you jump on that belly button on his stomach and jump and use a ground pound.. 3.You just keep doing that until he dies.
by repairing vehicles(like tractors)It depends what mode you are in. Either repair vechicles and other broken objects or you have to find them when it is your task e.g. on monday there is one in the northwest corner of the lab etc
I got my PC from an office site where it was being used for office stuff, and Civ IV wouldn't work at all.  I put a new graphics card in and it worked but it was still slow.  Then I went to the CivIV website and downloaded thier patch and now it works great.  The patch goes and cleans up stuff you don't need like if you talk english you don't need 100 other languages worth of text in there and so forth.I'm not going to remember exactly what the fix is, but I have a Sony Vaio that would not run Civ at first, but now does... there is some fix you can use if you are having the black screen where units don't uncover new squares.  Try looking in some of the Civ community pages and search for "Cheshire Cat."  The name comes from the diplomacy screen where you often times only see eyes or teeth or a hat.  Hope that helps.By upgrading it to an alienware laptop
you mean your 360 doesnt keep crashing? I dont know I wont buy next gen gaming system until the ps3 is released and the blu-ray drive for 360 is released.To avoid the beeping sound when you have a vehicle targeted simply dont look at it till the last second possible. Like on the at thing you can hold down the fire button so you can stay scoped in.
you have to have 9 pials of cards layed out it a row 1 with 1 card one with 2 cards etc. until you get 9............................ the object of the game is too get all the cards out of the game by alternating colors black red black red etc. you try to get aces and get from ace to king in a seperate pile ( yes you move it off the playing area) once you do that with clubs hearts spades and diamonds you win. thats the standered way i dont feel like explaining spider solitare because u can get it on ur computer just go to games.Play with yourself
The second one is .37 inches wider and 1.13 inches longer.. . They are very close to the same size, so doing tricks on either should be about the same.one is bigger?
If you're a fan of the Silent hill series,Silent Hill 4 is a great game. The story is as strange and hard to figure out as the rest of the stories in the series. If you're into survival horror in general, and you're trying to choose a game, go with Resident Evil 4 over SH4. SH4 is an ok game, but RE4 is one of the best games in the genre period.it's horror than Silent Hill 1-3.It is alsome. You will pee your pants!lolIt's awesome. And the story mainly focus on the serial killer Walter Saullivan which you can hear from Silent Hill 2.. . I think this game briefly shows his childhood upbringing; how he was force to get involve with the evil cult and why this man became a serial kill in the later life. The ghosts in the game are all named as victim, that gave you a hint that they were kill by this serial killer.. . Interesting thing i found in the game, that the theme of this game mainly focusing on suffering (mental and spiritual). The character suffered the most in the game might be Walter himself; a tender child turned into a cold blood killing machine. Is this familiar to what we heard about some of the real life serial killers?. . Although you can get a good ending in the end, but that doesn't leave you a peaceful or a happy feeling for the pitiful tragic character, Walter Saullivan.
The PSP Can Be Updates In One Of 3 Ways: By Connecting Online By The PSP (1), Use Your PC And Transfer The Update File To Your Memory Stick (2), Or With A New UMD (3)... . See The Following Links On More, And If You Need Any Additional Help, Please Do Contact Me!i dont know!If you have a wireless router just use the PSP's network settings option through infrastructure, or if you have a USB cable follow the instructions on the SCEA.COM website.easy i did it first with grand theft outo lcs. . or you can find an axcess point  like at a hotel or somting and go to update on your menue (all the way to the left and up) and if you get a wireless signal it should up grade you to 2.6 giveing you cool stuffLook on the Playstation website, or Gaming magazine. I suggest buying attachments.
the best way to learn would be to ask someone to show you in person, but it's essentially tossing a ball up, and tossing another before catching the first. it's not easy at all, but you can get some beanbags and practicei dontFirst you have to have two balls in one hand and a next ball in the other. Then you throw the one ball in the air and then move one of the two balls in the next hand. . .         JUST KEEP ON REPEATING
i dunno about the er...but i heard that the godfather has 57 ways to kill sumone and its place setting is in new york...The godfather just like GTA. Go anywhere you want and align with mob families or go against them. Very good game.
wake them up and ask if they are sleeping!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Put someones bra in the freezer well there sleeping and in  the morning put it back were you found it cold and wetput red jelly crystals in their undies while they sleep  , body heat melts them  by morningprank phone calls. call some random number and see what happens.... it's funwarm water to the hand of the sleeping one.. . Shaving cream on the hand, and then scratch their nose with a piece of string.  (Better if video-taped)Draw on they're faces when they are sleeping,it's really fun!Place a sleeping persons hand into a warm bowl of water.Dip a hand in warm water and make someone go #1 in there pants!!Place saran wrap over the seat of the commode and when they get up to "pee" they will wake up quickly when they get wet!after the first person falls asleep, go into the room next door and everyone go to sleep thereWell ,Truth or dare!. . I dare you to eat something I make for you!Put a sleeping person's hand in a bowl of warm water and it will make them wet the bed.When someone is asleep put their hand in a bowl of warm water.  They will usually wet the bed.  Of course there is only so many times you can do this before you lose all your friends.While your friends r asleep, get either some silly string,honey,gel,or some shaving creme and put it either all over their body, or on thier faces!!!           Have fun!!
about as rare as you getting a date any time soonStill playing yugioh?dude its  like so rare that nobody gives a crap!thats my answer dude!!!!!!!1Dang, really???? Cause according to every single card database for Yu-Gi-Oh, 'Master of Dragon Knight' in english doesn't exist, not even for a promotional card. Yes its in Japanese and you can get it for $20.00, but that's it. If you got an english card, its a fraud.
yes the simple way... open ur IM and send him a messageScream and type in your friend's sn in captial letters.. . Works for me!Just look for their name. Or, send them an IM askign what room they are in.
The bonus screen you spoke about is,I'm fairly sure,the GameBoy Advance Bonuses screen.This will only appear when you have a GBA on the GBA-Gamecube Link cable.Either that,or its the screen that shows after you finish the game.. . As for the "L+Y" before quiting code,try starting a level,then try quiting it after you put in the button code.Press L+X at the same time and make  sure your on the right screen.
i dont think they can really can they? but yeah they are so ibcredibly annoying they should do everything they can to take the bots offWhen they come up , I hit the IGNORE tab, Then there will another box asking you to report as spam. Then put a check in the "report as spam" box, then hit the OK tab. Ever since I ve been doing that , I don t have any  bots bugging me.idk . they r so freakin annoying
check your pop up blocker.  be sure it is turned OFF.  be sure you can "accept" cookis from Yahoo.I dunno! The same thing hapens to ME all the time!
When you fight small buu, don't power up beyond super sayjin (I prefer to stick with Kai-o-kann, just to be safe) and you have to WIN the fight with the spirit bomb technique.. . This will cause Goku to "wish" buu to come back (as Uub), and then you'll get the chance to fight him in the world martial arts tournament. You have to win. Be careful, he's got some nice tricks.i already told you the answer from your question before.In order to unlock Uub in Budokai 3, you need to use the Super Spirit Bomb on Kid Buu and kill him with it. That will extend the story mode to the World Martial Arts Tournament where you battle Uub himself. After beating him, you will get the character capsule.
Put your memory card in your PSP and hook up your PSP to your PC via USB.  You need to scroll to the USB connection on your PSP to get the PC to see it.  Then you can check data, look at and modify files.  Or you could just use a memory stick adapter and plug it directly into your pc if you have a media slot for it.yeah, what he said!
By FIFA official rules, it is of a circumference of not more than 70 cm (28 ins) and not less than 68 cm (27 ins). . . It is no more than 450 g (16 oz) in weight and not less than 410 g (14 oz) at the start of the match.I believe it is about 5 oz. in weight.
If the light beam is shining on a shine sprite mosaic that is located on the ground near the place where a boat enters delfino plaza, you need to stand on the shine sprite picture, press Y, and look at the sun.  If done the right way you will be transported to a level.  Other than that, it does not do anything.  Also, to be able to get into korona mountain, you need to complete level 7 of every level.It means that you unlocked a secret area and you have to go around looking for a door. Its the entrance to NarniaOmg that is an old game i used  to know but cant help now sorry
Barbie has to stay with the times! It is sooo old fashioned to stay with your husband for the rest of your life. Vive la divorce!ken is gay as shit and barbie knows it, she's on the prowl for some fresh meat.Barbie turned into a lesbianBecause Ken is old school and she want someone more up to date.i personally don't know and i dont care srry but i dont...Given the circumstances of the relationship, it was bound to end like this.  Afterall, it was an arranged marriage of sorts. Who gets the townhouse and the corvette?  Was Kelli really Barbie's little sister, or was it really her daughter?  You know, back in the day, they didn't want anything to tarnish Barbie's image.They seperated in 2004.His name is Blaine, he lives in southern California and is hot.Ken is on the next Oprah  show. He is so distraught. But, he has found a new love, and he will be jumping up and down on her couch to announce it to the world.thats a gay questionthey have been together 4 ever, she wants to move onI wondered that the other day too. . There are no Ken dolls on the shelfs anymoreBarbie crushed KEN but barbie did not say it to KEN because it is a secret from Barbie's Heart.I know it because i play a Barbie and i see it.And why u ask it? U Can Answer it because your Male same at KEN.barbie likes JI Joe and besides Ken is gay.just she thinks he is gayI used to have a Ken doll...his hair was painted on and he was wearing a purple tuxedo. His head fell off occasionally. I think Barbie gets freaked out by that combination of weirdness.Well, she got tired of him after 43 years and decided to date. Yes, he's Blaine.Thanks for the chuckle.Ken's dating Ryan Seacrest, that's why.they have been off and on since the 70's . . . dude you are slowKen is a fag!!!Cause Barbie is a stuck up crap-hole!because i think they had a poll or something with the pictures of the candidats or something like that....i guess ken just isn't getting the rose this episode..... . ~heatherhttp://blogcritics.org/archives/2004/03/15/034740.php the story lolAnother shrimp for the Barbie.A mid-life crisisKen was too perfect--he must have been hiding something. Can we say midlife crisis?thay broke up a year or 2 or 3 agoBarbie probably thought that her plastic boobs were too big for ken!! Also, she is a blonde, and blondes like to get around... if u know what i mean.u know i dont know i think she got old  brian i thinkWell if you ask me the brat boys are looking pretty fine I think barbie is going out with one of them now... I ll have to search for sure ... or its another GI Joe guy they are built so much better then ken... and they know how to protect and conquer besides... lol
just get a disk doctor, their like $20-30 but a great investment.  it takes away most scratches, unless they are deep, then you're SOL.Ask someone else, not ME! lolYou could get a disc doctor like code red said, or some businesses will clean discs for you if you pay them a few dollars.  Or you could send them away for a new face if they are to deep.  But you probably need to buy a new one if it is really deep.
if software company's were not so greedy they could sell more. 59.99 for a ten cent disc? No wonder people pirate games.some people do it for fun and others do it cause tey are cheap.
All you need to do is hold down the L & R & Start & Select (I think)  Otherwise its L & R & The 4 front button (A,B,X,Y I think).  Hold either button set down as the game is loading up when it displays the Nintendo logo.Puke on it, then eat it.
your extremely rude.. i suggest you throw that shit in a Chinese eyed mans vagina!. good day sir.the problem is ur stuck up jackass idiot who doesnt know what he is doin
Frames per second.. . A higher number means that you see the display move more fluently, and a low number will make the picture lag.Frames Per Second . . or . . First Person ShooterFirst Person Shooter. It refers to the point of view the player will experience. First person means you see what the character would see. Example would be Doom and Quake. Third person shooters are pretty popular too. This is when the camera "follows" the character. Since Grand Theft Auto 3, those games have had the option of being either first or third person. But thats generally the meaning.Frames per second and first person shooter.It can stand for two things:. . One is frames per second, the unit of how often your monitor refreshes. The larger, the better.. . The other is a First-Person Shooter. This is a game where you play in first person (you see through the "eyes" of the character, rather than from an arbitrary camera position behind them, as in third-person games) and you shoot stuff (otherwise it wouldn't be a "shooter").
"The expression ‘paint the town red’ originated  with the Roman Empire. After a battle, Roman soldiers would wash the  walls of the newly-conquered town with the blood of the defeated  people. This was done to the accompaniment of merry-making and  festivity, hence the term came to mean a great night in the town even  after the blood on the walls was completely forgotten."Long time ago, even before I was born, and I had a dinosaur for a pet.  The only available paint was red lead based paint. Which is why you see so many red barns out in the country side.  When the hired help get paid and go into town on Friday nights, they go in to "Kick up their Heels", "Go to a Shindig"or a "Hoe Down" and "Paint the town Red!"
You can't i'm afraid, you must save more often and if you pop the disk out it's gone for good. Might give it a light tap, just incase...ahhh. thats happened to me all to often...sry to say no matter how far u got wihtout saving ur gonna have to turn it offTry the Reset button in the front.  Anything not saved will be lost.well, it happens 2 me 2 on my XBox. About 30% of the time jumping near it helps but sorry to say, I'm a big fan of Nintendo so all I say to sony is ' DON'T MAKE RUBBISHY PRODUCTS!'sad part is you can't the game is stuck in a loop and needs to be reset  all you can do is save as you go.try n open the cd n then put it back again.it sometimes works. it depends on your luck.I don't think you can...i don't know. i have always wondered that 2. :)
PS1 and Genesis.. I agree with one of the posters.. Back then, games were about gameplay depth and replay value. Most of today's games look pretty, but lack substance and replay value (play it once and its as good as playin' it all. It gets old afterwards.).. However, that shouldn't stop us from hoping and looking forward to the next generation of consoles, because ultimately, they'd have to cater to the growing unrest with the hardcore gamers like us!. . . Jenova. (d.yuffie@gmail.com)PS3 cos I can do lots of thing with it besides playing...Super Nintendo because I can actually beat some of the games and I can control the controller better. my kids like it better too.. I don't' get the new systems and the controller is too confusing.PS3 Because is going to be the best console the PLANET!nes cuz w/o that we would still be playing atari!xbox 360 cause you cant play the full version of geometry wars any where elseI like the Mega Drive and the Super Nintendo. They came from back when games were about the gameplay, not the graphics. Sonic and Mario are some of the best games ever, especially Mario Kart.
If you look up the term "doggone" in the dictionary, you get the definition as "damn." I think the dog part was the original word reversed to soften the term a bit, but it seems there is no clear-cut explanation of its etymology.it's kinda like, the first dad who ever smashed his thumb with his kid right there and he tried his best not to say dammit and dog on it came out instead. I guess it stuckIDK LOOK IT UPI thought the phrase was "doggone it."  As in "damn it" or something similar to that.Ask your gramma or granpa.  They were probably saying it when it caught on.i think it,s doggone it
We are next gen now. They stay away from original Xbox and in the future, will be more realistic than ever before.When they make Halo3, it will be fore the Xbox360, because they want people to buy Xbox360s, the xbox is inferior, and it's dumb to keep with crappy hardware and not move on to the better things. Why didn't they make Halo for the Nintendo64 omg?! Who cares, both suck.. PC games 4tw!!They want you to buy xbox360 they are stupiedWhat????So you buy XBox 360!. . Also, so it can take advantage of the new features/functionality of XBox 360 without the extra effort of making it backword compatability.  Making software backward compatable is hard and expensive.Halo 3 isn't even out yet.Microsoft needs more money and support from customers. if people were waiting for the 360, or they've sold the xbox for the 360, they're gonna need to buy an xbox, not the 360, which microsoft knows that customers really hate. also, athe 360 has enhanced graphics and much more for halo 3 to handlethey would want to show off the power of the 360.  i'm sure they would have it on the original xbox.  so far though the 360 is really getting me jolly.  racing games and first person shooters are so overrated.
I guess get in a pool or some thing...make a whirl pool... stand in the middle of it....drop the card some where of to the side and let the thing float around you like there's no tomorrow.  . .    But hey...that's just my opinion.fun trick, a very clear sticky piece of tape in center of card with a piece not of string but of a very thin animal hair and spin the card. put other part of hair behind your ear with tape and so it dosnt touch your body gold the string inbetween your thumb and index finger.get in water, and put jets on and then put a card in the wateri never did, and I dont have any idea...
Someone sets up us the bomb.. . But we move every zig, for great justice - so it'll be ok.They set us up the bombHe he he! This is a cheat code for a PC game called Empire Earth! This is the cheat <all our base is yours> :DYou realize that what you just ate wasn't chicken.
you could try stencils and krylon fusion spray paint. . its suposed to bond to the plastic and be hard wearingI havent done that before no, but varnish will be fine.... . You just have to use some kind of flexible paint, like latex.... Perhaps a kind of bleach + dye strategy would work.
change your viewing preferences on yahoo.also make sure that your age is above 18.. . also profiles are sometimes blocked from the public view.the people sometimes only allow friends to view'em.. . i'm sorry,was that profiles you asked for,or frofile?what profiles ?you should just be able to hold down the Ctrl key then press view profile. hey presto!!
1. its a sport....dart game type. 2. an insectits a sport played in Europe and Australia. Its sorta like Baseball.It' s a sport. It's very popular in IndiaIts an insect that ravishes crops in the warmer climate country! :) Failing that its a game between 2 teams of 11 with bat and ball where u get so many overs of 6 balls to get the opposing team out by knocking the stumps off! the team with the highest score of runs at the end wins
Its Not yahoo.... . Its the player who masters the table that get you off.the poker tables have one player listed as host,if your continuously slow,make inappropriate comments or don't know what your doing stay in the beginners lounge.
I wont!Yahoo is not going to start charging for email in the future.  That is a scam email that has been going around for years.Should not. Existant facilities can not be curtailed.I hadn't heard about that, but I wouldn't doubt it if people did start charging for email. If they do, I won't pay it! I'll go back to using snail mail, thank-you-very-much!
a lot of families have a doctor and a ditch digger. Can't be helped sometimes. But I wouldn't give up trying, and remember there are second chances in life, A lot of people smell the coffee long after high school and still make something of themselves... Just never give up on him!!!!tell your brother that he needs to take his tests more serious.just don't let him playu can improve him with steroids like omgthe best thing to do is to somehow scare him straight like doing something that has to do with him not being seroius about things and make it seem like by him not being serious it will cost him some valuable things in life try to get one of his professors it on it or teachers if he is still in high schoolYou can not change him no matter how hard you try, but you could tell him that there is a time for goofing off and when taking a test is not the time. Let him know how upset you are with him and maybe he will want to change to please you a little more. Are you the older or younger?You can't change someone else especially if they don't want to change. Besides who are you to say what he does is wrong? Let him be his own person and you be yours. You could try to give him some advise and let him know how you feel.
I totally agree.  What is wrong with some of the sh1theads on this board?Because they are about the dollar signs, not harm prevention.If you don't like it...don't use it...else go stealth and NO ONE will talk to YOU...but you can then talk to all of your KNOWN friends...and YOU may not want to tell them all the things you can share here :)cause that aint part of their mission statement.sorry too much of a job for yahoo. you need to report abuse...I know what you mean, but that's just life I guess.
If you are talking about "Slifer the Sky Dragon" in the Yu-Gi-Oh card game, the trick is to deny your opponent card drawing opportunities.. Slifer's attack is keyed off of the number of cards in his controller's hand.  Therefore, Spell Cards like Card Destruction that force your opponent to discard cards are critical.  The more cards they're forced to discard, the weaker Slifer gets.first of all its slivers, not "slifers". Second, Magic rule makers realized a sliver deck caused mayhem in duels, giving the owner of any sliver cards an unfair advantage so the cards were banned form tournaments such as FNM. But if encountered use creatures like infectious host and spells that destroy creatures and should survive.
You can't because Yahoo games is supported by advertisements but it goes away by clicking any further link.. . In case you wanna stay on the same page then click on refresh until you don't find that girl anymore. Yahoo sends different ads so it will be replaced by another and not all ads are of naked girls.What browser do you use?  If you Firefox there is an extension that will turn adds off as well as pop-ups.  It makes pages load much much faster.
You mean quit gambling? Don't! Gambling is a good thing you have on this earth. It is entertaining yet educating, if you are willing to learn from it because I have been learning a lot. . . I learn how to handle myself better and that's useful in life generally. I learn that being obsessed on material things is not really good. And I learn to build some strategies and that is developing my logical thought and analytical skill. All you need is to choose very carefully what kind of games that can thouroughly enrich you and keep in your mind that you are the one who controls the game, not the other way around.. . Just try to look at gambling from different angle.QUIT!!! Mind over matter1st: go seek professional help. 2nd: find another healthy hobby, keep yourself busy with health leisure, fitnessKeep away from anywhere you may be able to gamble, seek proffessional help. Work out what you would lose in a day, and put it in a money box that you can't break into. At the end of the month open it and see how much you have saved and buy yourself something nice.bet you can't .only joking! :-)
Definitely study the charts and if you play on-line, keep the chart out.  You can prove to yourself how the "system" works.  Also, depending on where you are gaming, you may be allowed to bring a palm sized  chart with you.  And don't be afraid to ask the dealer's advice.  It is, after all, their job.try to play at a table that the dealer manully shuffles.  i tend to stay away from the automatic shufflers.  i seem to win better with the dealer doing all the shuffling.  also, learn when to hit, stand, double down, and split.You have about a 0.5% house advantage playing correct basic strategy.   Unless you're going to count cards (even that's debatable), you shouldn't expect to actually win over any long period of time.Defintly learn basic strategy, since blackjack is a game that can be played better with better application of the mathematical rules. Also find tables with players who know what they are doing. Players who play better give you a better chance to use basic strategy and you will find less instances where your profits are taken away by players who arent hitting at the right times or are hitting too often.Study the charts..It is all mathamatical probabilityyou got to get someone to teach you cardcounting, i'm sure you can at least find it on the internet.
I had a problem like this too and found it was a pop up blocker stopping me from accessing it. So all i did was held in the control button while i clicked on it. cheers!Slow or old computer? Perhaps you don't have the free downloaded "flash player" or "shockwave player".Because you have no handsthats crazy I ALSO CANT PLAYYou need to go to Macromedia.com and download the free software after that you can play all you wantIt has something to do with java. You may download it at www.java.com.. after that, you will be able to play games on yahoo.U must have JRE inorder to play Yahoo Chess and some other games.Download it from java.com (a 15MB download (:-) ).. Enjoyi also had this problem once? . . all you have to do is to download Java 2 Runtime Environment. This provides complete runtime support for Java 2 applications. . . References. . 1}See the Java Plug-in web site for more information on using the Java Plug-in product. . . 2}See the Java 2 Platform page for more information on the Java 2 Environment
everything!The X-Box is manufactured by Microsoft; the PlayStation series is by Sony.  They also have different controllers and sometimes different games.xbox has a hard drive and can store MUCH more in game information, it is technically better in many ways.... BUT . playstation has more and better games.. . Xbox 360 has far superior graphics to either. . but very few games.Xbox > PS2x-box has better controllers and has halo 2if youd like to play something fun, get a 360 and halo 2, it really doesnt matter what kind of hard drive or gigabites it has, it beats every game out thereHere's a great article on illustrating the similarities and differences among the Xbox, Playstation 2, and Gamecube platforms, or the Big 3.
Very carefully!Go to the home town of Ash Palate Town (SP?)Beat Misty in a battle and she will give it to you. (old version)Chatbox that isnt right im afraid. You need to go to the town where the tower of ghosts are. When you get to the top and save Mr. Fuji he will give you the PokeFlute as a reward, you then head south nd awaken the Snorlax, try really hard to catch it. Then the ways to the next cities will be clear.if you still play pokemon you are whack!Go to the pokemon tower (in Lavender Town) and go to the top floor. You have to fight Marowak and there will be a guy when you beat it. Talk to him then go to a building in town. He is there and he gives it to you for savin him.
We have an account at Dungeons & Dragons Online and while it is true that it is quest based and most quests do require teamwork, I've found that it can be easy to find people to party with by using the in-game 'LFG' Looking for Group function, or by talking to people in taverns. Also, joining a guild helps immensely as many guilds have many people in them of all levels to join with. The gameplay and graphics are great!i also hear its god, i played at my friends house and it seems very fun to me. TRY IT
You shoot yourself in the head, and stop playing video games.The same way Harry did it in the book.  (I'm not going to read it for you).Well, it's pretty difficult because they spout fire balls or something. THere is a pattern actually. First dodge the fire balls ( the attack moves in a circular motion). . THen you notice that they begin to charge right at you.. . You should be near the walls so that when they charge at you, you will dodge them and they will hit the wall and temporarily get dizzy.. . Once they are dizzy, attack them with your magic until you cast the spell that  makes them shrink (I forgot the name). . Do it over and over until both die.
Its all about training options. When u fight them, they learn there foe slowly givin u a challenge. It makes u able to figure out a strategy and work it out on a comp.U also need to block a lot and then attack right after uve blocked.block a lot, then attack just before the other person attacks
Buy more until you can get a hotel.  I think the cheap purple property in the beginning, I think its Mediterrenean and Baltic are the best to get.  No one wants them and you can get a hotel on them quick and cream everyone.by buying a hotel.you can only have a certain amount of houses on each property (it states on the card for each property how many) then you buy a hotel.directionsRTFM
Christmas tells us the meaning of life - the meaning of Christmas doesn't lie in having a lot of presents or enjoying fine food. The meaning of Christmas, instead, lies in being generous. In the eyes of faith, the meaning of life lies in being generous with one another because God is generous with us. At Christmas we discover again in Jesus that God is infinite generosity; and in God's generosity to us and our generosity to one another, we discover again the meaning of life."Crush your enemies, see them driven before you, and hear the lamentation of the women".meaningless is the meaning of life.It's hard to answer that in a sentence, but we are all here for a purpose. And everyones purpose is different. I belive we are all here to learn from our mistakes, start families, teach, make goals, achieve our goals, and share our wisdom with others.it's upto you to make something of your life.to have someone to love and be lovedIf you believe in a supreme being, i.e. God,Buddha,Mohammed, then I believe that this lifetime is a probationary state, a time for us to prepare to meet our creator. If you do not believe in a higher power, then I would look deep inside yourself to see what your feelings tell you. I believe that we all have a still small voice inside that may lead us in the right direction to find the purpose of life. Good luck..
if you have the smaller ps2, all u need is a phone cable. i think you would need to buy an adapter for the original oneIf you've got one of the old bulky PS2s you will need a network adaptor. They are as rare as rocking horse shit these days, so your best bet is ebay. It comes with everything you need, including a fab onling game called Hardware. If you do get online, look out for me, my handle is jamiethemaca network adaptor if you have the old Ps2. Nothing if you have a PS2 slim.Ethernet land, and a computer.
visit the ea games website and go to thier troubleshooting page, located on their sims page. They'll take care of you.. . IF you didn't yet register your game, you should be able to get a new CD Key for it.you can go on the internet and look for a cd keygen. u cannot register the product though..Go to a site like www.theserials.com or www.allserials.com and look up the sims I am sure they have it.  Or you could just ask me :)You can play it without cd key... well if you need it i recommend you to download somewhere there on internet for free. You will not be able to register them on thesims.com. Try www.2torrents.com or www.torrentspy.com Details read there.
You have to tie in the yarn.  If you have the email function working on your avatar, I will email you.Try this book:. . Stitch N B itch. . By Debbie Stoller. . If you can get past the title, the book is great.  She is really good at explain techniques and the book is full of diagrams.  . . One of the first lessons is how to cast-on and bind-off.  The first project she has you do includes using three colors of yarn!  You will feel like you are learning so quickly.. . Here are some other websites:. . www.lionbrand.com. http://ask.yahoo.com/ask/20030429.html. http://www.tomfarrell.org/textiles/knit/. . Happy Knitting!you can find your answer here:. http://knitting.about.com/library/blcolorhowto.htm. or here:. http://www.google.ca/search?hl=en&q=use+more+than+one+colour+when+knitting&btnG=Search&meta=There are two basic ways of doing color work: one is stranded or fair isle colorwork, which you use when doing small areas of color when you will be switching back and forth between colors across a row, like a snowflake pattern for a ski sweater.  You carry both colors of yarn all across the row, one under the other, knitting from each according to your pattern (ie, two stitches with red, then three with blue.)  The wrong side of your work will have small strands of the yarn not in use running across.  There are several ways of working with the yarn for stranded colorwork--you can drop one yarn and pick the other up, you can hold one in each hand, or you can hold both in the same hand over different fingers.    . . The other method is called intarsia, which you use for larger blocks of color, and that is when you drop one color and then use a separate ball of yarn for the other area.  Stripes are done similar to intarsia.  If you were to, say, have a large heart in the middle of your sweater, you would have one ball of main color yarn for the left side, one ball for the color of the heart, and one main color ball for the right side.  When changing in the middle of the row, you wrap the yarns together so as not to leave a hole.  Don't cut your yarn, pick it up when you work that section on the way back across.  . . For doing stripes, you join in new yarn at the beginning of a row just as you would a new ball when you come to the end.  I like to do it by knitting the first stitch with both the old and new yarn; it holds both ends securely that way (and will be hidden inside the seam).  If you plan on alternating the stripes (blue, red, blue, red) then don't cut the yarn--just carry it up the side and use it again when you need to (you can only do that if your stripes have an even number of rows, otherwise, you'll have to break yarn and join in again on the other side.) . . That's an overview of sorts--but if you want to learn it properly, get yourself a good book with some pictures of the techniques.  I think Debbie Stoller's "Stitch 'n Bitch" is good for beginners.
mp4........? dont u mean mp3? other than that i dunno.Go on Sonys site and see if they have a conversion file.If they have the file . You have to do download it on your computer convert the file,and transfer the program from the computer to the PSP
U think maybe you mean ruche as this is a gathering.  You use a large stitch and then make sure one end of thread is secure and pull from the other end and this will gather the fabric up then make sure you secure it before sewing the side seams together.I believe that means to apply embroidery in a diagonal from one sholder to the center.  It is a design technique from . Eileen Roche, editor of Machine Embroidery.  For an example see this article:. http://www.freeembroiderystuff.com/articles/DisplayArticle.aspx?id=213
Do not know what that is, get help. You have a compulsive disorder. Come to think of it, most of us on this site need help. You are in the right place.Yes it's true Runescape is notorious for brainwashing people into addictive gamers. However, there are ways to stop yourself.. . Mentally, you can tell yourself everytime you play that if you continue down this path, you will drop out of school or get fired from work and end up freeloading on your parents or worst end up on the streets.. . Financially, you can stop playing the game slowly over time. In the first week, try to play only 3 hours a day and when the week is over, give yourself a dollar or two as a reward. The next week, play only 1.5 hours a day and give yourself a couple dollars at the end of the week. If you fail, then give back all your money to a keeper like ur parents or your bank account and restart the cycle. If you do succeed at the end of 6 months, use your money and go shopping and continue on with the path until Runescape is no more.. . Physically, you can remove the power cable or modem card and store it in a location you do not know or block out the Runescape site using parental controls and have your parents lock it with a password you do not know.. . Hardware speaking, there is a surge arrest device I saw on TV infomercial that shuts your computer down in a specified time adjusted by a password protected program. I forgot the name but go to TV infomercial websites and they should sell it.. . A last option would be psychlogically where you have to go to a psychiatrist and the expert would prescribe you some medication.. . As with all the options stated, it is best to do something else you enjoy to substitute for the time that you used to play Runescape.delete all your characters and accounts. You probably wont want to play anymore if you have to start over.I think you should just do it. Stop, I mean. Plain and simple. Try to find something else to do that you'll enjoyjust stop
The numbers are chosen randomly.  It's all luck.  In the long run you'd be better off just putting the money you're spending on lotto in a savings account.Sorry that is top secret information.Hope you understand.You can't I've already got them...LOLIf I knew of any I would be a winner instead of just donating to the lotto.when u know let me know.i used to thought it was a flow of series,but i guess i was wrong.Most Chinese restaurants that have the fortune cookies, now have lottery numbers on the back of the fortune.carefullyUse luck. Or just pick numbers that look cool.time travel to the future write the numbers down then travel back to the present and buy a lottery ticket dont forget to send some money my way for giving you the answer LOLlol call up a psychici use a bingo machine. . havn't won the NY lottery yet though...Luck theres nothing else you can doIf I knew the answer to that do you think I will let you know.cut your fingers off and go swimming, the numbers will come to you then
look at the top where it says "open" and flip the switch right. then put the game or movie into the slot. turn psp on by the switch on the right.Turn it on for starters...plz to open the slot of gaming and then giving teh game cratige into the slot of gaming and to depress the button of reset! enjoyable times and good fortune to follow soon upon! huzzah!u want to "work it"u say?. . well open the umd drive by pulling the switch on the top to the right anthen stick ur weenie in their an start working it. . if it breaks ull get another one free i think. . ("convince"the seller to give u one free if he dont)lol:)need to be a little more specific...what do you need to know how to do?Get a game(considering you don't have one). Open the case. take the UMD out. Then open the UMD slot on top. Shove the UMD game in the slot. Push the thing back in. Turn the PSP by flicking the switch on the right.. . BUT: If you don't have a PSP yet, GO BUY ONE!
There are characters that allow you to build a guild but... You have to pay: to create it, to invite players, to create the guild cape (2000G). If you are going to be playing a lot and have a lot of friend that are playing too then do it otherwise think twice before taking that step.i play guild wars but i dont know how to create a guild- im in my brother's but he wont tell me how again...he told me b4
if "hrth" stands for "hearth" and you heard it in the WoW (world of warcraft) then it is talking about a port back to the inn that you have selected to make your home. it is a little "hearth" stone that you click on and it will take you to the place you have previously set to be your home.is it like an anagram for something or is that really how you spell it?where did you hear(read) it?
SP? are you sure you don't mean SC? SC stands for single crochet. For help check out http://www.anniesattic.com they have a stitch guide with step by step photos and videos.Sp stands for space. :). Marysp = space . . The link below has photos that will help to understand what is meant by a 'space' in crocheting:
Easy, my friend. First, you need a uo qualbielsib. You take that and carefully assign it a blorpspoffer. Now, take the blorpspoffer (Don't drop it! ) and place it in a flaubustule. Bake in a preheated oven at 360 degrees for 45 minutes.  Viola! A free shard! Nothing is easier! Enjoy.Check out the following links. Learn all you can from the runuo site.  UOgateway is just used for connection. If you are just creating a local server for your family you will find this pretty easy.
The following was cut and paste from wikipedia:. . The term "Romance" comes from the Vulgar Latin adverb romanice, derived from romanicus, in the expression romanice loqui (which designated the vulgar languages of Latin origin, and which contrasted to barbarice loqui, the non-Latin "barbarian" languages of the invaders, and latine loqui, used for the Latin taught in schools)[1]. From this adverb originated the noun romance, which applied initially to anything written in a romanice loqui.Any language based on Latin like Italian, Spanish, French, Romanian, Portuguese, and Romansch.It doesnt mean romance like oooh I loove you.. Its the name to comprise all languages that descended from Latin, the language of the Roman Empire. . Roman->romance.Means roman language, especially a BOOK ("roman") in Latin or a language derived fromm Latin (a "romance language).. . The books in French during the middle ages were formal romances with knights and ladies in courtly love.  Thus these BOOKS or "romans" became known as "romances" and that term has stuck, confusing romantic plots with the languages derived from Latin, the language of ancient Rome.. . The courtly love plot is STILL the central romantic plot.vgbvgvugbvhb
play a diffrent game.it's ether:. your computer.. your conection,. or the game's just screwed up and not worth it
Well there isn't a cheat to actually get bigger lots but you can use this cheat to place objects out side the grid:. . boolProp snapObjectsToGrid trueumm.... i don't know all i know is sims 2 is fun i'am gonna get the night life.
use dreamweaver or some such application it's all drag n dropget Microsoft Frontpage. there u can design and build ur very own website.
don't stalk her now. lol. and btw she's the hottest model for Lara Croft ever. Angelina Jolie has nothing on Karima.Her personal email address is . . KADEBIBEBABE@YAHOO.COM. . Good luck with that....I guess you could search on the net?
Way to suck all the fun out of toys. Jeebus...Refraction of light. . . It is probably not perfectly refractive and hence some diffraction takes place giving you an appearance of slightly elevated symmetry.To roughly quote Soren Kiregaard--We should not spend our time studying the mirror itself, but we see in the mirror.  You know who you are--and I actually bet you are better than you look.Maybe he/she want not to be broken.Is Paula on crack ya think?oh my god! then your mirror's name must be PAULA ABDUL! LOLWell... may I ask where your looking to see how you actually are?
this is what i do:. only have enought money to buy ONLY one outfit! It helps when i dont have the money i just window shop!. Good LuckYou make the decision for that one and stick to you guns on it.buy one u like then leavehave the cash on hand for one outfit and leave all  your credit cards, checks etc at home... that way  you are limited to what you have on hand... If you hit a great deal and can afford two then you win.. otherwise, you have limited your spending.
Here is a link that takes you to a web page of Walk through and message boards for that specific game. It will at least get you in contact with the correct people! Good Luck! . http://www.gamefaqs.com/portable/gbadvance/game/921905.htmlTo unlock mystery gift, go to a pokemon mart and press A on the piece of paper on the counter. Then insert the words LINK TOGETHER WITH ALL. Press select to easily find the words. After this the store lady will talk to you and tell you that mystery gift is now unlocked.
very carefullyHold it between your teeth and scratch the box.. Why would you want to try that?. PYRO!!!. ^_^You need an old fashioned match. They burn when exposed to air and are covered in wax.. . Modern safety matches are pretty much the only thing you can get these days for obvious reasons! Old fashioned matches weren't the safest things to carry around.. . The old ones can also be seen in western films, where the guys light them on their boots.. . Safety matches can be struck on a glass window - just hold it tightly against the window and slide fast enough to generate some heat, and presto!why would you want to?How do you set your face on fire?Keep trying and you will succeed!!!most matches nowadays are saftey matches that only light on the box, but non-saftey matches strike anywhere, so hypotheitcaly you could strike them on your teeth if they were rough enough. try going without brushing for awhile, maybe that'll give a nice rough surface.YOU MUST USE FARMER MATCHES THEY HAVE A WHITE TIP ON THEM THAT CAN BE STRUCK ALMOST ANY PLACE, FIRST YOU HOLD THE MATCH BETWEEN THUMB AND FOREFINGER AS IF HOLDING A MAGNIFYING GLASS, THEN YOU PRESS THE TIP OF THE MATCH UPWARD AGINST THE BOTTOM OF YOUR FRONT TOOTH NOT REAL HARD JUST FIRM ENOUGH TO FLICK THE MATCH FOREWARD AND OUT WITH A SNAP. I USED TO DO THIS ALL THE TIME WHEN I WASENT LIGHTING THEM ON MY ZIPPER!
I think you need at least 300 points.  Start answering lots of questions!!By answering questions and getting points.... .            (Thanks for the 2 points..)Answer questions.  The more you ask the more points you lose.  The more you answer, the more points you get.. . http://ca.answers.yahoo.com/info/scoring_system;_ylt=AgczxbckgJkukUausazlK6WmFQx.Keep answering (you get 2 points per answer), give answers that are chosen as best (worth 10pts to you), and visit the Yahoo Answers website once per day (1pt).  Try not to ask too many questions, they cost 5pts.answer more questions,. don't waste your points asking question like this. rate more questions. choose more best answer. you 'll get to level 2 at 250 points. thanks for the 2 points :)By answering questions.Click on your points next to your avitar you will get the rules.answer questions,go for best answers.On Yahoo Answers, 250 points = Level 2.have 150 points. (to get this answers questions 2pts., have your answer as the best answer 10pts., when you ask its -5pts.) . . way to go gurl!!!ill tell u a good way, choose my answer as best, i'll win 10 points, then find any question of mine, and put like this answer and ill choose u as best, ull win 10 points, hhhhhhh its fast and good way ;-)
The Disney Corporation's DEEP DARK secret is that Goofy is really a genetic anomaly resulting from the unholy union during a night of wild and unbridled passion between Minnie Mouse and Pluto after the Christmas Party one year... I think it was back in the Fifties. It has been said that Walt Disney was both fascinated and horrified by Goofy, and he couldn't bring himself to euthanize this atrocity.   Because of that Walt started up a secret program to distribute condoms to freaks world-wide in order to keep such a monstrosity from ever being born again.Gurl! It's clearly for gay day!!!That's interesting. I'd write a letter.ewso you can have sex in cinderellas castlehmm why is that?haha that is a good question, that is kind of creepy that there are condoms at disney. HMMMMBecause most men's rooms in Public Places have Condom dispensers anymore.it does? i didn't know that I'm gonna go and stock up on some condoms later I'm going to DisneylandFirst off how would you know?. Second it's for people who fall in love at Disneyland may have some extra fun at night. I dunno.ewwwwwwww and how do u know that it has that?Whatever it takes to keep AIDS from spreading. Gross but at least you have some semblance of an option. Imagine the people that would go ahead anyway even though they didn't have protection!!! If someone is at DISNEY WORLD they should have $1.00 for a condom right?Just in case...Because Mickey has a high sex drivei was just there  they dontCome on Dorthy ... didn't you know about Disney's Gay Day?. . You're not in Kansas anymore ...
Nope its not compatible and its not made to work for the Ps2 either wait for the Ps3 or well you cant do much else with it unless you have a 360 and its compatible with it.sony released one in a bundle a while back with the network adaptor.(although its not required to use the adaptor.) You could try E-bay, but the HDD has a limited function( its basically just a big storage for your saves if you want to clean up your memory card.)
i found one website.. which might helpful to u to complete ur pokemon ruby game... . it has complete walkthrough for pokemon ruby,sapphire and emeraldThere is no pokegear at all BUT there is Pokenav. When you defeat Whitney that Team aqua member runs out. After that go north of rustboro city and go east to the route. Keep on going and you will see two hikers and a boy. You will have to keep on going north and you will see a cave. Go in there and you will fight the team aqua member. When you beat him return to rustboro city and you will see a man that you had saved in petalburg woods and then he gives you a great ball. You will then follow him and the old man will give you pokenav. Simple! Of course for cheats try:you buy pokemon colleseum, then a packag comes with it, it contains a gift: Jirachi, for your Ruby version. Also it worksfor sappire, but... you dont have it...
TugTUGYou have to pick "wasifar K" They (he, she) answered the WHOLE question.. . . Remember folkes ANSWER THE WHOLE QUESTION. No points for half an answer.Tug, Portugual...TUG boatTug; Portugal.a tug boattug. . Tortuga
gameshark is your answer, available in any video game store.Other than silph co. The only way is to cheat with a device.I don't know.
Well, it's not in my system so I think we're good. ;)stop using itWho says I want to let "you" get weed out of "my" system?. . Unless you meant to ask how "you" can get weed out of "your" system? . . I have to wonder if you should just quit smoking it all together, 'cause I think you fried your brain if you think you can get it out of someone else's system for them. lol. . Seriously though...if you go to a "head-shop" and ask them for a drink called "Detoxify", and follow the directions thoroughly, and to the letter, it will work perfectly. I know, because I've used it myself before, and it worked when I had to test for a job at Mervyn's. Good luck.. . P.S.- Niacin from GNC will work as well. It will make your skin red and hot and you will itch like mad...but it works. Just don't scratch because it actually makes the itching 50% worse than if you just ride it out.Stop smoking, drink lots of and lots of water and cranberry juice and go to your local GNC and pic up some niatine (spl). It tastes nasty but it will do the trick.THC(active ingredient) is stored in your fat cells. It can take four to five weeks for it to pass through your system. There are no short cuts that I know of. I haven't used it since college(long time back) but I teach health sometimes, and it stays in your system longer than all other drugs.cut off your head.Really -- stop smoking it and stay away from people who do.  It will take a while, but it's the only REAL way to get it out of your system.don't do it in the first place but if u must just buy a detox kit offline, i duno if they work thoughquit smoking itThere are lots of products that can help clense your system. If you are just doing a urine sample, you should be good after a month or so, if they pull hair you are pretty much screwed."Weed" stays in your system for around 26-28 days stored in your fat cells. There is no real way of getting it out of your system then apart from stopping and removing yourself from that environment.2nd Goldenseal herb pills, but be careful a lot of tests test for Goldenseal because it's widely used for that reason.. . By the way as far as I know it takes around 30 days to leave your system on its own, not 5-7.. . That said I don't smoke weed & I don't think it's a good idea to get hooked on it. I don't see a problem with smoking it a few times a year on special occasions though.Why are YOU concerned with getting weed out of MY system?the water that is in a jar of pickles. the vinegar will flush your body of the marijuana chemical THC. Are you having your urine tested soon? try this, it works.It is a fat soluble drug, it takes about 5 yo 7 days for your system to totally process the drug.  My best suggestion is don't do it, then you have no need to worry about it being in your system!!you can get detox tea at gnc. dont add sugar and drink alot...never stop smoking....it should be legalStop smoking it...what a novel idea.sorry, it will remain in your fat cells until your body decomposes. by the way, kiss goodbye an excellent job with the fbi, cia, secret service, nasa, etc. moral: don't do drugs. . if that's what you asked, your question lacks grammarstop smoking dude!  "How do I get weed out of your system?"  I'd be worried about your own before you try and get it out of someone else!I don't possibly have any idea of how YOU can get weed out of MY system!!!Drink a lot or orange juiceyou dont smoke it.. and it will never be in you system.... what a loser
No you don't find mewtwo. The only way to get it? Trade from  leaf green/fire red.Did you mean mewtwo, or deoxys? If mewtwo, you have to trade from LG/FR. If deoxys, go to event in nintendo world.what in the heck is a dewtoDOES THAT EVEN EXIST? Cause I have never heard of that!
people smile to ease tension.... kinda like how a dog lays down in front of a higher ranking or more agressive dog.... smiling diffuses the situation... even if its not good.. . . also people are fake.. actions are lies.. trust no one.. support your local graffiti artist. :Dthey dont want to hurt the persons feelings cuz if they think its funny but its really not and you show them that they might get offendedThey may do so if the other person was attempting to be funny & they did not want to hurt their feelings or to make them feel less awkward.. They may smile because what you may not think of as funny, they do.. . Personally, I think people look better in pictures if they are not smiling. It is always posed & phony. If you take a picture of someone when they are not expecting it, or when they think no one is looking, only then does it really capture who they are.. . I do not really like to smile because I have dimples & I never have cared for them---they made me self-conscious. Everybody always thinks they are so cute but I think they look "babyish" . To me it is just one more wrinkle.i like speedboys answerWhat is not funny to you might be funny for others. Everyone has different perspective of any given situation.Maybe they smile because they are dumbfounded and know not what else to do.i donno unless its for tention like i donervousness.maybe they r retards
because 7 8 9 get it seven ate nine hahaha!!!!!!!because 7 8 9  . . . . .                  why are people asking this joke you are wasting your points why because almost everyone knows this jokeBecause 7, 8, 9. Why are people still telling this joke? Ok it is ageless for kids but why tell it on here.Because 7 is 6's DAD.because 7 is bigger and 6 is smallerbecause seven ate nine7 8 9. 7 ate up 9..thats such an old jokebecause the 7 ate 9 (789)because 7 8 9. because seven ate ninebecause seven ate nine. Why is this under amusement Parks?
open ur email acct, then click ur avatar at welcome page. then this will lead to the avatar homepage. If ur a girl and ur avatar is a boy...yeah u must worried...but if ur a guy and ur avatar is a girl, then i am worried.you're gonna have to change your sex to female..goto the top it says my account it should be in there somewhereclick on help and click the question "how do i change the gender of my avatar?" all you need to know should be there... hope it helps................. but do you really WANT to? i don't get it. are you getting a gender-switch surgery anytime soon?To change your avatar into a girl u have to sign in and click on your avatar and there are girls and boys u can change itWhen you make your avater there should be a choice for male or femaleClick on your avatar and it will take you to the customise screen where you can change your avatars settings if this doeant work change your profile so that you are a girl and this should reflet on your optionsGo to your mail box then click on your avatar's picture; then click on the preferences. From there you can change the gender of your avataryou can't unless you get a new e-mail address and stuff like thatDont know but why would youChange your Yahoo account so the Gender is Female. Look at the top of the page for a link to "My Account". Click on it. Under "Member Information" change your gender.. . If that doesn't work maybe your Avatar is really a guy trapped in a girls body. :)Try to change the sex of your profile account when u put it.Call an avatar sex change surgeon and give it estrogen.Good luck.Sign in here:). . http://avatars.yahoo.com/?src=ymsgr&intl=us&os=win&ver=6,0,0,1922. . Change the appearance etc. Follow the instructions.y would u want to do that? and idk how. u probably have to start over w/ a new id.
yeah normally its little kids and their parents or younger and older siblings. but it is physically possible for a girl to lift a guy. . basically one person lies on their back with their legs in th eair an dthe other person sorta lies on their legs and get lifted in the airwheelbarrowMoms lift their babies.
n clue what so everDid you also do these?. 1 clear Space Paranoids episode 2. 2 Max Form Level 7 for all. 3 Summon level be at level 7.
I added a pic before i had a 360 page. When you are logged into messenger go to the top and click on messenger. There is a drop down list. Click on my profiles. It should bring up your profile. click on the link. it should show you your profile. you can click on edit picture. The rest of it is self explanatory. I know this may seem confusing but i hope it helps.In your profile, you have to set up a Yahoo 360 account and that will allow you to use your own photos.  If you want a cartoon character, you can go into your profile and select the "Avatar" option and it will walk you through creating a cartoon picture for you.  Hope that helps.
umm.. Nintendo is for kids under 12.. thats why all the Gamecube games are soft like cotton candy.. everyone else has enlisted in the playstation vs xbox battle.For the same reason Xbox and Sony gamers are such scary diehard fanboys.  They all think for some reason that "their" console is the best.  I have all 3 (4 including the 360) consoles and I happen to enjoy my Gamecube more than my xbox or 360.  . . And the 12 year old comment is old school.  Resident Evil 4 is not for 12 year olds, neither is Resident Evil Zero.  Just because the games look childish doesn't mean they play that way.  If that were true, lots of games are strictly for 12 year olds.  (And the new name of the new console "wii" sucks, as does the new controller if you ask me)I am 27 and I can tell you that Nintendo certainly isn't just for kids. It's a bit like Disney and Rare- a lot of kids like them but adults who appreciate creativity and in-jokes will find much there too. The Resident Evil series and Metroid Prime on the Gamecube were superb. A lot of Nintendo fans are protective of Nintendo because they realise that many people dismiss the company as childish, even though it hs been one of the most innovative, entertaining companies ever, with a superb videogames maker in Miyamoto."Nintendo is for gamers under 12" now thats funny...  Actually they make games for all ages so when they release one that IS for someone under 12 everyone says ALL their games are for kids.  People are stupid.Whaaaat, you don't like the name "Wii"?  I'm on the same page as you, actually.  I think Nintendo fanboys think they're a part of something big and something thats been around longer than everyone else (thus=better).  The fact that companies like Sony and Microsoft aren't primarily video game companies probably bothers Nintendo fanboys to no end, thus forcing them to be more defensive.  They could certainly benefit from the realization that Wii is horrible.LOL...I personally can't stand Nintendo and all their gimmicks.  Only Nintendo products I have are the 8bit, N64(for Mario cart/KI Gold/Super Smash bros) and a Gameboy I rarely use.)  . . Nintendo was an innovator for sure, but for the past decade they have put out some of the most ridiculous crap, and I'm glad I didn't waste my money on it.. . Edit: LOL, looks like you hit a nerve with Cheat9273, he is probably cursing your name (as he goes back to playing Animal Crossing). . Edit2: AND 1000000 different Pokemon games...and CARD READER...and online play ONLY after they risked losing almost their entire customer base.  But yes, your right, they don't market to only kids, there are some pot bellied 40 yr olds living in mom's basement that still think Nintendo is the best.this is because nintendo is mostly for little kidsI believe it may be that some of the Nintendo characters are so old and have lasted so long. Their fan source may be the pride from the age of the Nintendo system and Characters. But personally I think they are alittle too far back in time and acting childish.Beacuse most of the games are scary. diehard types lol
whats a pop bottle? do you mean a soda can?it's awesome especially if a person never done it before then tried it for the first timeI didn't know you could do that.  I am gonna try.  thanksHahah, my friends and I did that a few nights ago.Never tried that one, but if u put pop rocks candy in a coke and chug it, you'll rupture your stomach.  Back in my day it used to be alka-seltzer in a container of anything carbonated.did not know that they did.now theres something ill try laterI guess if you have no imagination, it would tickle you for weeks on end.pretty awesome.
People love the social aspect of Yahoo! Answers :)Maybe theyve triend to look it up, couldnt find anything, so get help here....or maybe theyre just lazy...or they wanna see what people sayI'd personally rather use this to get opinions rather that cold informationgoogle answers you but here peolpe answer n advice youbecause have you actaully found what you wanted from a search engine?
It's boring as hell. Worst than the First one.Pretty good.Well it's not turn based and it relies on a very unique card based system. It is very enjoyable but it takes a while to get into, A must play if you'd like to follow the story of Kingdom Hearts 2!It's sorta of like the first one but harder and you do need it to follow kingdom hearts 2.
You have to go to your profile and create a new id.You would most likly have to make a whole new oneIf you look hard enough around Y! you will see places were you can change or edit your Y!. e-mail address.
it takes up a lot of time. sometimes you get so much into the game(s), you forget everything else. you just can't put the controller down, and when you do, it's monday morning, you have to go to school already and you forgot to do your homework. now you have to face your class and tell them why you don't have your assignment done....It's actually proven that if a person loses something, gamers (people who play videon/computer games) have a faster average of finding the item over those who don't play.. It's kind of cool ^_^OK, video games are not bad overall. All those people blaming their bad grades and murder charges on video games are dumb. You can play a video game all day and be a straight A student. It's all a matter of self discipline. Video games actually help us in some ways, such as hand-eye coordination and puzzle solving skills. I play video games all the time yet I'm pretty smart. I just know what my limits and priorities are.good being fun?.. being that you take a break every 15 or 20 Min's. common sense.I have know idea, I've been playing games since I was 10, and it hasn't affected me. I just graduated with my Bachelors of Science (Biology). So I guess it can't be bad for you, and I just play until I get tired.Video games turn your brain into a tool of Satan, prolonged exposure to video games will turn you into a murderer and a detriment to society...that's why I love them so much!It's been proven that video games can actually make you much smarter. They don't create hatered and murder like some people would have you think. The people who say things like that are just looking for an excuss. Games can help with hand eye coordination and problem and puzzle solving. I say they are a gift from GodWell, playing is fun, but playing too much a day will start to affect other things like school and work. I recommend playing about 30 mins to 1:30 mins. . P.S Really, it doesn't matter how much you play, just how it effects your other daily stuff:D
Hi, there is only one way to do this and that is to download a NoCD crack and insert this into the main program folder replacing the original file. You have to use a file share program, either Shareaza or bittorrent to find one or surf the net. I use them on all my game programs with no problems. Hope this helps.Can't. Unless you buy a copy that can create a separate drive on the computer so it doesn't need a CD.Buy the yuri's revenge expansion and then it will work
get them to woo-hoo, but if u want a baby, then it will take forever for it to turn into a kid, and trust me; the baby crying annoys the sims LIKE HELL!!!You have to constantly kiss and go into those beds and "play"(my friend)- NO.... u have to go out with them... OF COURSE U HAVE TO WOOHOO!!! duh.... you have to get a high relationship with them ... tell them to get in the bed.. and then.. u noIn the sims 2 they can't have babies because I've tried already and besides you don't see any little kids in the game do you?get them to have sex?sorry, u can't have any on the PS2 version. it sucks really bad!
Half Life 2, because who can say no to showing headcrabs who's boss with a shotgun?  The graphics are stunning (especially Lost Coast) and the arsenal is fantastic.In my opinion, Call of Duty + United Offensive is the most realistic fps ever; I've played a lot of games, just to mention Half-Life 2, FEAR, Quake 4, Far Cry, Doom 3, Chronicles of Riddick or Call of Duty 2, but, believe me, none have impressed me the way Call of Duty did. I'm playing Black on PS2 right now, looks good, but not that good.Halo 1 and 2, because of the replay value. Halo for PC is great, because it has great maps, and you don't need more. You can legally mod maps for halo pc, and halo 2 is about to come out next year. Halo 1/2 is the best game/sequel for FPS.I would say Rainbow 6 or the Ghost recon series.I like CounterStrike the best because I've played it the longest and I like the controls.Can you name any other FPS that has as many people playing and as for as many years as Counterstrike?Counterstrike by far, The overall complexity of that game is unmatchable. If you have the kind of computer to run it, if it's the pc version, it is arguably one of the best games in almost all genres.Wolfenstein ET. It's great because it's not as repetitive as CS or some other games. There are different classes and all maps have different objectives. It's always fun.Best FPS? Depends what you like in your games honestly. If you want a gorgeous game, with an amzing storyline (very rare in FPS games), and insanely smart/hard baddies, not to mention amazing multiplayer go pick up a copy of F.E.A.R. I dare say it's the best FPS I've ever played. Check it out.Wolf ET, it's the best game everHalo1/2 cause of the COOP . . Chris,. http://www.newxbox.net
Disable the firewallIf you have windows XP, Click on start > settings > control panel > Secutity Center > and then look at the options that they are giving you, choose one.  If you have Norton, open the Norton program and click "Disable Norton Internet Security.  Be carful cause then you don't have protection against virusses.
because it is the most beautiful game in the world!!!its a sport.. everyone loves sports..According to the Australian philosopher Philip Adams it is because it involves the implantation of a symbolic egg through a pair of symbolic thighs, in a way not done by hockey, cricket, tennis, etc.. . His solution is to give each player a ball, so they don't have to fight over it
Novus is a glass repair business (I know here in Alaska) they have some creme in a bottle that they sell to my son and his friends for cd's - but I cannot locate even one of them to get you the name of it  sorry . But I am sure any glass repairers know what it is .Brasso, rub gently.ya take atissuse withn some rubbing achal and wipe from the inside outYou should put a little amount of WHITE toothpaste on CD.. then Rub it with a very soft COTTAN cloth. It will take a lot of time.But Scratches will decrease in number.If u think I am joking then get a blank CD ,make Scratches on it & try what I have said.if the scratch is only on the covering layer and not too deep, you can use toothpaste to remove the plastic covering. you can use anythign with pumice in it. If the scratch is deeper than the plastic cover, you need some type of silicone but this will not replace lost data. Game Doctor could help.I have heard that car wax will do the trick, but I have not tested that.
People put them their. I have done that a lot.maybe they are flying fishmany are stocked after they are dug out a farmer or even the company who dug the quarrie out will stock it with fish. This is why its good to check if your allowed to fish and what the rules areThey check mapquest.com for the best route, and then get in their fish mobiles and drive there.No, sorry I haven't been fishing in years.They are usually stocked by the DNR (stocked means they put them in there)
Actually, it is a marketing strategy. You build suspense and watch for it, talk to EVERYONE about it, and as anticipation builds, the price can be raised..... You, the consumer, will be much more willing to pay a higher price for it and thus increase the profit margin by a % or two.marketing destion.   and compation with 360.   as well as trying to get the price down.'Cause it just can't, that's why.i think they need to check for programing or somethingWell look at it like this, the more time they have the more stuff they could add or fix on the ps3.u just have to waitstilla few marketting kinks to work out is my guessMaybe because they dont want it to come out early. Thats the point of a release date.because daddy sony won't let it.Because the majority of players will have to save up every penny until to the nov17th release date to be able to pay $600. for the new system!Becuase Japan can't release them. They should come out late 2006, or early 2007. but you can win them somehow, i don't nowi don't know
try playmondays.co.uk. you get £16 for 3 right numbersYou're lucky, I got pounded in the face 100 times last time I messed off with the clerk at the lotter store.Because a person far more intelligent than you worked out a system of odds that would allow for a reasonable distribution of prizes.. . It is a mathematical certainty that in the long term a certain percentage of players will win the three number prize.  Using some odds math they calculated that ten pounds would work with the payout schedule.  Making the prize more would decrease the prize fund for the other prizes, and let's face it it is the large prizes that excite people and make them buy tickets.. . Be glad you win £10.  Most lotteries in America are ten times harder to win than the UK one and three numbers wins far less.
If you have a post album with page protectors and you need to add the protectors, unscrew the posts and lift the cover off and add the pages.  A strap hinge is a little more difficult...I am always sure to only take one side off so I can peek at the other side to figure out how to get it back together if I have trouble remembering.If you have a Creative Memories album, a local consultant can assist you.add page protecter and insert pages into the page protectersdepends on your type of scrapbook. go to a craft store like Pat Catans and ask them(make sure to bring your scrapbook with you!)If you are using Creative Memories products, your consultant can help you get it put back together, or you can contact me through Yahoo Answers and I can explain it to you.  . . Good luck!
Pogs (also Milkcaps) is the name of a popular game that was played from the early-to-mid-1990s. It got its name from POG, a brand of fruit juice (made from passion fruit, orange and guava); the caps of POG bottles were originally used to play the game. Pog originated in Hawaii around the 1930s, and was repopularized when the Canada Games Company reintroduced them to the American mainstream public in the mid-1990s, where they became popular with pre-teens. It is possible that the game traced its origins to the Japanese card game called Menko.similar to tazos werent they?ah they are great fun, pogs. they were the biggest craze in mid-90's when i was at school. you have the pogs in a stack and then u take it in turns to whack em wit a plastic or metal slammer. if they turn over u win em. ive still got all mine an more. got like 10,000 i think hehe. if u have any u know someone who'd b really appreciative ;)Pog is also a game with circular disc called pogs. Pogs (also Milkcaps) is the name of a popular game that was played from the early-to-mid-1990s. It got its name from POG, a brand of fruit juice (made from passion fruit, orange and guava); the caps of POG bottles were originally used to play the game. Pog originated in Hawaii around the 1930s, and was repopularized when the Canada Games Company reintroduced them to the American mainstream public in the mid-1990s, where they became popular with pre-teens. It is possible that the game traced its origins to the Japanese card game called Menko.It started as lids to juice bottles containing. . Pineapple. Orange and. Guavait is a game like the a text it is played by papataubin mo ung pato ng klaban para manalo!!!!!!!!Cardboard disks that you stack and then slam with a slamer and which ever ones flip over you keep either for the score or for real depends on how you're playing.
Hit the big button during the game and you should be able to get to the selection which is about halfway down.  Pretty much all games I play allow itnot all games will let u make sure iu read the back.  I kno that the new burnout games will let u so try those out
I do it because I am 38 and do not not have to answer to anyone but my wife, Who by the way, thinks its great that I can escape from reality ounce in awhile.IT's so much fun.I am telling you if girls satarted playing video games they would get addicted toobecause there new fun to action movies, stories, and such. video games bring out the boys imagination and lets them use it how they want, but with some restrictions. girls get addicted to video games too!!!it's a stage in life. parents buy them to keep the kids out from under their chinsBecause they are really really fun. They let you do stuff that you can't do in real life, like go into combat without getting hurt or drive race cars.i guess cause it takes there mind off of girls and its a good source of entertainment.because the videos games make me thinkPlaying video games increases levels of dopamine in the brain.  They induce fear and excitement and these emotions set off a chemical reaction in the player.  The increased levels of dopamine give feelings of well being and strength- much like hunting did in our early ancestors.  Most males no longer hunt so they use sports, video games, gang interaction, etc. to feel what their bodies know is missing.because they are fun. you should give them a try.because they love action & they want 2 have an adventure . since it is difficult 4 them to do those game-things in real life they enjoy doing it in the games.this makes them feel macho and satisfactory.
I found an unusual way to do it...it works best when you have the ear in the water. You put your finger in there and sort of tug in a way to make a gap for the water to possibly get through. This works part of the time. If not, you just have to sleep on it. That's the best way to get rid of it!pretend your SpongeBob SquarepantsEqualize the pressure bye plugging your nose, closing your eyes, and gently easing pressure from your ears.  Sort of move your jaw while doing this "ear blowing" then tilt your head from side to side.. . If this doesn't work repeat while jumping on one leg.alittle rubbing alcohol will dry it upok, this happened to my youngest and i took her to the doc.  along the way in the parking lot i ran into an old woman that was a friend of the family.  she asked why we r at doc's told her, she said do this and i swear on my life it really did work.  and has worked many times for my family.. .  go to a drug store and ask for " sweet oil".  i live in the south so if ur somewhere other they might not have it.  if they dont i have used " light olive oil".  put some on a napkin, twist it into a ball and turn the ear up and let it drip into ur ear.  3 or 4 good drops.  try to keep the ear up and lay on ur other ear.  IT WORKS... . asked a doc about it a few years ago, he said that the oil weights more than the water and the oil will settle to the bottom of the ear and since oil and water dont mix , the water will be forced to the top of the oil.  . . just turn ur head every hour or so and repeat and u will feel much better...........either sleep on your ear to drain the water out or put your hand against your ear like a suction cup and gently pull your hand away from the ear. this will creat pressure to build up inside of your ear so the water will pull towards the pressure as its released!shake your head a lotJump up and down with ur head leaning to the side with the water in the ear.  it works 4 me.tip your head to one side and then the other DUH!!!take a hairdryer out and put it on warm heat and blow the dryer right behind your ear.. that will do it.. ;d good luckthe same way you getb water out of anything. dry them.just wait it comes out warm.Cotton Swabs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Green Label games are Called Greatest Hits and they are games that have been around for a year and sold more than 250,000 copies. They are then sold at a standard 20$ price. Sometimes if the game is really profitable they will keep the game from becoming a Greatest hits title for longer then a year to make the most money. Now days only Greatest Hit titles for the PlayStation 1 are manufactured, like Final Fantasy 7.Greatest hits are the older games that is one year old after the release in stores. Except sports games where stay black.
right click on the pic and then click on "save picture as..."Right click on the picture and go to download.Right click the picture with your mouse while over the picture.  A menu will pop up and chose "Save Picture As..."
One thing you could do is play hide-in-seek. Or if you have it, you could play twister. Also, there is 7 minutes in heaven, spin the bottle, or a board game you really like.Gameboy, board games, mp3a psp or mp3 or cd player or the one i like going carzy
most likely dude. you've figured it out yourself. ^_^hello. . you will need a router of some sort worth getting a wireless one tho...once purchased just plug in your xbox. . cheers
Beginner mode: Can't Unlock. Normal Mode: Must complete game with 100% (beating all the worlds plus side missions including sepheroth and completeing jiminy's journal). Proud Mode: Just finish all the worlds. dont worry about jiminys journal.Beat it on proud mode I think.
I don't really like to collect anything..well shoes, and sunglasses, and my name means Greek Goddess.the meaning of my name "Kathleen"  is "pure"  I collect dragons.I collect teapots from different cultures, harlequin dolls, Christmas decorations, masks, succulent plants, Asian gowns and antique purses.  My name means Victorious.My name means graceful, and I like to collect ticket stubs from movies I've been to.My name means Saint Mary ( The Virgin Mary) and I love to collect Barbie Dolls.
if that happens check to make sure the wires arent borken or outside of the plastic covering it, if the cords fine then its broken.... . add Geschenk to x-box liveok you put theplug in the black connection port on the control and make sure thegreen light is on if that dont work then you have defective headset so contact microsoft  an ask for new oneim not 100% but maybe u need batteries in it or u got some cheap-o brand thqat doesnt work well
The red games are the greatest hits. They are more or less like a classic playstation 2 video game and they can be purchased at a reduced price.The red greatest is a little cheaper.The red games are cheaper.
So everyone can laugh at you when you get in it.Excavate and mound native earth to the approximate size and shape.  Overexcavate and compact the "hole" that you want to use as the bunker.  Fill with 3-4" of sand - preferably not a real coarse grain type.  Good luck!you dig a hole..then put sand in it..dig a hole.... . fill it back in with sand...
If she's standing on a corner wearing next to nothing... she might be a prostitute. Park next to her and honk your horn.ask her or ask her bf
Undoubtably somebody must.You have to own a premium for old xbox games to read on the xbox 360's. My friend had this problem returned his Xbox 360 and bought the premium. It may be $100 more, but with only stupid games out for Xbox 360, it's worth it.just like it's not on a xbox 360... yes why?my brother does..
Usually if you click the link while holding down the "Control" button, it will allow pop-ups. If not, you have to add the games website to your list of allowed sites, somewhere in your browser's setup.When you press on the link to open it, press the ctrl button.cause your computer or the game might have a virus or it is not compabtibleI had that problem before. I didn't know about the Control button thing. (nice to know) .  .  I have several pop up blockers on my computer, two on two different tool bars, (Yahoo & Google) The one I didn't know I had (the one that was blocking everything) I found that one under the tools tab on the top toolbar, I don't know what kind of system your using I use win. XP home s.2 . I turned it off and the problem  stopped. Hope this helps
Use them! Oh WD-40 Would Work to but will hurt the stopping performance of your breaks.wett?. . what do u do when u r wet ?? sorry kidding have funcompressed airpump your brakes that should dry them off.
Why s life so expensive? Because we keep buying.The more expensive games get to be the higher the price for us isThe disks themselves don't really cost that much to make, gaming disks cost so much as so many people need to be paid... Shops need to make a profit and does the distributor and producer of the games. The company linked to the games needs to be paid it's a long list really...The programmers, Game designers, distributers, and retail stores and Uncle Sam all need to get paid.Because it probbally takes years to make a gameIf you are a hard gamer...you wouldn't say that...I still can accept the price..development costs and time, promotion costs, the stores cut, faulty disks, debugging, and all the unecessary stuff, like packaging too/beacause the more better graphics and better sytems and consels that come out have better graphics and gameplay which leads to $50.00 games and over
Bipolar disorder (previously known as manic depression) is a diagnostic category describing a class of mood disorders where the person experiences states or episodes of depression and/or mania, hypomania, and/or mixed states.. . Translated into an understandable language: those who suffer bipolar disorder can't behave 'normally'. They may be deeply depressed or highly euphoric, but never in the middle. Read the wikipedia article to see more details.Well, it looks your question is not in the proper category.. It could be a bipolar disorder (a manic depression), like some of the other answers explained. . In digital transmission, it's an electrical line signaling method where the mark value alternates between positive and negative polarities.it s a disorder dealing with moods i thinkIt's A mood disorder also you might get a better answer if this was listed in toys.  It does not give you multiple personalities.  That is a totally different disorder.. . With bipolar your either super happy, very depressed or really angry.it is a disorder that gives you multiple personalities.A curious bear who is uncertain of it's sexuality!!happy one moment--depressed the next--angry the next--excited the next
Most likely, some girls might think ur ugly and some might like u.. I think that Katie likes Skinny pplzIf you get fat you aren't able to run as far.You need to build up weight for certain girlfriends.. . But fat limits your speed and height of jumping.. . You also need to build up some fat so that you don't expire from running until you run out of energy.. . What do you need fat for?if you get fat you can't run as long.some girles wont date you if you are skinny/fat.also if you don't eat you can lose fat quick or work out to lose fat.
Which sims do you have. If it is Sims 2 University, I think it means that you need to give  or let them do something to give them knowledge. like read a book or look through a telescope, or something knowledgeable.. Hope this helps.....Happy Simming...:)it may be A glitch in the game or a random action i really don't know but if you find out when it happened that may helpYou need to feed your Furbie ASAP.which type of sims game?(there R hole-lotta-sims games)if it's sims 2,then move yor sim sum-where else or somethingSim?
Because Wal-Mart is where....... you don't want me to go there.. Wal-Mart is bad for you and your community, visit you friendly locally owned business instead.. Your neighborhood will thank you :)Phone Wal-Mart and ask them maybe?
Go to one island and go to mt ember where the two rockets are standing. Battle two of them and defeat them and you will go in the cave. You will have to use strength but eventually you will recieve ruby.how old are you, go find out what a penis is.
Action/adventure, shoot em ups. . because this site rocks!Chess.  I think I am addicted to it because for the last 5 years i've averaged 2-3 hours a day playing it.
I decided to learn to whistle a couple of summers ago.  I spent three weeks ruthlessly blowing through my pursed lips and finally MADE SOME NOISE! It's not loud, its not steady, but its the beast I've ever been able to do.  So I guess its a genetic thing.I whislte pretty loud by inhaling, not exhaling!first try learning the flute or recorder. After a few days try whistling.It may take a while, but dont give up
A lot like it.. And, in my opinion, better.. All free online.. go the site.. Google Guild Wars.It's a mmorpg game quite similar to runescape where you can custom make your character. It's free online just download the client.Guild wars is a MMORPG.  Although its has some similarities to runescape it blows runscape away... Hell it blows WOW and Everquest out of the water.  The graphics are superior to almost any game you've ever played and you can customize the hell out of your character.  You can play Player Vs Player, Team vs Team, Guild vs Guild all in battle, or you can just go RPG'ing in the large world of Tyria, building your character, gaining skills, and finding items to keep or sell to other players.  . . Check out the website... After you do and see the Screenshots you will definately want to buy it.  After you get it there is never any fees to play online as much as you want.. . If you get it you can join my Guild, and I'll show you how to play and kick some ass.its an MMORPG... its like runescape but better graphics and more classes and skills, and quests.its an MMORPG (mass multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game) its kinda like WoW (world of Warcraft
First you need WiFi Connection (aka wireless networks) look for them in cafes and restourants. then when you finded it select browser from main menu then configure net conn. and ur RTR!!!you have to have wi fi connection, and if you don't have that at your house you can always go to a starbuckets and they have it or a book store like borders or barns and noble.
Goto this web site. There will show you how to make a yarn ball that you can pull from the center.Some yarn actually does come in more roundish balls. The oblong things you're referring to are callled "skeins". A local yarn shop would likely carry these round balls, but it would likely be more expensive than the skeins you can find at Wal-Mart. You can also purchase a ball winder from a local yarn/knitting shop.. . I would suggest buying a skein of yarn and use the tutorial on how to wind a center-pull ball from knittinghelp.com (the link is below, just scroll down her page a bit). I'm not that co-ordinated but most of the time the skeins I wind into balls for knitting are (nearly) perfect.If you're a real perfectionist on it (I would be), get some tennis balls and a glue gun. Use just a dab at the start, and a little bit each half turn sos the yarn doesn't shift. Leave the end loose (glued down about half a rotation before) and give it a couple of inches that do move so you can hang them or hang the end out the edge of the basket.just get one of the oblong ones and take the end of it and start wrapping it around two of your fingers. Keep wrapping until you get the ball size you want.Roll it up and keep the cat away!
Run all the way around the block, singing any song. from The Sound of Music at the top of your lungs.. . Eat a sandwich made of 1 slice of bread . wetted thoroughly with Tabasco and then spread with peanut butter and folded over. You can't eat this one fast- take pity and allow a glass of water if you like. Or if you really hate them make the sandwich with 2 slices of bread and add lots of pepper or salt.(Raw eggs are too easy). . Shave off one eyebrow. It'll grow back in about 2 weeks but its effect is really odd. People will know something is wrong but not be able to figure it out- they'll ask if you got colored contacts.... . Get in the shower fully clothed and turn it down as cold as it gets for 30 seconds (or worse). . Let everyone doodle on your face with washable markers, and leave it on until the next morning.. . Drink a shaken-up soda or beer while standing on your head.. Should cause much foaming from the nose.... . Play a game of chess with shot glasses for pieces, you. have to drink everything you capture. Checkers if you're in a hurry, or don't have enough glasses- drink once for each capture.. . That should get you started.. The key to a good dare is they have to be able to do it immediately in front of everyone.i dare you to ask the boy/girl you really like out. i dare you to curse out somthin bad to a best friend.. i dare you to clean my house . i dare you to do my H.W.. i dare you to...to eat 3 raw eggs in a glass. disgusting!I dare you to... run around the block NAKED!dare someone you really like to eat peanut butter off you. really fun even if you don't have a crush on someone. feels awesome.
don't try. They've installed new systems to catch people doing things like hacking. And you will get banned.well if you want to hack runescape its inpossible how you said it you never said whick kind of hack. hack can aso mean a swinging of a axe so hard to answermy kids love that game, I was once addicted myself.... I'm going to check back for tips on this one!
Translation for those who are of the educated kind.. What this person meant to ask was.... . . In Pokemon Gold, below Fushcia, what do you have to do to move the boulders that block 'C' route '2' Cinnabar?use the move strength from one of your pokemon.go to www.gamespot.com or www.gamefaqs.com for helpuse strength.either strength or rock smash ...you get rock smash from a guy around the place where youve encountered sodowoodo and that might help other than that use strength
"It's going to be another wonderful day!" - I've been consciously telling myself that for years, and it works!I'm thinking, "Wow! Let's go back to sleep because I'm freaking tired!" or  "Today is going to be crappy." It depends on which day it is.well it depends if I have a girlfriend with me when I wake up,I always like to try to solve the mystery of morning wood. Still havent solved the mystery but hoping to find the right woman ,to help me keep trying.damn thats a hot manHow many more times can I get away with hitting snooze and still not be late for work.SexMy dog is on the bed and he peed somewhere because I can smell it onhimwhat time is itI hope it would be just another great day for me to start with getting all my work done without any mistakes, to have all fun i can have, not to hurt/harm anyone........This is what i think each day as soon as i wake upGrab a cigerette and go pee!"please no!!". . "it's 2am and i didn't get to bed until 11pm... i dont want to work this much.. please make it stop!!"  *thud* *snore* . . ==a little while later===. . "OH SH*T, Its 4am!! I'm Late!!!". . . that is exactly what happened this morning, and appart from the being late bit, it happens most of the time.I'm usually too sleepy to think!"Ah Shit, This fucking hell again"i check my face if i have a pimple...holy s***.  What did I do last night? week?Why the hell am I awake before noon?Woah, is morning alreadytime to wake the kids!turn off my alarm clock, then go pee, then stretch, then eat some food.to look outside to see if it is daylight/ sunny/ snowAs soon as I open my eyes in the morning, I am reminded of the classical by Jim Reeves:-"We thank Thee each morning for a New Born Day, where we.....We thank Thee everyday, as we kneel and pray that we were born with eyes to see these things.."
Never Tickle a Sleeping Dragon.. . (Nunquam, not nunouam)My dear, I want to know what assignment you could possibly have that relates to Harry Potter. (Yes, I'm an HP addict. I can also tell you what the inscription on the Mirror of Erised really says, if you need that for your assignment too.). . However, the earlier answer - "Never tickle a sleeping dragon" - is correct.
You are ugly - you like like a gray box.you play games with them?Oooo thank u for the points....Use your Pierce Bronson impression. It always works for me.I don't know and I really don't care.Because your name is Petey.http://laddertheory.com/You dont treat them well. Treat them well and you get anything.Why don't you ask the women that you are trying to have sex with. They would know a little bit better than us. There could be any number of reasons.The same reason they don't have sex with me; that is to say how ugly and perverted I am, how I don't respect them and am sooo macho and masochistic to boot.  I think women don't have sex with me because I tell them they don't know what they're missing until the do it with me.  Hey, it's hard being God's gift to sex, let me tell you.. . Then again, it could be for one simple reason:  Women having sex isn't about you.  Grow up.maybe cause u ask them straight out will u have sex with me. take some time to no them..you stink. you should have got axe.Well there could be a lot of factors. Looks, Age, Immature, Sex is all you wantProbably because u ask stupid question like this when u are having sex. Man, get a hooker, they do it with anyone...you're a girl.More info needed to answer your question.its got  to be a personal thingBecause you're too busy on YA.TRY TO GO OUT TO MUCH AND MAKE SOME FREINDS FIRST THEN EVERY THING WILL BE EASYb/c it's not about sex, it's about love.you're probably uglyA woman does NOT have sex with a man, a MAN has sex with a woman...what is sex? It's what a man does while a woman is making love.maybe your just trying to get into their pants. watch the movie Hitch and girls will start having sex with you.Probably the attitude, you could be dog ugly and still got a lot of chicks if you had the moves.because you believe they won't sex with you maybeit depends, find a girl with your qualities that you like, that shares some sort of interest with you. then, dont rush it, let her make the first move, if it takes to long you make the first move and gradually move into sex. . then again it could be because you suck or your dick is lame.. :)
apple pie he hePut some Vaseline in a sandwich baggy, put it between the cushions of the couch and go to town.I heard that cutting a hole in a bed a little bit bigger then your purple headed yogurt slinger and stuff the hole with a peice of warm wet meat. Make sure its in thier good so it does'nt slip out when your boinken your bed/a bed and then go to work. When you squirt it'll hit the ground/floor.Find a excon who always picked up the soapCarve yourself one out of an avocado.get a piece of salted pork...cut hole in it and enjoy ....Buy a canteloupe, cut a hole in it, just enough for you to fit, and put some lube in it.. Have fun!peal a little part of an orange.. It is said to be a very nice and strange feeling....Ok one of my friends did this and he said it worked really well!!!. . So you get a toilet paper roll, stuff the inside with a plastic bag and tape the excess of the bag outside the tp roll... then squirt some lotion inside the tp roll wiht the plastic bag... Then do your business and it is easy cleanup too!!! ENJOY!get out a try meeting a real one
In certain fights when you die, King Mickey comes to help Sora. Certain fight that do this is the one with Xaldin(Beast's Castle) and the one with Demyx(Hollow Bastion).certain booses like the gate keeper or xaldin or cerberus when those bosses defeat you mickey comes out. those are the only bosses i know since they are the ones that beat meThere are certain fights that you can become King Mickey.  I know during the battle with Demyx if Sora is knocked out Mickey comes to fight.In certains boss fights, when Sora dies, you will take control of King Mickey. You can use him to revive Sora.When Sora runs out of health while battling certain bosses (most of the Organization 13) A new screen will show that says "Load Game" or "I won't give up" choose the second choice and you will become King Mickey until Sora revives. Hope that helped ;)
well, its all in the gun, other than, that i cant say much moresince airsoft fires at low velocity, the aiming is unpredictable.  Take wind and distance into account when you are aiming.  The best and easiest way i have found is to fire once, and correct your aiming from there, that is the only accurate way I have found.  It is a lot like paintball, sometimes the guns are just unpredictable.
only slowpoke can evolve into a slowking if the verison you're playing is either gold, silver, or crystal, go to the cave a little bit below the first gym and search around in there for a man wearing glasses BUT!! once you get the king rock you have to let slowpoke carry it and trade it with one of your friend with a link cable or else it won't evolveu have to use a moon stoneI didnt know pokemon fever was still around .Pokemon is still the most popular anime series around, and the most popular TCG, it is the 3rd most popular franchise too, (1st is Animal Crossing, 2nd is Nintendogs).. . I think you can also evolve it by linking with another game, I'm not sure here, as it's been ages since I've played the older Pokemon games.. . A Google search should give you the answers.
It is a number game done on a grid of 9 squares: 3 across and 3 down.  Each square must contain the number 1 - 9.  Each row must also contain the numbers 1 - 9.  Each number can be used only once....no repeats...so each number appears in each row across, each row down and in each square.it's a highly addictive numbers game....I LOVE IT!its a number puzzle.  it is from Japan.  it is 81 (usually) spaces, some numbers are given. you fill in the empty ones.  other posters have given the details.  try it , it is challenging.A very addctive game! Heres the site where I play. http://www.uclick.com/client/arg/sudoc/
make a shoebox guitar.....Easiest way is three glasses with varying amounts of water in them.  Use glasses the same size and shape, and experiment with the quantity of water, tapping each with a spoon or something until you get three notes that sound ok together.  Mark the water lines on the glasses so you can get them to school.Use a short piece of PVC pipe.  It makes a great trumpet sound.Bust out the skin flute skills and get down with it 3 ways!Take a bottle and try putting holes in it and play it like a flute or clarinet or something like thatdude. i totally swear we go to the same school. i have the exact same problem. email me and we can see if we like know eachother lol.Do you go to Edison High School and have Norman Heiger as your teacher. becuase I have the same problemstretch 3 rubber bands over a shoe box.  Raise them with blocks of wood at varying heights.  You should be able to strum them now with no problem.take a paper towel tube, cut 3 holes in it and scrunch up one side.. i think it works
Freeze out, means no re buys or add on. You lose them your out.usually there is 10players at a table play continues untill there is only 1 player left.Each last standing player will then go to a finals table where your original chip start amount is returned i.e 10 players 3000chips per playyr 30,000accumalated.final table should start each player back on even keel chip wise.....ACEOFSPADES..untill you win (hopefully any way)good luck at at your first go.
What is the theme of the game ? Does it involve killing innocent people or cops .Maybe you already know the answer ! Maybe if you swap the attitude for some respect ,it might work in your favor . She just might ease up on you .If you`re in your teens its NORMAL to be a little rebellious .You need to find out where you stand in society.. When you get older it doesn`t matter who you impress as long as you are happy with WHO YOU ARE.. LaterThe games themselves don't have an influence in one's attitude. The reason your mother believes you have an attitude problem after you play the game is most likely of your after-emotions. When someone plays a game for a prolonged time, they feel edgy and short-tempered after they're done. It's quite natural for your mother to believe that game is responsible for the problem. . . Your mother loves you and anything she says to you is because she cares for you. She may not be right all the time but be open-minded and hear her out.Grades are different from attitude. For example, if you played a racing game, would your parents care just as much. If I (Im a girl BTW) played Barbie Fashion Designer, my parents would probably think I'm wierd. But if I played Mortal Combat or Grand Auto Theft, my parents would throw the game system away. It just all depends on the game's decency in real life.Video games can affect your life in other ways. She probably feels you could be using the time in more productive ways, like reading the Bible.Well think about it this way.. are the games you playing violent?  Like a perfect example would be GTA3..  That game made a lot of parents angry.  First you need to show her that the games you are playing are harmless and that they do not hurt your grades at all.  To make things easier for yourself make sure t get good grades :-PPerhaps you are losing the game? If you lose, you may be prone to lash out on people. This goes for anything: video games, baseball, etc.; when someone loses, it generally doesn't put them in a good mood.my mom is the same way, even though i get all a's. i think its gay.they assume you're addicted to violence. judging by the shows you watch on tv, the way you watch R rated movies, and the games you play, they're afraid you'll turn into another columbine.i told ur mom to not like the games u play and so she did. yay.
They take it WAY too seriously, it is their life...the worst are the guys who play World of Warcraft...they call us 'you people' and talk in leetspeak. Kind of scary actually, a bit anal and detached from reality.Maybe you take it to seriously.  Its more than a game, its a world where you can play as a team, or you can insult, team kill and order people around.  No big deal.  Just find some people that want to play "your way".Those aren't hardcore gamers, those are little kids. They probably haven't even reached puberty yet.its all they have, they are total losers in real life and its the only thing they have to make them feel good about themselves.  Its the same with all games.  In real life they are about 500lb and cant even walk.They don't know how to react with the real worldexcuse me but I play basketball with my friends, take walks, read books(not comics), and go out with friends whenever I can(to clubs, the movies, etc.) so maybe it's you that's rude and obnoxious for stereo-typing people. I'm not a "hardcore" gamer but you did say gamer.Because everyone who is good, has been playing for so long, they have no life. And because they have no life, go on power trips when they are better then everyone else. And then they think they're god; until they get off their computer. But that never happens, cuz then their world would collapse and they would die.Not all of us, it's just the real geeks who live for it and nothing else, no social interaction with people face to face. AKA sado's.  . . PS, if that pic is you, you truly are stunning!Don't worry, I'm not a geek...I HOPE!!!They don't have any social experiences other than with other gamers.  It is all about not having any exposure to normal people and normal things.To a heart core gamer its not just a game its there life its all they do they dont talk to real people and they dont realy ever see the sun. lol
why not? do you want the responsibilities of life before you're even old enough to have a job? technically, you don't HAVE to live with them, but if they don't want you to leave, the law will find you and make you go back, and if they WANT you to leave, the law will say they have to provide you a room until you're 17 or 18.They don't have too, try getting a job and supporting yourself if you're a teenager and don't want to live at home.Cuz they are still in their teens... overconfident and unexperienced about the world.Ah because it is the law, and you have no money to support yourself, and you have no rights until your 18 to obtain some legal things you may need, and well if you divorce your parents - or they are put in jail for something - you can possible live alone, with another adult or relative - Or of course have too is always a stong word you can always run away if it is bad enough and seek help in several differet organizations!  Covenant House, The Bridge etc.. . However - my only caution is think hard before you act - maybe there is some other options!because they dont know anything about the real world i would live with my mom if i had a chance to leave because i'm not ready to leave home lolWell they have to live with them. Honestly do yo think that a teenager that is still in high school can support themselves without any help from their parents? Kids should be happy that they have their parents to support them being an adult is really hard and you should enjoy your time as a teenager while you can because you will go up faster than you know it.umm.... lets see they only provide the essentials: food, clothes, shelter, money, and other entertainment items such as a phone  . . yea thats all they provide lets all leave our parents b/c they dont give anything important. . yea that was a dumbass question to ask
Jabberwocky by Lewis CarrollIt is a thing, apparently an animal, in the Nonsense Poem, "Jabberwocky," by Lewis Carrol.  The point is that the poem is filled with words that seem to have meaning, but really don't - these made up words are found embedded in normal English grammar and syntax, so they seem to be sensible, but aren't.
They use a collar that expands the neck of the balloon so they can put whatever will fit through and make their arrangement then fill it with air. Interesting. I watched a vendor make several of them at Wal-Mart this past Christmas.They stretch the balloon opening over the toy,at the same time putting air in it.once the toy is inside they fill the balloon with helium.put toy in, then inflate balloon?Yes, the collar answer is correct.  Here's a picture of a product they use:. . http://www.balloontec.com/trex_instructions.htmI think I have seen the tool they use to put things in balloons. The balloon is stretched over a plastic tube that is large enough to accommodate the toy. The toy is inserted in the balloon thru the tube. Latex balloons stretch well and are used for this.. . You can try this with a regular balloon..You will need 2 balloons. Take one balloon and insert it into the other. A smaller balloon is easier but you can use the same size. If you have a hard time, use the eraser side of a pencil or blunt chopstick to push it in. Partially inflate the INNER BALLOON and tie it off. Now inflate the outer balloon and tie it. You got a balloon in a balloon! : )they stuff the toy in first!
have you read the book or seen the movie? if not i suggest you do. in the book/movie its an underground club where men go and fight each other, just for fun. its kinda hard to explain but watch the movie its awesome.The 1st rule of a fight club is you do not talk about the fight club. ;)hmmm...maybe its a club...where people like...fight? duh! losah!a fight club is a club that people fight each other for either the thrill, the respect, or the cash or it could be for all three. you can learn all about it by watching the great movie "Fight Club". it has Brad Pitt in it. it based off a book.Where people fight for the fun of it.A club where a bunch of low lives meet once or twice a week and beat the mess out of each other. If you ask me that is not my type of fun, or even a good hobby.
Are you talking about software? What is its name?i believe you are talking about Mcafee security suite...did you use windows restore recently??. if so you need to open up Mcafee security centre and MANUALY update it for today, this will reset the active shield components...then reboot your computer.
Are you sure your TV's brightness/contrast is the same as your friends'? Because that's almost certainly the issue. The PS2 shouldn't be putting out any different brightness, unless the game itself supports a brightness setting (which very few do).. . If you're sure it's not the TV then you might also consider getting new cables (or swapping with your friend).set it from the settings
that's sad u dont no howYou have purchased on-line right?...They may send you a CD. Or and email from which you download.... . I bought full version of monopoly, long time ago...But cant remember how I got it on my computer...(They didn't send a CD then)
Your hobbies are things you enjoying doing in your spare time, things that you like to do , i.e. reading, drawing, skating, gambling, whatever you enjoy doing when you have free time.what do you do that brings you the most joy?  it can bring relaxation, energize you, or pass hours without notice.  those things are your hoobies!something you like doing like swimming singing, etcwhat ever you cant stop doing or you can but dont want to is your hobbiehobbies are the things you like to do always.. the things that you enjoy to do always..what do you enjoy?
I don't know, but I can't wait until it comes out.  I hope it will play DVDs, too.  I've heard mixed reports about whether or not it will.Not sure are they out yet :) I am not too happy with them. They should concentrate on a system that you only replace parts of to update and old games will play and it has two controllers and a game! NOW that would really impress me.. All the same I will no doubt go get one,albeit begrudgingly :)It works by sensing its own tilt, yaw, and axis. By what position it's in, and with normal controller functions, it sends the data to the console (much like a regular controller does) wirelessly by Bluetooth.Like this:. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tXYw_Enklk&search=wii%20sonic. . Yup, that's how Sonic plays with his wii!!!. >_>. <_<
Billiards and pool are actually two different games which look quite similar.  Billiard tables are larger and don't have pockets.they rnt the same ...... a billiards table is a different size and has smaller pockets....in pool you have 2 different types of balls - big & little -. and of course the black. when you break the first ball down is your ball the other player gets the other. the winner is the person who sinks all their balls and the black ball. in snooker there are more balls and different colours. you need to sink the coloured balls in a certain order and you get certain points for certain colours hope i have been some helpThe main difference is the Table.The billiards table is huge while the pooltable is small.There are 21 balls in Billiards while there are 15 balls in pool.Besides there are many other differences.well in my experience.. a game of pool is where you jus shoot pool. but i THINK, not 100% sure that billiards is like a place. a place where they have pool tables/games etc. like a entertainment chill place.
It means "dated". If you are courting someone, you are seeing them or dating them. Goes back to the days of royal courts.dating in th presence of a royal court "a courtship". '
You don't, I'm afraid. Sonic heroes doesn't have a chao garden. Sorry.. . I hope there will be one for the next-gen consoles.There is no Chao Garden in Sonic Heroes.there isnt 1there is noneYou can't that is why i like Sonic Adventures battle 2!sorry that only on sonic adventure one and twoThere is no chao garden!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!there isnt one
Is the pump running? Is the water moving? Please be a little more specific.Have you back-washed the filter?  Do you hear it running, and having a normal sound?  Are you treating with chemicals?  You may have to call a professional!!!Prime it. pour water in it enough to get it going.well if you think you plugged it in the right way and its still not working maybe you should take it back to the retail store you got from and exchange for a new one, or either ask a sale representative to let you see the instructions in another filters box.plug it inIf you know the manufacturer of the pump, try finding their web page. You can normally get copies of the instruction manuals online. If they don't have them, ring the company and get them to send you a copy. While you're there, ask for technical assistance.Plug it in, plug it in!.....i think...read the instructions
Ebay or a local game shop.  You can't go wrong!!!gamestopa carefully plotted home invasion will net you this prize and much more.  Remember to wear gloves.You're gonna have to buy it used.Ya you can at Ebay or buy it used at a store like GameStop or EBGames.
Woman in love by Barbara Striesand. cause It alawys make relax and clear my mindStairway to Heaven-Led Zeppelin -- Because it's the greatest song ever!Who wants to live forever by Queen. Because we all want to live forever until we really think about it.. . I also like where Eagles fly by Sammy haggar It inspires me to to try and achieve greatness.. . give them a listen some time when you are not in a parting mood.taking back sunday - you are so last summer . . cuz its the story of my lifeMontana by Frank Zappa- great lyrics, great guitar, hummable little ditty about a guy who wants to move to Montana and grow some dental floss.One Wish by Ray J,because it is a good songPhotogragh by nickelbac, Pretty much my story they're singing. Good trip down memory laneYou're Beautiful by James Blunt because its lyrics best fits my life.hey Jude by the Beatles, why? because, well, just listen to it. it's your life!
The action packed games are quicker and have more flashing images than sports games. This may be a sign of slight epilepsy. You may want to ask a doctor because it can lead to headaches or migraines or seizures (if it a bad case). You will not be able to get the right answer from anyone on here.the quick movements, flashy lights, and contant concentaration are all likely to make you dizzy stop at least once an hour preferably 15 mins.  take a short walk, can even be around the house.  get a drink ect.  loosen up your muscles before you play again.  . . if you get extremely dizzy you might want to ask your doctor next time you vist.. because some people have photosensitive epilepsyomg i get the same way playing san andreas....i like playing but hell do i get dizzy. i dont know why either i always thought it was because it moves to fast for our eye movement....its probally the lights...try opening a window turning on sum litesTake a break every hour for 10 minutes. It's recommended by the game companies and actually works pretty well. Otherwise, you just get dizzy easily.Your screen might be too big.. Try playing on a smaller screen and take a 15 min break every 2 hours.it happens 2 me 2 but i think it just frys ur brain no offense
As an adult go to Lon Lon Ranch. Go to the corral to ride the horses. You can ride Epona (that is the horse you will get). While you are on Epona talk to the ranch owner and he will challenge you to a race. Beat him in a race. He won't want to give you Epona so you have to jump the wall and escape.you go to the ranch place, find the little girl who gives you eponas song, pay money to get in the ranch, play eponas song, get on the horse(epona) and then go up to the evil guy and he asks if you want to race, then you race and beat him like twice or something then he gives epona to you. yes i love that game because it rules all.
yep! i doubt if it can be done blindfolded though, u still need to visually inspect the position of the colors. i used to do in just under 1.5mins.my brother is unbelievable.I don't know the secret,but he definitely know. he is a genius.the trick is to not pick it up ....its addictive
play in the rain. or try making paper boats and float them in puddles of water.stay insidelike me, you can watch a movie indoors, its raining in blackburn toosame as people everywhere else in this country,. . make your own entertainment.indoorsgo outside and get wet
Since you are not naming the game which you would like to learn... . I have to say clips for fun or money.You could spend a lifetime learning poker.
you always have to dicared even if its a card you need then you have to change your stragedy thats what the games aboutOk if you used all the cards in your hand and haven't discarded you are floating- so the other person takes their turn and then when its your turn again you pick up a card from the unused deck if you can't play it then discard it, and the hand is over. You can't pick up a card from the used cards and just discard it.If you can't discard you are floating and it's the next persons turn.the way i was taught was to continue playing until you are able to actually discard
you could set up a fan, maybe that would help, the shoppers would probably also apreciate it. . and I would try keeping just a few on display and putting the rest in a cooler or insulated bag under the table/in the trunk of your carkeep them in ice
Sledding, skiing, making snow angels, walking, making snowmen, kissing. The list is endless.Your girlfriend/wife.Make a snowman, skiing, sledding, snow angels, snowball fights, ice skating, a roaring fire in the fireplace.snow ski. snowball fightsstay inside and wrestleFun activites can be skiing,river rafting,bungi jumping in cool weather,wearing a sweater n playing in ice outside or even getting married in winters...cool..Im in Australia, Queensland so no snow here, but nice times for picnics, big breakies, boardgames, movie nights, spending time with family, sitting round a bonfire drinking, going to concerts/theatre is nice too, walks on beach???Burn stuff and roast marshmellows
Jr. and Tony are both cute. On a level, Jr. is cuter but Tony can actually win.y i much rather have dale jrs emailtry his fan club
After a while, when you continusly play the game, the clock, for some reason, gets messed up, and your berries will not grow anymore. How to fix it: I don't know, and I don't think you can. If I find a way I will get back to you on that.Have you watered them? They should grow if not you game has a glitch.you can only get so much.I REALLY CAN'T HELP U WTIH THIS CUZ I DON'T KNOW ABOUT THIS POKEMON THING SO EXPLAIN WHERE THIS POKEMON IS OR WHAT IT IS
noob.....put them into the folder??????????. . pervert hot coffee kid....There must be a notepad with instructions that you need to download an application that modifies the files manually. I don't know what modifications you are talking about so I can't say a straightforward instruction. It depends upon what you are modifying.
you could try scrubbing the sole with lemon juice. Lemon juice is a good cleaner (antibacterial) and it smells good.Kill the hippie who's wearing them.
cant be exact a 1 year old can hold itnot very - you should try being hit with a metal one; now that is heavy!!not that heavy my 7 month old cousin can hold one
You can also use My SpaceSign up for Yahoo 360. It's easy to use and you can create a blog there!www.freewebs.com they have a blog set up with tutorialThere are several sites. I have friends who have one on www.xanga.com, www.myspace.com, www.livejournal.com (I think). . . I hope that helps!GOTO BLOGGER.COMgo to yahoo service, then communication, the 360 and it will instruct you so you can create one and it is easy. I'm not that computer literate and i did one so good luckwww.blogger.com   They make it so easy for people like me who know NOTHING about computers and programs.  Start there.
The person who is it yells "Marco" and the others who are not it yell "Polo" and the "it" tries to find the others with his/her eyes closed, with only voices to guide them.. . Normally it's played in a pool, but I guess it doesn't have to be.It's a game like Blind Man's Bluff but you play it in a swimming pool. Basically the person who is It has to close their eyes and say "Marco". All of the other players have to respond with "Polo". By listening to the players' responses and feeling the movement of the water the person who is It has to find and tag another player.It's a simple game...  It's almost like playing tag but in the pool..  The person that has to catch somebody must keep his eyes closed... the only way that he could find where people are is by saying Marco because then the people swimming around the pool trying to get away have to say Polo.... Once this person hears the people saying Polo then he can go tag them and then they become "it".  Nothing special but most people usually cheat by only squinting their eyes or going under water for a quick second and then taking a peek!!!mar co polo is a game in a swiming pool some one will say marco and some one will say polo and marco will close is eyes you must tag the eter person. .  if marco was blind you would no hes not cheatingVenetian traveler who explored Asia in the 13th century and served Kublai Khan (1254-1324).. . But theres a game  that you play in the pool. Where one person closes their eyes and yells "Marco", while the other people swim around and yell "Polo!", and the person with their eyes closed tries to tag all of those who yelled polo, by finding them from hearing their voice.
Not everyone does.  A few years ago I pointed out a guy driving by to a co-worker and said that yesterday that guy was sitting at a stop light picking his nose.  He told me I was full of crap.  Just after he said that, the guy in the car picked his nose and ate the pickings.What does this have to do with games and hobbies.. You need to GROW UP.. Stop wasting our time and space on Yahoo Answers.because its considered rude bla bla... Everyone does it, and if they say different they lie. . But doing it in public or around others is gross, its like fartingI don't deny it, but I don't think anyone should have to watch me.because its a dirty habit
THE MATRIX SUX PERIOD!because your living in the matrix and if they showed you what it was really like and how to beat the matrix everyone would escape!!!Well I guess its because it is trying to be a good mmorpg, but it is incredibly bland, because all of teh environments look exactly the same, and everywhere you go you see some stupid advertisement for something like nike, and every person wants to look like either Neo, Trinity or Morpheus.  Finally to top it off, the action is more frustrating than an old man trying to return soup from a deli.. . Jahnbecause that's the way those people are like they dont think about the graphics or else your just bad at the thing okay it is setteled
the ps2 games that are on coloured discs are on compact discs....the silver discs are dvd's! If ur ps2 is one of the older type (the chunky 1) you usually end up with an error when ever you try playing the coloured discs, its something 2 do with the lense not being strong enough to read the cd versions after a while! i only know this useless info cos i have the problem regarding coloured discs and this is the info that i got from sony when i rang them! the newer ps2 doesnt give u the same hassle as the older one!Just the way the producers made it. Some times they dont always work on playstations 2's. I have a friend who when he puts a blue disk in it says game error.Blue bottom disks are cd's. Silver bottom disks are dvd's
i know how to make it work ,first,go to www.emule-project.net and download the program ,then type in it's search what you like and download it.. . good luckwell i'm having the same problem. but mine is also on SIM 1. &SIM 2. if you have the answer could you send it to me.BECAUSE I SENT A VIRIUS INTO YOUR COMPUTER!!!!!You must have bought a pirated copy of the CD. Build mode is disabled in those versions.
you had not explained that for which purpose you require email bcz various ids can be created.pls clarifiyyou have to yahooseach they can do it for you.well u can downlaod the msn and after click registerstrationgo to yahoo search to find out howyou can only set up a new email id not a knew email id... if you knew how to set up a new e mail id... you wouldnt be asking this question in the first place !The word 'new' has no 'k'. I do not wish to assist someone who does not now how to spell.just look for new registration.. and click it.. c",)just make a new acount with yahoo
The only way I've ever been able to run the game is with DOSbox. If you can't get it to work, you may need to work on finding another DOS emulator.read the instructions  well..!
What have you been smoking? Sounds like something that was played in your mind while you were sleeping.Ice doesn't have bones in the ice. Bones are found in living things whereas ice is a non-living-thing.And the award for the dumbest question goes to....Interesting one. But why annoy the baker if the wind-mill isn't blowing?it does you just cant see them cause they are see throughWhat ice?The house floated before the water froze and everyone made it out alive and there were no bones left  behind.If you ask a silly question you get a silly answer.Initially "ice" can be compaired to a bone due to its strength and solid formate.  However, as we know due to incresing temperatures (since we don't really take care of our enviornment) that "ice" may no longer exist and we are all going to flood (probably)...If you don't know how to swim you might want to get started...:)>
I have it and it works great- maybe you need more ramDouble check your system and make sure you have the requirements.  If that doesn't work, try reinstalling it.
I would say munchlax they are one of the 4th generation pokemon! Munchlazx evolves into Snorlax.The pokemon thay are adding to the DS pokemon games!if ur talking about the games on game boy i think it is either emerald green, fire red or sappire blue
I think a semi-auto gun is where you have to keep pressing the trigger to fire the ammo out.   A fully automatic gun is where you just press and hold the trigger back and it will continously fire.semmi u can shoot bullet for bullet fully outo alot at a timenon-automatic means u have 2 cock the gun every time u want 2 shoot, automatic means u cock the gun once and u can just hold down hte trigger and fire awaySemi-Auto means you have to pull the trigger for each pellet to come out, but the pellets will auto load into the chamber. Full auto means it will fire as long as the trigger is pulled and until you run out of pellets
Was Cindy the little one? . She fell out of the loop cause she had kids and her figure got ruined!Barbie had an arch nemesis?. . I thought she was friends with everyone?. . Seems to me that nobody would want a nemesis doll - I mean, c'mon, does she only wear black or something?  How much fun is that?  More than likely, Mattel took her off the market because no one bought her.Discontinued, perhaps not enough kids wanted her. That's my guess. So tell me Sista, why are you asking that? Was it your favorite doll? Do you salsa dance? Purr?out on a serial killing streak...
adventure island the water park or island of adventure. there are no height limits in the water park, at the amusement park, with the coasters, u have to be at least 48 inches to ride the main rides like the hulk and dueling dragons. 40 inches tall to ride the water rides, i think not positive, check out there website.  as for getting taller, use one of those torture devices that stretch ur bodygenetics and diet control your height.Don't cheat!  Those height restrictions are for your safety.  Amusment park rides, especially roller coasters, and extremely dangerous.at adventure u have to be a certain height to ride there big water rides. how i know this is becuz i go there alot.Well, usually you have to be 4 feet tall- 4 feet and a half to go on most rides. Here are some things you can do: you can wear high heels, wear a tall hat, stand up taller when they measure you, and the list goes on and on. Thank you and goodbye.Wear platform shoes?
10 - 8 pm ..... Rs 30010 a.m to 5.00 pm. Rs 300 per person
They are really saying, "Get a broom".  This means that you need to sweep up, dope.They're just saying you look tired and should go take a nap.Well if you're acting like a big ho and you're making out with people in public, people yell "get a room!" because they don't want to see you making out. It's only out of respect that you don't do that kind of thing in public.It means stop doing the dirty in public and get an roomdude im only sixteen and i know the answer to that! it means stop being desgusting in public, like being all up on your mans' pants and stuff, again im only sixteen and you are how old????You sure take a lot of hits with the dialog. It means that you should stop what you are doing and take your partner home. In the UK it may mean something else.Usually it means your making out with someone and it looks like your heading for sexthey are jealous, the want to be the one making out with you! get a room with a view, see their etchings.......that means have sexStop making out in public.  I usually make it to the back seat of a car, a hedge, or a bar's rest room before I really start swapin' body fluids with a girl... ya know?It is actually the new urban term for show some boob. If they are cute I would flash a little nip.if you are engaging in sexual acts, usually people do not want  to see it, so they tell you to get your own PRIVATE roomit means ur heading for the danger zone with a guy or theres alot of toching going on with u and someone else...probably jus making outITS MEANS TO STOP MAKING OUT WITH UR PARTNER.
A leather bag filled with lead shot.  It is used to hit someone on the head.I heard if you take any face card with an ace and glue them together, they make one powerful weapon! Not only can you win the card game with these, you can also smack the other person in the face with it as well, and it hurts like heck!Are you talking about the new game or anything else?A hard, short piece of lead or other metal designed to knock someone unconscious.It is a small club to knock people in the head.  Don't get it confused with the card game.
Find a town, find a merchant, talk to them, when you can buy things, click somewhere on the screen, an icon, I think it's toward the bottom left corner near - its in the window that you can buy stuff in I think. Then your items will come up with prices next to them and you can sell the stuff. And then there's haggling and all that, but that's a different story.Actually, the way I joined the thieves guild was by bribing/raising the disposition of any bagger (over 60) and then they told me where to go to join the Thieves guild (no mysterious woman).. . So, that's the only way to sell stolen items, through the Thieves guild.. . Edit: If the items are not stolen, go to a shop and talk to the merchant. Click on the round arrow symbol next to the face icon in the lower left hand corner (below the dialogue options). Then you'll see the wares that the merchant has for sale. Click on the bag in the bottom center of the screen (the one that's not highlighted) that will bring up YOUR inventory and then you just click on the item you want to sell.Go to a shop, if its stolen then you will have to join the thieves guild and 'fences' will become available, they buy your stolen loot (only the stuff with a red hand on it though). To join the thieves guild get thrown in jail for a minor crime, lie on the bed to do your time and then shortly after you are free, a mysterious woman will visit you at some point and she will tell you how to join thieves guild.i havent heard of that gamego to a shopkeeper and you can sell to him by clicking the two arrows on the bottom left of the screen and click your bag. and you can sell anything you click on. Or if it is stolen you  can find someone to fence it to in the thieves guild. in order to join the guild you need to commit a small crime and go to jail. once your out a messenger will contact you from the guild.
try ctrlSounds like you have to go into your browser options and "allow" that site to display popups. You'll have to enter that website's address into the blank field.
Patches are pretty much always an executable file which you run (at most you need to specify the directory where the game was installed).  Very few require you to replace a file by navigating to the directory and over-righting a file with a new one.. . The instructions are always very clear.First of all: What game are you patching? What operating system are you running...PC..MAC..Windows...Linux...??. . These are a must before you can get a full answer.. . But in general: go to the games website and check the update or support section.. Download the patch-READ the READ-ME FILE! Follow the instructions.. Many people simply download a patch or update, failing to read the notes and find out later they did it all wrong and create more problems than they had. Good luck, and happy gaming.Go to the game developer's website and check if they have new patches.
ummm as your accelerating hold 'r' shoulder button while you are turning.....hold R and press left to right repeatedlyAlso, you need to hit left/right as you do so, to build up power, and after a few seconds you will do a short boost when you relese.. If you don't alternate left/right on the d-pad, you will just go off the side, (made the same mistake myself when I started on the DS version).. . People who use this continuously online are known as "snakers" and are usually seen as the scum of the game, so try not to fall into the same hole as they did.
I think b/c the code is not really part of the primary program; but a secondary one.  so when the secondary becomes the primary the program will not interface as it is supp. too; even though the main program was written for this possibility..i'm no expert, just guessing..How come you are a grown man playing pokemon?because you are a loser not to be meanYou have a virusMaybe it's broken. Have you gone to a technician?
"Currently the auto-street laying function as part of the zone tool cannot be turned off. If, however, you draw roads and then zone an area, you can avoid having streets automatically drawn."What's SimCity4
3D Audio:  This is for gaming more than anything else. Sound cards such as the Live and Diamond MX300 use techniques that  not fully understand to make your speakers present sound that sounds like it is coming from behind or beside you instead of in front of you where your speakers are.  The true effect is best with a set of four speakers.Have you seen people with speakers infront and behind them?? that is to make some realistic sound, as if you were into the environment the sound tries.
Aha, I knew it was the ship. The answerer above gave you a very good advice. Vicki teleports you to where ever you want to go.. The easy way to move the boat is by going to the world map and clicking on the destination or the fog of war.. Once you completed the game once, all area you visited is shown on the map.Patience. That is the best advice I can give. Once you get Vicki as one of your stars of destiny life gets easier, but trust me, that boat can get long and boring. In all, the game isn't too terrible, it's worst part is the tedious boat journeys, but in all it's an enjoyable game.
Have heard of building A fire &burning the stickers off & using it for cattle feed. Supposidly A common pratice in Old Mexico.Also gather the young ,light green , leaves & cut off ALL stickers to be cooked with eggs as A breakfast[this I have done] Reminds one of raw oyster`s~Not in flavor; Also mix into green salad ; In an emergency ,the juice can be used as protectant on cuts & scratches simmular to using alovera; They are 4 sale in jars & some kind of preserver in large grocery storea.Not much flavor thereI'm not sure since my cat ate mine. Yes, prickers and all!
Cheats mess up your game always. Don't use too many, and don't use ones that you can't turn off, like peds riot. Just don't save with them on, and you'll be fine.www.cheatcc.com all the way. they get codes from everywhere. sometimes your saved games have to be messed up for the really good codes though it is very sadgo to cheat codes.com they will tell you,.actualy its dont use more then 1000 cheats try trangle triangle square curcle x L1 L1 down up for a hydra jet thats probably the best thing i can come up with right now
S between two pees.awesomeSimple, jack of all trades, master of NONE.. . Like a Red Mage in Final Fantasy.IT IS A PORTABLE PLAYSTATION A GAMES CONSOLE THAT IS MADE TO BE COMPACT.in five words: . the most portable handheld device. . .................or how about the most portable handheld device known to man that plays music, video, games, browses internet, and stores pictures, and also connects to other users via WI-FI connection... = )its like a cross between the ps2 and the gameboy advance. . it's a really cheap version of the playstationi dont actually have one but ive been told the graphics are as good as ps2, its basically a handheld play station... if you whant more info buy me one and ill tell you all about em :)
Watch a movie...do something interesting.Play truth or dare, or tell ghost stories, when I was younger we used to light candles and do S?ances.Ping pong. Pillow fight. Picture puzzle. Play readingButtsex, pin the tail on the cat (use a nail and hammer and a live cat), Mirrorpowdersnort is a great game as is Flatulating Bungholes, I always like to try "Hide the turd in the sleeping bag!".   Sexual Twister is cool.. Jim Beam Chugging Contest, Shot glass squat pick up.  I have many more games if you need them.watch movies, play truth or dare, tell ghost stories, have a fashion show, give make-overs, kareoke, hide-and-seek outside in the dark (only if you live out in the country), and don't forget to eat lots of sugar so you don't sleep at all! have fun!Scary movies, truth or dare, dress up and act stupid while staying up late and eating lots of sugar. It is a guarantee for a great night. Why is it called a sleep over when no one ever sleeps?
That's not true! Guys get pimples just as much as girls.what r u talking about? i see the oppositethats  a good ?.some guys do get pimples but unlike girls i think they pop itdats a lie!i actually heard once that they are slightly more likely to get them, but it would make sense that girls get them more because they wear makeup.Are you crazy I have pimples all over me facethey don't hardly ever get pimples. lots of guys get them. and in fact, they get it more than women do. male hormones trigger more breakouts than female hormones do.everyone gets pimples.  girls just obsess about it more.Guys get pimples...we pop em', and move on...they get pimples just like girls, however they dont normally get them as bad because they arent throwing all sorts of makeups at their face, clogging their pores.oh, guys get pimples.  it's just that they don't like making a big deal out of it.  it's just like our own.  it's not as bad as we think it is and hardly anyone notices themthey do get themusually by puberty
I gather from what everyone else is sayin here that its rubbing vaginas together.  Did she mention anything about bagels and pickels?  That sounds more interesting to me.  All this talk about food has got me hungry.Yeah, what those 3 said.I've never heard that term before, but I can pretty much guess what it is.. . My guess is that it involves the act of two women engaged in a certain, ahem, shall we say intimate act where they press certain, ahem, parts of their bodies against each other.. . Just a guess.A lesbian sex act which involves a certain measure of flexibility; it's rubbing and bumping vaginas together.I think it would be refering to lesbians having sex.
I agree that the regular Xbox is better. I ordered a special chip for mine, so I can download as many games as I want and I have every game ever created for Atari, Nintendo, Super Nintendo, Nintendo 64, and the Segas. It's awesome. There's no chip for the Xbox 360... not yet anyway.Why is the Playstation 2 better than the Playstation? Oh that's right because it's a generation ahead.I know im going tobe mocked for this, but the xbox. 360 costs too much and there that many good games.Nintendo wii  is going to be cheap and coolx-box 360 is better because it is way more advanced and has more cool stuff in it.and you could also brag about it since it just came out.DEFINITELY XBOX not no 360 crap.. . Reasons:. Over 300 dollars cheaper.. Easy to modify to your desires.. Can boot linux.. Can be easily turned into a Mac OSX Panther. Able to boot games onto the hard drive.. Able to modify system and game files.. Can use a keyboard and mouse.. Can play backed up/bootlegged games.. No issues, unlike the next few months/years of the xbox 360's life will reveal.. Can surf the internet with a web browser.. Can have music transfered from your computer WITHOUT media center.. Mod chip ready.. Doesn't screw up playing Halo 2 maps.. . ^^^^don't say any of that is not true, I have done it all myself.  If you don't believe me email me.its kinda obvious cause. . Xbox 360 processing power.. High-definition visuals.. Xbox Live online power.. Wireless integration.. Gamers always first.. Comments from developers.. We all know that Xbox 360™ blows the doors off today's consoles in the power department. But just how much power does Xbox 360 have, and why do developers and gamers agree that it's the system to beat? Glad you asked!. . By now you've already heard how Xbox 360 puts you at the center of the most powerful games on the planet—hence the "360," as in 360 degrees (geometry students will recognize that as the number of degrees in a circle). To accomplish this feat, Microsoft® has brought together a full circle of powerful factors.. . . . Behold your future—Xbox 360 has the power!. . Processing Powerhouse . The custom-designed Xbox 360 central processing unit (CPU) runs at a breakneck speed, thanks to its three separate core processors that clock in at 3.2 GHz each. . . Xbox 360 boasts a custom ATI graphics processor that clocks in at a blistering 500 MHz. If you want to get even more technical (and who doesn't?) Xbox 360 can take advantage of more than four times as many polygons as the original Xbox® console, and more than four times (seeing a pattern here?) the number of pixels per second.. . . . The 512 MB of RAM in Xbox 360 is eight times more powerful than the original Xbox, in terms of simple arithmetic. The system RAM gives developers a unified memory architecture. Game creators decide how to partition it, and all of the hardware components (like the CPU and GPU) can access the memory.. . The HD Era. High definition is upon us, and Xbox 360 is ready. Games are required to be authored for 720p and 1080i, and all games are optimized for the 16:9 widescreen viewing ratio. That doesn't mean you have to have an HDTV to play Xbox 360 games. Xbox 360 games always look good, but they look spectacular on your high-definition display.. . Hard Drive. The elegantly styled hard drive is physically very small and detachable, but it still boasts a whopping 20 GB of space. The sheer amount of downloadable content that fits on such a hard drive is staggering, and now you can rip more music onto your hard drive and play your own tunes as a soundtrack in any Xbox 360 game.. . Smart Power. Xbox 360 utilizes 48 parallel shader pipelines in the GPU that developers can optimize to get the performance they want.. A huge battlefield in Kameo™: Elements of Power™ and a shadow-laden firefight in Perfect Dark Zero™ look completely different and show the diverse ways just one developer, Rare®, took advantage of the GPU's flexibility.. . . . Developers tell the smart Xbox 360 which graphics engines to use to make visuals as sharp as they can be. The console depicts the vastness of a space fleet engaged in a battle hundreds of miles across or a single human face with equal aplomb.. . More than Games. Xbox 360 is first and foremost a gaming machine, and the number of amazing launch games and the intense focus on the gamer's experience cannot be denied. But Xbox 360 is also the center of your digital entertainment world. Not only will it play DVDs, but the system supports CDs, DVD-ROMs, DVD-R/RW, MP3s, JPEGs, and more.. . Xbox 360 Online. Xbox Live®, the premier console online gaming service with more than two million members, is getting even better, with a huge new center of online commerce called Xbox Live Marketplace, and best of all, Xbox 360 is always online with your high-speed Internet connection. . . . Xbox Live Silver, available to anyone with an Xbox 360 or Xbox 360 Core System console, a hard drive or a memory unit, and a broadband connection, provides many free features, including messaging and downloads. The second level of service—Xbox Live Gold, with the option to play multiplayer games online—costs the same as your original Xbox Live subscription. . . USB? U Bet!. Xbox 360 boasts three multi-purpose USB ports (XBOX 360.  . . At a Glance. Xbox 360 processing power.. High-definition visuals.. Xbox Live online power.. Wireless integration.. Gamers always first.. Comments from developers.. We all know that Xbox 360™ blows the doors off today's consoles in the power department. But just how much power does Xbox 360 have, and why do developers and gamers agree that it's the system to beat? Glad you asked!. . By now you've already heard how Xbox 360 puts you at the center of the most powerful games on the planet—hence the "360," as in 360 degrees (geometry students will recognize that as the number of degrees in a circle). To accomplish this feat, Microsoft® has brought together a full circle of powerful factors.. . . . Behold your future—Xbox 360 has the power!. . Processing Powerhouse . The custom-designed Xbox 360 central processing unit (CPU) runs at a breakneck speed, thanks to its three separate core processors that clock in at 3.2 GHz each. . . Xbox 360 boasts a custom ATI graphics processor that clocks in at a blistering 500 MHz. If you want to get even more technical (and who doesn't?) Xbox 360 can take advantage of more than four times as many polygons as the original Xbox® console, and more than four times (seeing a pattern here?) the number of pixels per second.. . . . The 512 MB of RAM in Xbox 360 is eight times more powerful than the original Xbox, in terms of simple arithmetic. The system RAM gives developers a unified memory architecture. Game creators decide how to partition it, and all of the hardware components (like the CPU and GPU) can access the memory.. . The HD Era. High definition is upon us, and Xbox 360 is ready. Games are required to be authored for 720p and 1080i, and all games are optimized for the 16:9 widescreen viewing ratio. That doesn't mean you have to have an HDTV to play Xbox 360 games. Xbox 360 games always look good, but they look spectacular on your high-definition display.. . Hard Drive. The elegantly styled hard drive is physically very small and detachable, but it still boasts a whopping 20 GB of space. The sheer amount of downloadable content that fits on such a hard drive is staggering, and now you can rip more music onto your hard drive and play your own tunes as a soundtrack in any Xbox 360 game.. . Smart Power. Xbox 360 utilizes 48 parallel shader pipelines in the GPU that developers can optimize to get the performance they want.. A huge battlefield in Kameo™: Elements of Power™ and a shadow-laden firefight in Perfect Dark Zero™ look completely different and show the diverse ways just one developer, Rare®, took advantage of the GPU's flexibility.. . . . Developers tell the smart Xbox 360 which graphics engines to use to make visuals as sharp as they can be. The console depicts the vastness of a space fleet engaged in a battle hundreds of miles across or a single human face with equal aplomb.. . More than Games. Xbox 360 is first and foremost a gaming machine, and the number of amazing launch games and the intense focus on the gamer's experience cannot be denied. But Xbox 360 is also the center of your digital entertainment world. Not only will it play DVDs, but the system supports CDs, DVD-ROMs, DVD-R/RW, MP3s, JPEGs, and more.. . Xbox 360 Online. Xbox Live®, the premier console online gaming service with more than two million members, is getting even better, with a huge new center of online commerce called Xbox Live Marketplace, and best of all, Xbox 360 is always online with your high-speed Internet connection. . . . Xbox Live Silver, available to anyone with an Xbox 360 or Xbox 360 Core System console, a hard drive or a memory unit, and a broadband connection, provides many free features, including messaging and downloads. The second level of service—Xbox Live Gold, with the option to play multiplayer games online—costs the same as your original Xbox Live subscription. . . USB? U Bet!. Xbox 360 boasts three multi-purpose USB ports Definitely XBOX 360. mothapar summed it up pretty well... I also recommend the Revolution(Wii)
One way is to use a garment that fits, and trace the sections.  Allow at least 1/4" seam.  Wash your fabric before you cut to make it "pre-shrunk", and avoid the garment from shrinking after you put all that effort into it.  There are books on this subject.Here's 5 programs for designing clothes, with a variety of prices.  You enter your measurements and the computer generates the pattern.
NickelodeonBest Buy.com
you cant get tickets unless you are a part of the game industry e3 is a closed to the public so just watch g4 to see whats going on at e3 this yearwell, it's too late now, since it's starting today, but the E3 homepage was selling them, but the prices was upwards of $750 dollars. but you can always watch parts of it on G4.
^^^^ what he said : )??????? THe purpose of what ??? ?????????????????  ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????Purpose is what defines an emotional soul.  It is what separates us from insects and animals, it is what drives us to accomplish something more than simply existing.
you can break it open.  shoot it, hit it with a bat, mabey roll it down the stairs (if it has soda bottles, do not go near it for a while.  the carbonation might cause the tops to become high-speed projectiles and could pop off and go flying)i dont think the coin string thig really works. unless if your string is like 10 ft long i think ur hosed. i think they must have some device to get them backSteal the key from the vendor.TRY HITTING IT REALLY HARD LOL
Relax. Pucker your lips and blow until you hear a sound you like. Then practice, practice, practice.like mae west said...put ya lips together in a pucker and blow!
Contact the U.S. Treasury online and ask them the dates of circulation.  If I remember correctly, they were didscontinued for 20 years in 1976, and then printed again in 1996.  I have no idea of the date of the first printing.  The president on the 2 dollar bill is Thomas Jefferson.You could purchase a currency marker from your local office supply store.when you cant gill how can you get billIf you have a 2$ bill, and if it feels like a regular $ bill, it is real...no body conterfeits these things.the most easy way i can think of is take the currency to the bank and ask someone thereTake it to any bank, and if you want more of them the bank is the best source to purchase them.Ask a bank teller.go to the bank
you need to download like java, your computer may also have a firewall that blocks them. But I use java and it works nowTry msn games instead
sounds like you need to get the water tested they will tell you what you need. You can have it tested by your chemicals storeyou need to get a pool man to get you started .then you know the proper way to keep your pool clean and until then i would not swim in it .your groundskeeper should know what to do, he always fixes our pool.  But I have never heard of an "above ground" pool
When all of my friends and I were in art class and we did splatter art - set up a 20 x 20 canvas on the side of the school wall and just threw paint at it! It came out really good actually, and now it's a mural for the class of 2006 (we just made it 2 weeks ago)a theme park ride at Paramount Pictures' Great America in Santa Clara. It was a rollercoaster called Top Gun....where ur feet dangle in the air. My daddy and i rode it seven times in a row!! yay!Watching (clean)TV in the weekend -nobody would hurt you,you also wont hurt anybody.When me and my friend went to a football game and we were laughing the whole way there and back(i don't even think i saw the game once!) :)When we visited the jog falls and had a bath there. It was fun... and something related to Clean!!!My BF.....*cries* ......and I use to act stupid together in Walmart n' stuff............*Cries******** Y_YJacuzzi Spa Bubble Bath with my husband.
here is a link for a complete walkthrough, with detailed screenshots.... . good luckoh!  i used to love that game!  i needed help too though, put it in a search engine and there are a LOT of forums about it, you will find the info you need there.  good luck to ya!theres something behind the pillow, click the window shade open and closed a couple times and something will fall, check the drawers, i dont know all of them but then when you get everything for this box thing, open the box and watch the tape. there will be a guy pointing to this little square/star thing. wait till it is OVER, then click the wall where the star thing was. there is a safe and there is someplace u get the code i think its the yellow room. sry im leaving so much out i forgot some of it! but then thers a key in the safe. thats for the door. use it to open the door. then the doorknob will fall of and you win.u cant scape from any whereCheck this site (http://www.thonky.com) ..... cheater!! ;D
there should be a link to click if you cant d.l. the applet they should also have a help sectionIDK lol
don't know, but i did stay at the holiday inn. and i just got me 2pts.buy a new control and make it  wiresstry reading the manual, and if you don't get it then, learn as you go. its what i do
Because the Americans are useless at it. They don't bother with any sport they can't dominate.I think that happens because there aren't many goals during a game. It's boring for the Americans.i agree with bronnimooseMost people do know soccar... why do you say otherwise?  They might not play it, like it, or know the rules... but I know they have seen it.  And it is fairly popular... just need to get in the right crowdbecause it sucks ass and has no interest its like hockey that sucks ass too.LOL @ ruthekhan.Its NOT soccer!!! Its FOOTBALL!!! . . What the yanks call football is just a pu$$ies version of rugby (pads n stuff, wtf??). . As for it not being entertaining, id say that its a lot more entertainin than a stop start game of Yank Footy, and baseball for that matter (guy throws ball, other guy hits ball.  WOW almost as exciting as tennis!!)This is a complex problem.  I'd even say most people DO know about it, but aren't fans.  I see several problem areas. . 1) Players don't grow up playing for a LOVE OF THE GAME.  "Good" soccer in the US is only for the privileged who can afford travel leagues and expensive uniforms. Outside of the US, players "get good", then play in leagues.  Here, players join leagues to "get good".  In short, there aren't enough sandlot pickup games. . 2) Other sports and TV - There's a lot of competition for soccer in the many sports Americans watch.  They like high scoring sports over strategy sports.  Also, soccer is not a good fit for televised games (45 min without a commercial!), which is a big factor.. . 3) In the early days (early 1900's) of US soccer, it was associated with certain immigrants - like the Irish, who made up much of the early World Cup teams.  Immigrants weren't always popular in the rest of the country. and it never caught on the way it did elsewhere.. . 4) I could go on all day ...cause soccer is just wackbecause you wont get any better at soccer by taking steroids,it needs a certain amount of practice and skill.american football is just a sport created for stupid big   people who get better at the sport just by getting bigger. and americans have a hard time following whats going on in the field thats why american football gives their brains some time to rest in between plays.in other words,in general,americans are just stupid,they might have played their cards right during world war II, but generally speaking.theyre really dumb,thats why they cant get soccerlack of corporate sponsorship and no colloge/university league socholarships - well not like football or basketballare u mad.then u won't ask such aquestionsoccer or football came up in England some period after the migration to america. Later on other sports came up and the need for soccer wasn't theresoccer can be mastered only by skilled talented ones and there r'nt any in USAIt's actually very popular at schools level - partly due to it being a low contact game which requires very little equipment. This will undoubtedly increase the popularity when the current school kids get older, as more people will understand the game and enjoy it.. . However, it has to compete with the other American passions of gridiron, basketball, hockey, etc, for television money, and this is the big reason why Major League Soccer (MLS) is unlikely to ever become as big as the European leagues. The only reason the big clubs can survive in these countries is television money - the Champions League, the Premiership, Serie A, etc.. . The USA football (soccer) team is actually currently ranked in the top 10 in the world, and a number of their players are based in Europe, so it's not their ability.. . If MLS could get more television money, and get more primetime airtime, and more high profile players, then we could see an increase in popularity in the USA.. . It's worth noting that in the 70's, the New York Cosmos were a huge team, with sellout crowds all the time, as they had got players such as Pele playing for them, even if they were a little past it at that point. But MLS folded until 1994 when it was restarted, with a salary cap that prevents the clubs competing to employ the best players.. . Another reason is that for some reason, the mainstream media sports columnists seem to be biased against soccer - this reason is unknown.. . I'd also defend the use of the word 'soccer'. I'm British, but in the USA, the word 'football' means 'American football' (gridiron), and so they have to use a different word to differentiate it to the wider public. It's too much of a minority sport to challenge for the word 'football'. And the British invented the word 'soccer' anyway - short for asSOCiation football.Because we have football, baseball, basketball and hockey, and all of them are a hell of a lot more exciting than a game of soccer that sometimes doesn't even have a goal amde during the game.. . And it really takes intellect to tear down the stands and hurt people because your team loses, or you think an errant call was made by the ref.Commercials.. . You can stick a commercial in between every down in football if you want to.  The game is so boring because after every 10 second play you need to wait 35 seconds for the next one to start.  They can throw a bunch of commercial timeouts in there.  And between quarters is great for ads.    . . The more commercials = more money = More airtime = more popularity.    -[and repeat]-. . Take it or leave it, but you watch WAY more commercials than you do actual football.. . -- follow it down all the way to soccer.  no stops, no commercials.I don't know but this question don't belong in video gamesBecause it requires a certain level of intellect.To be honest, it's so we can be different. . Thats why we drive on the "other" side of the road.
Tj Says: . . Carry it to a repair shop. Noises coming from your console could be a varitey of things.Try putting your PS2 in a closed drawer or maybe in an entertainment center that has closing doors. People who tell you that your PS2 is not running right because it makes noise are wrong because all of them do. If you do put your PS2 in a closed area try to remember that it needs to breath also.turn the tv volume upget the slimline edition makes no noises
Cinemascope was a widescreen movie format used from 1953 to 1967.  Anamorphic lenses allowed the process to project film up to a 2.66:1 aspect ratio, twice as wide as the conventional format of 1.33:1. Although the lens system that CinemaScope employed was quickly made obsolete by technological developments, the anamorphic presentation of films that CinemaScope initiated in the 1950s has continued to this day.Widescreen camera system developed by Twentieth Century Fox, which was responsible for popularizing the anamorphic format.
To delete your saved game hold select, Up, and B . Hope this helps. :)Okay, you need to go onto the game where you walk around and open up the menu, from then, click save and overight the file. Does that answer your question?My sons suggest starting a new game and saving over the old one.Just overwrite it with a new game.
My documents >> EA Games >> Downloads (If there isn't a folder called Downloads, make one.). . Now drag and drop your files.I think you miss place that sub folder. Here's to download your must register your Sims 2 game then download it. And there you go. Or find the Sims 2 folder look for each folder that the name are objects ex: I don't know that file name but just find it I think you download it came out to download just find the instructions in the sims 2 website I don't know where just look for it.Check out www.modthesims2.com you can download anything sim related here
be old enough to know how to spell it. . and i guess contact MTVYou have to be between the ages of 18-24, and must send them a videotape. Check the link below for more information. Cheers!Ask MTV. Based on your spelling, I'd say you are a candidate.  ;-)
Aurora ticket. Only from a nintendo event or a cheating device like a gameshark or an action replay. That's the only way getting the ticket.You can get an Aurara ticket only through Nintendo Events  (last year srry :( but you may still be able to get it this summer :) just check Pokemon.com) or if you no a friend who has 1 and is willing to trade you it.
I'm sure they were all stupid, being dares...but driving in the rain on acid.  that sucked.Ewwww I put Lotion On some really nasty feetlol
please check you have installed it properly or see its requirementsi think it is a duplicate cd....so i guess there will  be a folder called crack in the cd...go and copy the .exe file and paste it in the directory that contains the age of mythology .exe file and it will ask if u wanna replace one with the other..say yes. . Thats it...enjoy te game to ur hearts content..... i have to add...thats a gr8 game!!!
Trial and error.  But don't be a camper (the guy who hides in a window and snipes everyone.)  They are not looked upon favorably.  Learn the keyboard set up and practice.seven5678@gmail.com ... been playing for 3+ years..i assume you're talking bout Counter Strike??. . Hop over to the nearest Cyber Cafe and see for yourself..
Critics of Ouija boards warn that evil demons can pretend to be cooperative ghosts in order to trick players into becoming spiritually possessed.. . Others believe that communicating with spirits using a Ouija board is dangerous. They contend that the sources of any spiritual communications are unknown, and therefore inexperienced users may inadvertently contact harmful entities.It isn't powered by anything. It's just a board with a plastic pointer and it isn't cursed. It doesn't "work" unless one of the people with their fingers on the pointer lies and says they're not moving it when they are.you can't rreally curse the ouja board beause the . spirits are here to hlp you not to hurt you.DUDE YOU HAVE A QUIJA BOARD THATS AWSOME!!!!!!!!
I made a wine cork wreath by using sharp toothpicks and sticking them together on the points.  After I got them in the shape of a wreath, I put small ornaments and some pieces of evergreen branches from my tree, and glued it all on, then sprayed with gold paint.  We had to pull the dead evergreen branches off after wards, but just put new fresh ones on the following year.. . I also stuck several together in squares to use for hot mats.Go to a craft store, buy a  unfinished wreath, and a glue gun. When you get home start gluing the corks in a pattern around the wreath.u know what i don't know actally , i've tasted it it sucks. for ur info i think u'll get the recipe from old people
It's tricky.  You have to wrap the 260 around your forearm, kinda under your armpit while you use a hand pump to fill it with air. You could also try to wrap it around a 2 inch piece of PVC. Good Luck it takes practice.What is 260 Q?. . Just rub the balloons, force them ito a spiral shape until the fibres are sufficiently degraded.. . We are talking about long model balloons? If so, this shouldn't be a problem. Another thing to do is to fold the balloon in half, rub the two sides together until it retains the shape of a spiral. . . Most of the time a balloon will retain at least a degree of the shape it is bent or forced into.
burn your xbox... loli can save on all of the save files and stuff. i have no idea what the problem is your having but start a whole new turn and save over your 1st one.I have the same exact problem on the Ps2 I can only save one family.(it sucks :(Its just a bad idea in the design of the game. Nothing's wrong, you just can't do it.
well on it if u are at a gate with guards if u wait until someone else pays the fee u can go thru the gate and thats about all i know on it. p.s my username is Mk_Is_Cool add meThere are no actual cheats that I can think of that are legal, but some easy ways to make money would be to buy iron 100 each and sell for 125 each, or to buy essence in free world really cheap then sell in bulk in members for twice as much. I don't know exact prices, but I know that in free worlds there are more noobs willing to sell for anything while in members people will pay a lot if you have a lot.yes go to. www.tip-it.com/runescapeLook at WWW.COMPUTERGAMECHEATS.VINTAGEGUCCIHANDBAG.BEIt's against the rules to cheat. You will be evicted from the game!buy coal for $100 each. mine iron. make steel bars. sell for $500+. then you rich
go to a grove street member and lock on as if with a weapon and press up on the D-Pad to recruit them. but you need a high level of respect to do that.You must get a high resect rate firstAs per the person who answered before me, you find 7 of your grove street friends/homies and select on them with your weapon.You can't do it unless you've got a decently high respeect rating.
You cant.  Your school blocked it for a reason.DEe,dEe,dEE....it's blocked , you can't
im not sure about the 360 im pvery sure about the original xbox but i think the same concept applies but you need to get a game that supports that. on the case of the game in the back CUSTOM SOUNDTRACKS should be highlighted. i think thats it. hope this helps.From your dashboard, put the CD in the tray and go to the Media tab to record it.  . . While you're playing a game, press the X-Button (the X-Box one in the middle) and go down to the music controls to select your music.
You probably either don't have a Java environment or your Java is turned off in Internet Options. It could also be that if both of the above are untrue, you could have a corrupt driver. Try Installing (or reinstalling) a java environment.u need the Java Outlet....its free and easy to downloadYou have to get an account in YAHOO GAMES.
Hmmm... I haven't played Street Fighter for a very long time now, but I think it's "Low Punch, Low Punch, Forward, Low Kick, High Punch". Do it fast but properly...Offer the demon a nice dinner and some drinks.
Click on cheats. After that click on cheat list click on gameshark, put the name of the code in description and put the code in the code box.. . Try:GameFAQ as all sorts of code from the public (if the code was just put up you may or may not be able to trust it!)
Perhaps one of your controller buttons is malfunctioning.  It may be stuck, or sticking.  You can probably repair by taking the controller apart with a small screwdriver.simple buy a new oneThat happens to me sometimes (on other games) and I just unplug the controller and plug it back in. It has always worked for me.sounds like me that your joystick is a little worn and my be sticking to one side or the other......you can take them apart and clean them....just remember how it goes back together
Shake it outu may have to go to the dr and have it drained out.Don't use cotton buds (well, you can if you like!).  If you have water from a bath or shower, just shake your head to get out the excess, and the rest will dry out over time.pressing ear lobe gently rubbing from outside will cause it to drain.just pull on your earlobe and move your jaw at the same time. It should come out.1. insert soft string into ear until it tickles eardrum.. 2. sit in a freezer until the water freezes.. 3. Pop it out!. . Simple as that! Good luck!
NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS.  According to Roe v. Wade we have a right to privacy.HAVE ONE OF YOUR LOCAL POLICEMEN RUN THE SERIAL NUMBER ON IT,THEY SHOULD BE ABLE TO TRACE IT WITH IN A MATTER OF MINUTES.Talk to a police officer, or sheriff. All they need is the #
A command line parameter is part of a command issued in the command line.. . To open the command line, go to START > All PRograms > Accessories > Command Prompt.. . Unfortunately, I would not recommend messing with commands and their parameters unless you know exactly what you're doing. Maybe read a tutorial on DOS...A command line parameter can mean a few things.. . Usually, it is a variable that you pass to a program when you start it up.  Each program is either built with them or it isnt.. . If there was a program called Rocker.exe, and it had a "no sound" command line parameter, it might look something like this:. . rocker.exe -nosoundTo get to the "command line" Start -> Run -> cmd and click on ok. A parameter in only meaningful in the context of a program such as "ipconfig /all". the /all is a parameter of the ipconfig program.
The explosions are caused by the collection of gases, including steam, in the wood cells. When the gases cannot escape, the pressure causes the cells to explode, often with a loud report. For example, apple wood burns quietly, while mulberry and cedar pop and crackle.Its from moisture... Kinda like popcorn.Go to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Woodbecause it hurtsthe sap inside the wood get hot and evaporates. even in dry wood there is some dried sap in it. when it heats up and turns into a gas it has to go somewhere. it cracks the wood and thats what makes the pop soundits wetThe air in its tiny pockets expands with the heat and comes out abruptly, producing the noise.It's the trapped air in the wood, and when the pressure of the fire and heat build up that's when it pops.because there is air in it
The way to find an air leak in any plastic object is to put a bit of dish soap into water and put that on the object. The escaping air will make bubbles. Works when looking for a gas leak on a pipe too.Use a soap water solution and watch for bubbles.Blow it up, and then put water on it, the water will bubble where the leak is.Better use a swimming pool!yep, soap and water works good.fill it up with smoke
Just disable the pop up blocker ... Its an icon which is on your internet explorer on your yahoo bar. If you move ur mouse over it ... it will say "pop-up blocker"upgrade ur flash player
If you're serious... maybe it's because farting is actually a healthy part of the digestive process.  The fact that you are farting means that you are healthy.  So you're just smelling your own health, I guess.  And everyone else's is repulsive because it comes from their body, and your sense of smell doesn't really care that they're healthy.Because you need treatment.  Not for that reason, but because you think we're interested.EEEEWWWWWMost people do like the smell of their own farts and poop, or they don't smell them at allmaybe you like the gaseous combustion byproducts of the food you intake LOLhehehe well at least SOMEONE likes the smell of them even if it is yourself and DaveGROW UP!!!FARTS ARE LIKE CHILDREN EVERYONE LOVES THEIR OWN BUT YOU HATE EVERYONE ELSESYou are a disgusting personFunnyThat methane is starting to affect your brain.  You need to get a new hobby, quickly!because you are weird.if your farts smell like roses, its not a bad thingFox smell's his own hole.Do you hate your own shit?I don't think so actually you become so tuned to your own one that you actually start liking it.It is the same way that sometimes we start liking a person by being with him/her for many days although we have not liked him before.Sounds like you just like attention in general.  Too much idle time?  Grow up.
I don't know, but I love feeding frezny.I don't think you can. You'd get a trial version that would last for 30 days. Then you're gonna have to buy it. Its not all that expensive anyway.I think you can download the whole version on BitTorrent. They will supply a pass and everythingpogo.comgo on real arcade .com and download realarcade u can have 1 hr for any game on there if u really want it then apply for a geust pass then u get all those games on there for free
Well, there aren't many dieferences other than the fact that the controls are a tad different. THe Xbox also has better graphics than the PS2, but personally I like yjr PS2 version because it has simpler controls.as PS2 MotoGP game won't work on Xbox, and vice versa.... . there's a difference :)i really think that xbox has better graphics than ps2 and also sometimes if ps2 comes out with a game xbox is going to bring out the same game but with better stuff
halo 1 was made way back in 2000. and wasnt really thought of till after they put it out. My sister asked the same question. I heard that they might remake halo1 for the 360 with wheeled weapons to make better game playBecause they just thought of that for Halo 2, it's not like they're going to go back in time to change Haloin halo 1 master chief didn't know he had his left hand untill halo 2 came out he found out he had a left hand so yea
It's ruined.  Now you have to buy a whole new PS2.Might be best to pass by a shop and have them check it out.  For all you know, it might simply be a minor problem they can fix.
THIS & THIN?. . Thats very good - I enjoyed thinking about that.. . EPI dunno you tell meSimilieThick?thickFont?I agreeskinnysoup
I think that people in general are naive when it comes to governmental matters.  The government is not incapable of anything.  There tends to be a lot of corruption with those whom hold the power.  People and companies will find ways to persuade the governmental leaders to overlook things for the almighty dollar.Right on brother.you are rightCasino's must, at all costs, protect the integrity of the game. Any casino that is even perceived to be shaving, cheating or otherwise involved in activities to influence the outcome, will not last. There is a difference in the two arguments you make. The sceong that people are too stupid to know when to quit is inane. The population that become compulsive have compulsive personalities. These are the same people that will drink, snort or otherwise piss their money away. Without the casino, they would waste it on similarly idiotic things. We cannot bar the enjoymnt of the 9/10 people who don't have a problem to protect the ones that do. We should prohibit alcohol consumption at all places if this is the road you wish to travel.
take  game out of ps2, turn on, and you should have an option to select the memory card....choose that, then you should be able to browse each save file, and delete it by choosing it from the menu.Turn on your PS2 with no disk in and go to your browser select your memory card. Pick what you want to delete hit o and select delete.
Can you run around in circles until he wears himself out?  That's how we beat him in the Sorcerors Stone computer game.  (No lie). . Of course, if that doesn't work...  Why not try the way it happened in the book?  Try to hit one of his spells with yours.  (I wish I could be more help, but my brother hasn't made it that far in his game yet...)When you get control just keep killing all the skeletons until voldemort casts aveda kadavra on you. Then just move that around killing all the skeletons until voldemort will cast a big statue at you. Just run away from it and kill all the skeletons now try to destroy the statue whenever its on the ground with the spell, after its destroyed youll see harry dragging cedrics body. Voldemort will go to attack harry but he uses accio to get the cup and return back to hogwarts.DONT KILL HIM
Wash gently with Woolite on the fabric portions and pat dry and then let it air dry. I have attached a two web pages. The first give detailed instructions and the second is for Babyland General here in Cleveland (the home of the original Cabbage Patch) I am sure you can call them for instructions. They are very friendly and more than willing to help.My sister inlaw got my daughter a cabbage patch cat at the goodwill, i just put it in a pillow case and washed it . its head took a few days to dry out but it is fine now, or if your afraid to do that (i wasnt to worried since it just came from goodwill and i was not giveing to her until it got washed!) just take some laundry soap and a wet rag and wash it by hand that would probably be better to do. Let it air dry and good luck! toys like that are so  hard to keep clean .Those dolls are scary! i remember i used to have them. you can wipe the head with a damp washcoth with a little bit of soap.
You can't play the game for free. You have to have a credit card to become a player. Just go out and buy the game. It's a one-time payment and you don't have to rely on your internet to work all the time while you're trying to play.I'm not really sure. you can't play for free but if you're asking if there are other ways to pay besides using a credit card then you could probably go to their site and go to customer help or something and ask.. Hope that helped :)um i dont know, just buy the game, its way more fun.Do you mean playeing the game "The Sims Online"? You can't play the Sims online for free. And you can't download it for free either, if that's what you're asking.
Here is the yahoo instructions on how to cancel your account.  Hope this helps.Try going to "help".don't use the account anymoreAsk awful questions, get reported, and you will be banned. Or contact yahoo.
get all the dragon balls and summon shenron.chose the breakthrough reward and 1 of the moves is ss4.you have to do it for each person.I'm pretty sure the person who provided that last answer is thinking of Budokai 3, not legendary super warriors.. . I'm pretty sure that you can't unlock SSJ4 in this game.
well you see, just constantly play 24/7 till theres a     30-lvl difference and then hunt that b-i-t-c-h down like a predator would.If it is runescape go to the bottom of the screen and hit report.I reapeatedly report them, pm them calling them a-holes until they block me, post any forums related to that MMORPG that that person is a scammer, and say that the person is a scammer in the most congested place I can.. . That's for item scamming.  I've never been hackedFor item scamming, in RO usually I go and get my whole guild and we go after the person after reporting him/her >_>
Its a load of Nonsense, Its supposed to be able to be used by people to contact the dead( spirits) It is said to be dangerous in the wrong hands, Basicaly a group of you sit around the board placing your hands on the mediator ( the cup or pointer) you ask questions & it supposedly moves to the letters on the board spelling out the answers. Try it you have nothing to loose as it all a load of superstitious tosh & i would like to see any one prove other wise, Dont you think if it was real it would be used as a weapon.You mean an oekaki board? It's something you draw with on the internet on guess...You spelled it wrong.... . This is an ouija board:. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ouija_boardsome people believe its the devels  work..u r to be about to find out the future and asked it question like yes and no questions...its a game to be use for fun entertainment.u can go into yahoo and do a search on it.Leave it alone it is not for the weak hearted, can be dangerous.. . A board to make contact with the other side but usually it will only pick up mischievious spirits. the ones we can do without.. . Careful.An ouija board is a board with the alphabet on it that comes with a "planchette" (a circle of wood), and people usually use them to have seances or speak with the dead.Well basically a ouija board is a board with the alphabet on it and you use a planchette which supposedly contacts the "other side" if you will and moves by "itself."I saw that some people already answered you so I go on and say, NEVER USE THIS IN FUN OR FOR ANY OTHER REASON AND IF YOU DECIDE TO, NEVER USE THIS ALONE. THE CONSEQUENCES CAN BE SEVERE!It was/ is a game i think it came about in the 60's or 70's ..well before my time cuz im only in my 20's... anyway its a game where you can supposedly contact spirits.. i used to have one when i was 10. it has a moon and a sun in the top right and left corners "goodbye" in the center bottom.. letters of the alphabet and numbers 0-9.. it has a piece called an "eye" basically you and how ever many player put your pointer and middle fingers on one side of the triangle "eye" and ask the board questions... like is " is there a spirit here"... stuff like that... i dont know i heard things that some people belive in it and that is messing with the devil other people belive it to be rubbish(fake)... milton bradley makes the game.. look it up on toys r us.. hope that answers ur questionA ouiji board is a "game"? board that has letters on it. It also has a triangle piece with a hole in the middle. You and a group of friends ask the board a question after placing your hands on the triangle piece. This game is meant to contact the spirits. After you ask the question, supposedly the spirits move your hands and spell out an answer.A piece of wood or cardboard with letters on it,nothing more than that.don't f**k with them...they are not toysA Ouija board is a sort-of flat board that is said to help you communicate with spirits or answer questions.supposed to be able to contact spiritsit is a board with the alphabet and the words yes and no on it. you use a pointer type thing to get supernatural readings from it. two people each put both their hands on it, usually just the tips of their fingers, and then it moves "on its own" supposedly to spell out the answer to a question.
I don't know if you can I've looked it up and it always shows 2 floors. but I may be looking in the wrong place...i don't think you can. there might be some way, but I don't know about itI don't believe you can. But you can make a three story house with a flat roof, so you can go up on the roof. That's like a 4 storie house....You dont. Mwahahahaha... MWAHAHAHAHA!!!!
borrow someones CD-KEY. i had to use fake one.... since the server knows which is fake and real.... and fifa (most of the internet game) internet server makes the seial key as well, so u cant use the fake...Go home and sleep!!!!!!!!!!!
Call the FBI, the CIA, and America's Most Wanted. They are really cracking down on yahoo backgammon cheaters.open the window and start screaming.stop crying about it. that's what you can do.look at the website.
first is top, second is the bottom; the third is a picture of it. . (the words are in japanese or chinese; but it is still understandable)origami.com
Go to the library learn how much they worth and how to take care of them.  May some comic book stores or Collection Store may help you to.I agree with the others - Beckett is the best place to look.Try Beckett.combeckettsbeckett.com should help you
what do you mean ? old and new? there is only one san andreas ,you talking about vice city or liberty city stories ?He is talking about the banned one + the fixed one. . i think the new gta san andreas came out with the new rating-classification logos. The banned one had different ones.GTA San Andreas is the same old and new. They just took off the secret level of pornography.(I dont think theres any porn in it anyway...)
Because of the Six Flags that flew over Texas. The original theme park is in Arlington, TX and called The Six Flags Over Texas. These flags represent the countries  that controlled Texas at one time. They are France, Spain, Mexico, Texas, Confederate, and the U.S., and were owned in that order.i don't knowi think it represents the 6 flags that have flown over texas at various times.i don't know which ones though.look into your history maybe texas, I'm a canadian, but I vaguely remember it.  Good luck.. oh, ya, see, they know.Six Flags originated in Texas where six countries had flown flags. They are France Spain Mexico Confederacy Republic of Texas and the U.S.well, there are six flags you know? one is red, yellow, green, blue, purple, orange. DURRRRR. silly goose.i belive it was because they had 6 rollar coasters with a flag on each one. not sure though...............i heard the first one started in Texas.  it was called six flags because six flags have flown over Texas: French, Texan, Confederate, American, Mexican, and Spaniard I think.
It's not your fault--EA put something in the game that gets people hooked. I did this too, but eventually got bored with it and had to move on to other addictions.You need to set limits or try and go cold turkey.  It will be the only way to save yourself!!  :)  . . Nah, I'm like that with other games.  Was never able to get into the Sims.At least your addiction doesn't cost $15 a month.. . Devil, thy name is World of Warcraft!!  Arrggghhh....You sound a lot like many other people - there were articles about Sims addiction when the game first came out. . . Best thing to do is what I did - delete the program and get rid of the disks.. . Answer questions on this thing instead.. . PS - also avoid the game CivilizationStart limiting your time on the Sims game and start using it for constructive things or for spending time with your loved ones...Do an intensive sport. I like windsurfing. Computer games after that are so insignificant.Five hours is not that bad- try 3 straight days and forgetting to eat frequently. Wow that was a bad spell. But atleast i got bored of it after that.Find things to do...ITS SUMMER!!! Go biking or on a vacation (if you have the $$) Also hang out with  friends...if you had boy/girl freind i bet you wouldn't have this addiction. Try playing an insrument...guitar and bass guitar are FUN also drums or piano...SELL THE GAME TO BUY THINGS, GO SEE A MOVIE OR BUY A WEEKEND GETAWAYJoin the Army, you will still have the addiction, but you won't have time to play.
The game originated in England. The name was probably changed because Americans can't pronounce or spell some English words properly.. . This is also why the Tomb Raider character had to be changed from Laura to Lara because that's how Americans pronounce Laura anyway.England is portrayed as posh and maybe that's why. Maybe someone wanted to claim their game as their own invention and changed the name. Maybe Cludo started in a foreign country and when translated it means clue or cludo and has then been changed as information passed on through time? Do you actually know the answer (Even my spell check spells it differently =claudio  (maybe different versions)already???????????????????????????Because our version is better!!. . Seriously dont know.
Because they dont feel that you paid enough for it in the first place. If they can cause them to fail, you have to pay again to have it repaired!ur sure you're not just restarting it?ive had that problem too, but only when i manually turn off it by pressing the button on the console. I just turn it off with my controller and it stays off.  Just hold down the big circle  X on the controller for about 5 seconds, and it will give you an option to shut down the system.
I LOVE Knitting for Dummies - it's very easy to follow with great diagrams and instructions.  I'd also recommend visiting a local yarn shop as, if you get stuck on any of the instructions in the book, they'll be able to help you.. . This is how I taught myself to knit (three years ago) and I'm now able to conquer sdvsnvrd patterns and techniques with no problem.It's not that difficult to learn, but some people do well with written instructions and illustrations, and others learn better by watching someone else. Try this web site that has videos:. http://www.knittinghelp.com. . Click on the "Getting Started" tab for a video of a beginner project.The other ideas are really good. But do you have a community/techinal college near you? They ususally have classes in crochet/knitting and more. Do use large knitting or crochet needles to start with, because most people tend to put to much tension or pull on the thread as beginngers. Be patient you won't learn it in seconds or even in a day; but once you get the hang of it start on simple things like pot holders, dishclothes and work your way upthrough leg warmers, socks, sweaters,and  throws, to tailored clothing if that how much expertise you'd like.I learned by buying the "Knitting for Dummies" book.. It's well illustrated and showed me very well how to knit and Pearl.  It's like typing. If you practice enough you won't have to look at your hands anymore and it becomes very relaxing.. CHECK OUT THE VIDEOS AT THIS SITE.  THEY'RE GREAT.... www.knittinghelp.comFind your local yarn shop - look in the yellow pages under "yarn" - and ask the staff if you can come and sit in on a knitting session - most yarn shops have an area where knitters come to sit and chat while knitting on their projects.  You'll meet a lot of people who would LOVE to teach you to knit.My Aunt just bought something like loop knitting. She can crochet but not knit. Sorry, I can't remember what she called it. . . The library probably has books and videos. You can ask at a store where they sell the wool if they have classes. Actually, if you volunteer or ask at the seniors lodge they would be delighted to teach you!ask somenoe who does knittingJust like you I wanted to learn to knit too. I googled on the internet and found a few good sites with pictures. I printed them off and used them to teach myself. I now am a confident knitter and it was all "do it yourself".I got for myself a kit that they sell in Barnes and Noble in the kids area, it brings everything you need and simple instructionsby reads pecial books for that matterBuy a book on the topic or, look on the internetenter a knitting class, go to a library, or go on the internet to find a pg. where it gives you info on how 2 knit, or buy a kit with intructions.Micheals arts and crafts stores sells a tool called the Knifty Knitter. It comes with instructions to make hats, and has enough tools to make hats in three different sizes and a neck warmer. It is low priced and very handy. I work with people with disabilities and they have purchased them and I helped them learn how to knit that way. If they can do it, you can too!! If you want to learn more than the hat, you can buy instruction booklets for 1.50 (in canadian money) and it has lots more easy instructions in it to make a scarf, slippers, different kinds of hats, and lots more.If you want to start, get a pair of big chunky needles and use thick wool - this will make it a lot easier for you to see what you are doing!. Other people have already given good answers for finding instructions on how to do it, etc.If I told you how you would not be teaching yourself.You could purchase a how-to book or a knitting magazine ~ they all have a beginner's knitters section in them.. . Or simply look online for free instructions.  Try www.Lionbrand.com, www.Knitty.com, www.AboutKnitting.com.okay i would say find sombody but apparently you've already done that. hands on is the best way to learn so if you could find a course in a nearby community center that would be great or google knitting i know a friend who learned that way. its soo much fun so good luck.Dont buy a book, go 2 ur local library. Plenty of them in the craft section. U could look it up on ur puter before u go or ask the librarian to help u.go to google and put in learn how to knit and it will give you some real easy instructions.  You can also buy a book that illustrates it very easy from an wool store.  good luck
It means he's only got four minutes Dumb Ass!!!its by avant and called 4 minutesyeah,   it goes , partin me if I'm talkin fast or stumblin over my words, heard you were leavin town I thought I be the one to know first, if you have a minute let me talk to you and see whats goin on, don't say its noting when it gotta be somethin thats gone wrong now let me explain cuz i don't know what to say cuz I don't know what the hell happend, I come in the house to try to work it out and all you doin is packin, close your suitcase let me think straight what can be the reason baby talk to me I'm almost out of time, I only go four minutes to do what I gotta do to proove to you, cuz I will do anything, I only got four minutes to say what I gotta say to make you stay and show you that I done change because in four minutes I'll never have my girl again four minutes I'm a loose her to someother man four no less no more cuz the clocks ticken only got four minutes to go.  who is these people I don't know in my house and they scratchin my floors take things out side and the uhaul pull up to my door,
mercerem is right they are designed after a real city.if you drive around atlantic city, NJ where the Monopoly street names are derived from, the value of the board game price vs. real life value are somewhat on the mark.. . streets in the same color group are generally right next to each other in real life. for examples, the "orange" streets Tennessee, New York and St. James Place are all consecutive and parallel (though not in the same order as the game). the "green" streets, Pennsylvania and North Carolina Avenue are both intersected by Pacific Avenue, near the Resorts Casino Hotel (the very first AC casino opened in 1978).I think they were placed for reference.i don't think they were placed for a reason , just preference i supposeI would imagine it's in order of how much an area is worth, like Old Kent Road And Whitchurch are cheap so they are in a cheap area, as the board goes around the places are more expensive because that's what they are in real life.. . Or what they used to be, I do have the new board but don't really like it.They are arranged like because they go from cheaper to more expensive, the more expensive the better. GOOD LUCK!
I've encountered this same problem but not when I'm playing games.  I believe that if you are logged into Yahoo, even if Messenger is set to the invisible mode, that others see you as "on-line".  I spend a lot of time in a Yahoo Groups room and I get messages from my friends that it shows I'm on-line but not answering their IMs.  I explain to them, my messenger is not on, but Yahoo is always on.  Even though it shows I'm "on-line" it doesn't mean I'm getting their messages.  And I know how aggravating it can be when you're playing games and someone wants to talk.  Try just closing out Messenger all together and then you can tell them, as I do, that you didn't receive their IMs, which is not lying!  If this isn't what you were talking about, just ignore my comments and write it off as a "crazy" ole lady!!Log of and playGo to invisible mode and the no one will able too see ya if you are online. You can select messenger and then my status and then click on invisible to everyone. There is one more option which can make you go offline for some particular users and be online for rest of them, that option is called steath settings, check it out.well first you get to were it is the yahoo messenger  box and there will be this bar and one option is appear invisible to everyone click that one x down the box and you ready to go!stay offline simple lol he hego to invisible mode. if that dont workpress ignore or report as spam
BC weed is a highly potent marijuana that comes from British Columbia Canada. It is also refered to as "Betty Ford" or "Wheelchair".. You can lose days smoking it, sometimes years, I lost ten myself. Thats fine I heard the nineties were a drag.Oooooo That's the kind Rockinjellyfish loves!Marijuana grown in British Columbia, Canadathe good weed they grew before christ hince b.c.That's what the Romans smoked before Jesus came along!!also called bc bud. its killer weed grown in british columbia. part of canada.the flower bud of a lot of different varieties of marijuana grown in British Columbia, Canadabritish columbia
if the bottle is empty, fill it with hot water....this will loosen the glue, and the label will slide off.. . Alternately, you can run it through the dishwasher.. . Once the label is off, use some rubbing alcohol to remove any remaining glue (although nail polish remover will work better for this)Soak the bottle in the sink filled with water. Then after the label will come off just by running your thumb over it.Hot water!Buy Goo Gone at Home Depot or Lowe's
yes.  have fun!  . =]Doing so is illegal and can have the FBI knocking on your door.Okay seriously people need to stop trying to hack on-line games. You have no idea have much one little hack can destroy a game's community. Depending on what it is, like if its was a money hack or something like that, that will make the economical community go down caused from the ridicules amount of money going around in such a small amount of time. So do all of us on-line gamers a favor: DON'T USE OR EVEN LOOK FOR HACKS FOR ANY ON-LINE GAME!im level 93 on runescape.if i did it you can to you lazy mofoget a life and quit being so LAZY.  get off the frickin answers site and WORK for it.  quit being a LAZY PIG.Just email me your Runescape name and password and I'll be able to get you anything you want. Do you want a Dragon Mace and 10000k GP? Also, 100 skill in smithing and mining.Im a level 80 on runescape and I did not get there through hacking poeple. Earn your stuff and dont take it from someone else.
"xxyy syndrome is a sex chromosome anomaly. It affects one in every 17,000 boys who are born. It was previously considered to be a variation of Klinefelter's syndrome. Common features include tall stature, gynecomastia, truncal obesity, skin ulcers, and a craniofacial dysmorphism described as a "pugilistic" facial appearance."genetic mutation of the chromosomes...It is also a game if I am not mistaken. That would apply more to the toy part. I don't remember if it is Gameboy advance or Gameboy DS though I think it is DS.a chromosomehuman chromosomesits a female gamete (chromosomes)female chromosone pairWell in Algebra, and I've just passed most exams top of College class, then it means x times x times y times y.
I believe PS3 has a more 3d like effect. It's the PS version of XBOX360basically the same difference between xbox and xbox360.1Better graphics and a new and improved DVD player.Better graphics and perfrmance. Blue Ray Technology. Enhanced memory bit - 256 bit (512 MB)Just like all electronics, it has mild upgrades.  There were talks that it would be released with a cell based processor, however I dont believe that to be true.  I do know it will support either blue ray or HD DVD formats internally, as with the 360 and expansion will have to be bought.  So there are some new featuresPs3 is way too expensive
Do a search for a playstation emulator.. There are a couple of things to bear in mind, though:. Firstly, when I tried it I was unable to use any Playstation CDs, meaning that I had to download Roms (essentially, though not actually, a copy of the game in a single file. Admittedly this was a few years ago -technology may have moved on.. Second, as your are going to have to emulate a playstation in real time, you're going to need a reasonably powerful PC and a good graphics card.download an emulatori didnt thhhinnk you couldJust play it on ur Ps2, Emulators are so complicated.Search the web for game emulators.  They let you run all kinds of games on your PC  There are also some sites where you can get the game binaries, and some where you can get the tools to copy the games to binaries on your PC to run in the emulators.
I just seen a craft project for exactly what you are asking for today on familyfun.com.They also have a lot of other great craft ideas too.Just get some cardboard and cut out a square and then cut some more squares until you get the number of pages that you want. Then get a hole puncher and punch in 3 holes on the side and get string and go in and out and tie it. Or just use some strong staples. [When you write on the card board, black marker is probably best and most visible]Cut out the cardboard of your desire size for a book. Cover it with some colourful designed paper or glue it, add more design by ribbons. make 2 holes by punching machine n tie with ribbon or thick thread. use Colourful cutouts in different designs to decorate it, fill the book with soft pages or coloured pages.
depends on what kind of hookups are on your laptop.  If you have and S-Video port then yes, you totally can, you would just need a Y-addapter for the sound.  They got those things at like RadioShack or places like that.  If you don't have the S-Video port on your laptop, then yea, you're kinda SOL.I dont think that u can do that.are you serious dude you must be a noob at figuring things out YOU CAN'T HOOK IT UP WITH A PS2.I think there is a special kind adapter, but otherwise you need a special kind of Monitor:)There is no way off hooking up your PS2 to your Laptop. If you want to take it online then you will need a network adaptor, if you have the old style PS2. If you have the slim line PS2 then you won't need a network adaptor. You might have trouble finding a network adaptor, I've been trying for about a month now and still haven't got anything, so you might have to buy a new slim line PS2. Try exchanging your PS2 for a slim line at Game, as you should get about £40 to £50 off. I hope this helps.
Check out the rules at the link below.First of all, it's backgammon.  Start with that and you might have better luckTry doing a Google search.
have sexTo have a Sim Baby have a married couple and have them laying in bed and they must be in love and select the other sim and a list of things to do will pop up.  Select have a baby and the girl sim with become pregnant.you get with someone and then and press play in bed or kiss and then a quetion will pop up saying do you want a babyget married.do the love dance.happy family
because the wanna make the game BETTER then halo 2 , which is better gameplay, better multi-play, better live, and unfortunately for you better graphics. which is still unfortunate for some because they still dont have HDTV. . That girl above me is almost right, but gamecube games and Wii games are same disc and everything, alot like what happened to playstation 1, 2, and soon 3, there using reverse useThe reason for halo 3 being on xbox360 is that they wanna compete with ps3. if they made it for xbox they wouldnt sell 360s only the game and thats not wat microsoft is looking for. Most game companies go for sales and r not looking out for the average gamer. So the moral of the story is if u want to play halo 3 which is goin to be awsome u r goin to have to buy an xbox 360That is the way of Video Game systems. Halo 3 will not be released until next year... by then Xbox will be almost done phasing out games for the original Xbox and making only 360 games. It has happened with every game system before it, and it will happen with Playstation and Nintendo too.None... time to buy a 360.Because, Bungie wants to ruin their company and go down the drain, or they want to make us mad or something, maybe you could post on some petition sites or something.it is just another way for bill gates to make money
Every person has a different cure for boredom. Me I answer question on here or make passes at my girlfriend. Sometimes both at the same time. As far as the natural high- I hear that runners high is a real thing but not sure if it is or not because I am too damn lazy to run far enough to achieve it. Usually something like a store with food or a casino would get in the way and I would have to enter there.Music does it for me.  I know that sounds weird, but any time I am watching a really good live musical performance, I feel like I'm flying.  Try something that creates adrenaline, too, like reading suspense novels or playing a good tabletop action/adventure RPG.
Blog about the things that are important to you.  There are various subjects you can blog about, just pick one and go with the flow, and see where it leads to.You can blog anything you want to share you thoughts with others. Use words with or without some images to express you idea, feeling or thought with others. People read your blog would leave comment to you. Feedback is good that you could know about people's opinion to your blog. Blog about your personal feelings could help you know yourself better. Blog about idea could help your idea more clearly. Blog is very good to track your thought in the different timeline.. . http://www.neigo.com. You can do both blog and upload your photo images for free here. They have very good security for images. If you set your album as private, other user can not see your album's images unless you allow them to see it. Best of all, the message and feedback feature allow you to contact your friend or other user directly easily. After you sign up, your URL address will be "username.neigo.com". Easy to remember and you can share it with your friends. Customise themes and title allow you to set up your personal style for the interface.whatever you think is important. it might be pictures of your loved ones or your traveling, recipes, daily musings, daily experiences, your fiction, etc. write whatever comes into your mind! :) happy writing!You don't.  Nobody really gives a damn, anyway.What ever you live.Anything you want. Your blog is yours to do with what you please. You can write about your life, stuff that happens to you, or anything.
(i'm 11) It's hard. I didn't get that either.wtf
hmmmmm I love paybacks. Leave the house and have another friend call saying you are in the hospital because something bad happened. Have her to act rushed and hang the phone up really quick. I am sure he will rush off and go to the hospital. Give him plenty of time to leave. Then a few minutes later go home and call and ask him where he is at because his food is getting cold. Make sure the friend who called is sitting there with you. When he tells you what happened and that the friend called say "no she couldn't have she was here all morning. Why did u rush out the door" He will think he has lost it lolThere are tons of things you can do .    Really it depends on where more than what to do. .....if it is at home there are many things you can set up on him....if it is at work or school it is a bit harder.
click on the bulldozer truck and the hilight the paths you wish to get rid of.THERE IS A BULLDOZER ICON IT IS BELOW THE ZOOKEEPER IN THE TOOLS BOX.. I JUST DOWNLOADED THE TRIAL VERSION AND THAT IS WHERE I FOUND ITThe bulldozer icon will allow you to "demolish" whatever you please!  . . Fun game...love the challenges!
Soo DOE Koo. . It's actualy two words in Japanese  meaning  "Unique Number"people are bored  and have nothing better to argue about so they argue about the pronunciations of wordsit just so hardI'm thinking.......................................Its hard..........no wait a minute......................um.............it's because no one has seen it before!!!
you can get a replacement one on ebay, you have to do some jigery pokery to make it fit right, or just leave the top off lol.  it will fix the problem.  you might want to wait and just get a 360go to microsoft.com and send them an email or buy one on ebay or google thatshit
Well, it depends on who's account you purchased the content with, the account that purchased the content must be signed into the system, the same goes with many Xbox Live Arcade games, and other paid content.. So, sign in on the account that purchased the content on the xbox with the content, then you can use it.. I share content with my fiancee, and that is how we have to do it, because I purchased the content, I have to be signed in, but when her and I are both signed in, she can use my content.. . Xbox 360 is the greatest, any one who says different is just an ignorant fan boy.cause x-box sucks...lol. all things will be better Nov. 17!
first off, the file must be mp3, if it is not, just convert it. plug in your psp to the computer via usb cord, go to usb mode under the options column on your psp, go to my computer, clik removable drive f, clik the music folder, then drag the file into the folder.  hope this helps!it needs to be from a site like napster or i-tunes maybe it is because your computer is a non-hi-speed USB and your psp is its the same to me but i am going to do it on another computer.good luck.
I vaguely remember that, but I remember you have to make something above it fall first then something happens to it..then you can do it...sorry i can't be more helpfulTiming and your Air and Ollie stats are everything here.  If your stats are high enough, you can reach the rails on either side of the bucket (you just have to grind either rail to complete the challenge) from the area where the control booth is.  When the bucket is about to turn and pour, go up the quarterpipe on either side of the control booth for some speed, then launch yourself off the kicker below the bucket and aim for the rail on either side.  Your aim has to be right though, as you only get a few seconds once the bucket starts pouring - if you miss, you have to wait about 30 seconds for it to come back.
I loved it Las Vegas,I had alot of fun but,I am from Alaska so it was pretty hard for me to get used to the heat,other than that it is great. Best of all when I come I get to see my loviing mother who lives there.Never been there,Going in August. for my Birthday - wish me LUCK!Great place to meet new people.. People are always comming and going.. I lived for 2.5 years now and let me tell you there is more to Las Vegas than the Strip and the borring Fremont Experience.i will be there in next week for a business trip.. (sigh), anyway the place is quite lively than any other place in the earth! u can't change it! u got wht u came for? nothing more ! nothing less! ok may be lessI don't like Las Vegas, I LOVE Las Vegas. I am from Los Angeles and love taking an occasional trip over to Sin City. Nothing needs to change over there except for all those damn thief's that hang around waiting to find an innocent moron who is throwing their money all over the place! Other than that, Great City!in 1987 i went to vegas for a two week vaca .... ended up staying 17 years. i love that townLoved it in the early to mid 80s--when I lived there.   Now it is too crowded for my taste.ppl from there are sick of it but it's the most loverly city in the west for me. i love it<3
You turn the xbox on and go to memory. You then  select the data and push copy. The just copy it to the memory card.Xbox doesnt have a memory card
I think because it was something that we "have to do", like when we were in school. As far as homework went, teachers would say..."for tomorrow you need to read - - -". I guess sub-consciously reading was then associated with something negative, just like the other school requirements. Then as we get older it isn't as bad as we made it out to be (just like finishing your vegetables).. To me reading is learning, learning is knowledge,and knowledge is the key to life!Only by the weak minded.. But then, I read textbooks for fun.As an old bag...I was an avid reader growing up. My family always gave books as gifts and my parents are still, at 76 and 78 avid readers. I can't sit still for long without reading or doing something - like Answers - I have to be taking information in.  I have found, however, the younger generation have a need for rapid-fire intake whereas my generation is far more relaxed about our information intake.  Kind of like when I watch MTV and it's flashing pictures at me and nothing stays still and I get angry and click over to watch something that isn't an assault on the eyes. Reading is too slow for most people these days...It has no visible action, drama, sex, or violence.  Just some guy/girl sitting in a chair reading.. . (P.S.  By the way, I love to read)I have no idea! I love to read it's better than anything. THat's a good question though. Reading is like watching a great movie in your head. Its even better than that. I don't know why people don't like to read. I mean some say it makes them think and they don't like to think. Well, so what! Thinking is great! I love books and i'm so glad to see someone else who loves books too.Don't know, but I love to read. Reading takes you to a new world, reading is awesome.because its escapismI've got 4 kids.  I don't have a chance to go to the bathroom by myself, let alone curl up with a good book!. . The kids seem to know when I sit down, and they think I should be jumping through hoops to meet their demands.  When the kids are in bed, I'm far too exhausted.  Often when I sit down with a book, I'm ready to fall asleep!because reading involves comprehension which involves effort and concentraton. TV just shows and tells you everything. You hardly even have to be able to read anymore. People don't want to have create the images in their imagination, easier to watch the screen and let someone ELSE tell the story.
In this variation, the dealer is not allowed to pass a second time. If no one else calls trump, the dealer must do so. In other words, every time the cards are dealt, someone's going to score some points. This is a pretty good addition, but is kind of tough on beginners.when everyone has passed on the trump and it goes back to the dealer, the dealer is then stuck deciding what trump should be hense stick the dealer
you can also can also click on the person and pick get married toyou can throw a wedding party, or just have each go to the arch and have them get married.  it's cute if you do the wedding cake and stuff too..If you want a party then use the phone throw party wedding party, they have to be engaged first and they have to actauuly get married for it to be a success, buy a bottle of champaigne, wedding cake, maybe a buffet table and there's your party!. . Also if you do throw a wedding party, at the end of it a limo comes and takes your couple away for a few hours..like a small honeymoon and they come back with all motives maxed.throw a big wedding
probably because different people think different ways, some sports that are huge in one country may not do very well in anotherIt does? I guess you've never watched the cricket matches in Fiji, where they are rabid about the sport. Or in Australia, where they go bonkers over it.
I like mixing grey goose with clearly canadian.  REFRESHING!Uh... one's bigger?Well, a giant Canada Goose is grabbing an ass with both hands.im guessing tht the giant canadian goose is bigger than the canadian goose
I have an action replay, just to tease ya with the cheat codes on, on Animal Crossing, u can jump... u can grow big.. infinite bells... and.. you can jump onto the ocean and visit the local island....Action replay is a disc that contains a list of cheats for games on a particular console. way to use it (i'm talking about the one I had for ps2 so it might be different for the Cube). First place the cheat disc into your console as you would a normal game, then choose the game you want to cheat on, choose the cheats you want to activate and then exit the menu when you get out completly, eject the cheat disc (don't turn it off just eject it) and then insert your game, a few seconds later it should begin with the cheats activated...
I TRADED IT FROM A FRIEND AND HE SAID HE DID IT WITH A GLITCH.go to gamefaqsmy friend had both jirachi and deoxys. all i know is that he beat the game maybe steven will give u oneI had one once, my friend David gave it to me. He explained how he got it. I can't remember everything he told me, but it had something to do with buying Pokemon Colosseum and connecting your GBA to the GameCube.BUY ACTION REPLAY. GET THE CODE AT CODEJUNKIES.COM AND MAKE SURE TO PUT THE WHOLE CODE AND EVERY LINE OF IT. IT WILL BE IN YOUR PC. HERES A SECRET, MOVE YOU POKEMON FROM YOUR ACTION REPLAY TO ANOTHER BOX. GO BACK TO WHERE IT USE TO BE AND THERE WILL BE ANOTHER ONE. YOU CAN HAVE INFINITE JIRACHIS
Hit the connect butten on the console and then hit the connect button on the controller. Let me no if that works with a best answer. lolget new batteries, or try moving closer to the console.. . possibly both.
You can just download the demo online or go to the illegal approach and download off kazaa or limewire. It is time consuming and not guerenteed to work. and a crack is a code  you need to play the game, they usually come with the file if you download off kazaaYou can do it off of a file sharing program such as Limewire or Kazza. It is not legal to do this however and you face serious penalties if caught. (And Yahoo has your IP since you posted, so it wont be hard to catch you)Ummm you shouldnt,but limewire might help you. BEWARE though some downloads could be trojan viruses, so be careful *I would just buy it instead* =Pgo to downloads in google or yahoo.the pirate bay.org my hubby is a downloading freak.
The only resident evil Ive played on Game cube was Resident evil 4. That game was awesome but its pretty self explanatory. just aim for there head..lolWitch one?? In RE4 you can get headshots by aiming for the head. But In all the otheres you cant you can only aim for the ground st8 and up for flying stuff. Sometimes tho if holding a strong weapon like a Magnum it blows there head off.
I believe you have to build a platform on grass.  To build a platform inside your house, sell the flooring in the area you want to build on.  Afterward, select the style of platform you want to build and it should allow you to place it in the now-grassy area inside your house.you know wat? eva sice i bought that game i hav neva figured it out soz this is a waste of space but maybe click the help icon?
with a screwdriver and a dream.I don't think you can modify a controller but there are     X-box controllers with a turbo button on them which enable rapid fire. Also if you want rapid fire maybe find some cheat program like codebreaker of gameshark or something.you can't mod an xbox controller. And if you could, it would still be cheaper and time effective to purchase a third party controller with all that crap on it.
Here's a commercial costume that might give you some ideas:. http://partymerchant.giantpartystore.com/Shop.cfm/iProdID/134954you might consider stuffing different colored knee socks with crafters batting the sewing the  open end of the socks onto the sweatshirt, They should stand up and be visable to the audience. Or get Real feathers from hobby-lobby or a craft store and use crafting glue to put them on the shirt.I would make the individual feathers out of tag board. You can spray paint them the colors you will need. After you have painted, cut out and snipped the edges to look like feathers, lay them out in a fan shape.Hot glue them together where they overlap.Now hold the tail up to your child's back in the proper position. Mark a dot above and below  each shoulder. At these marks attach a piece of elastic, allowing the loop to be large enough for her arm to slip through. Do the same for the other arm. Now she can slide her arms through the loops, and the tail  should be in the right place. Attach a piece of Velcro to the bottom of the tail and to her "tail" to hold the bottom of the tail in place. If she needs the top waddle, you can use a baseball cap as the base and make it out of red felt. She should wear orange tights and a brown sweat shirt.a low temperature glue gun or fabric glue will get the job done. With fabric glue you'll have ot let it cure for a few days before it can be worn whereas with the glue gun, once its cool it can be worn
to sell them on ebay to people who are even stupideri think they are crazy to even spend 650.00 on the darn thing anyways....CRAZY I SAY!!!All of your points are exactly correct, hence the reason I was not camping out like those idiots. Lol. Wii is gonna be cool too - probably with less glitches than the PS3 at launch, and I'm assuming that everyone will be to busy with their PS3's to crowd up for the Wii.  At any rate, I'll get my PS3 probably spring of next year, when all the bugs are worked out and From Software launches Armored Core 4.people do stupid things all the time everyday live with itAs of right now it's just one of the cheapest blu-ray players out there, but that's still not a good reason. Mostly it's cause people have too much money, too much free time, and not enough brain cellsi think that they are crazy! i was in walmart a 6 pm yesterday and they had tables filled with people just hanging out to get those stupid things!you're right they should like me as well. i'm plannin to get one after sony see's it's sales are horrible and drops the freakin price 200 bucks down. i read that one man was shot because he didn't give up his money for it.people were trampled down mostly at every store just to get a damn ps3.some didn't even get a ps3 they were thinkin that the stores might might have extras,but no they didn't.so i laugh at them.so go get a wii instead.and thats the final word.I think that these people are crazy camping over night just to waste that much money on a game system.because they need there PS3 system I guess. Also they are the ones who won't wait 4 months till the price of one drops 1/3 the cost. Nothing like paying 600 dollars  or so...for a games system that has been reported to have a system glitch with it. Cheersbeause it the coolest gamestaion ever!. and what about grad theft auto 3 thats a good game and it was one of the first games out for the ps2!!!. . your not a playtstaion kind of person, r u?!?some just for status reasons you know to say i have one and some to sell on ebay for more money. And most of them just want it that badly i mean it wuz the same for the 360 and their out there now for the Nintendo Wii. but yea it's so dumb cuz it's not like they'll never get one, but they just have to have it NOW. I don't get it either hundreds of people line up for one but there's only about 25 PS3s per store. some places had more but still everyone hopes they get one and don't care that they're wasting their time and having to sit out in the cold weather and possibly not even get one whether or not they pre-ordered. it's stupid.because they are crazy. $500 for a game. THOSE PEOPLE NEED PROFESSIONAL HELP.so stupid ppl can buy it off ebay 4 upwards of $3,000 and brag 2 all thier poor friends that they have a system filled with glitches.The people who are obsessed with getting their hands on the newest games don't wanna luck out since only 400,000 are available at launch.to sell them on eBay for lots of money!!!!1.theres already a GTA 3 kind of game, Saints row.. 2.I wonder how long it takes before getting bord of a game..maybe that's why theres online, which PlayStation and other systems are terrible at except one.. 3.Ps3 wont be any better than 360.. . Message goes to ps tv pc.Because these people don't have a life. These are the same people that camp out to be the first person to see the new Star Wars movie or buy the new Harry Potter book.
mb is megabites.  It is how much memory space it takes up!I would assume it means that your computer must have 16 megabytes of RAM for it to run Zoo Tycoon 2 (which sounds like a game)you need to free up some spaxc on your hard drive bu removing junkl files and data you have two ways to do this. . 1) uninstall programs n files that u no longer need and empty ur recycle bin. 2)try and have a hard drive upgrade so there u will have more space to play this and other games as well16 mb = Sixteen MegaBits of Memory. . You may need to unistall some stuff in order to install your gamei never had zoo tycoon or even playued it but the first thing that came to mind when i read  16mb  was that u might need 16 megabytes(maybe of memory) on your computer for something i have no idea what exactly and sorry if u confused you i just read over my answer and i got alittle confused. . hope this helps in anyway at all
if you pay my rent and bills and buy my food for me i will make games for you for free! :)Well, as former chief technical officer for a major game developer and publisher, I can easily answer this:. . Most video games today take one to three years to develop, have teams working on them of between 20 and 100 people, and cost between 6 and 20 MILLION dollars to make.  That's just the development cost -- it doesn't include marketing, sales, advertising, etc.  Game companies spend that much *hoping* that the game sells well enough to pay all those costs back, and make a little profit as well.  Some games are profitable, some aren't, it depends on how big the game hits with the game-buying public.. . There would be no incentive of any kind for people to spend that kind of money to make a game that will be "free," and for which they won't get any money back.  And while there are "free" games out there now, they're usually made by amateurs for fun, and don't have anywhere near the production values, game-play time, fun factor, and visuals of a for-profit game.. . Games aren't free because it's a BUSINESS.  If you want great-looking, long-playing, addictively fun games, you're going to have to pay for people to spend their time making those games.. . :)
Well, you have to play through season mode. If you are playing season on Smackdown, then you will unlock the WWE championship after playing about a month or so, and vice-versa.wwe is unlocked after you defend the title in season mode at unforgiven. Similiar the world heavyweight title is unlocked in season mode.  Two legends titles are unlocked by completing the superstar and legend challenges.
I agree! I sell Yu-Gi-Oh! booster boxes and cards on ebay, check the sellers feedback and also what the buyer has said about the card, i.e condition etc.Look at the seller feedback raitng. if it's ~95 or above, you're in good shape.
can't boot from a rated game, next time use a timerMake sure it has a play time limit.  I play literati all the time I use timer but it also has a time limit of 3 minutes per play or the opponent has the option to Force a Forfeit.play a game of solitarie on your computer and check every five mins to see you won to pass timeIf you could not boot them after 3 minutes of  them being IDLE.....then the problem is your end not yahoo....... ANYONE ( not just the host) can boot after 3 minutes of being idle, sometimes it goes over to 3 mins 45 secs.........  if games is freezing on you  then you need to update ...Click this link http://www.freecreed.com/pm.html ....   unless games has callapsed that is everyone is booted..........like i said the problem is at your end. . click the persons ID at the table who is lingering........... click the word PING in the little grey box..if there is 00 net delay then that person is frozen........ if you had been there for an hour did u have a ping? if not you were frozen..........updateHi,. First of all:  ABUSE REPORT FORM. If you report abuse it will help. Yahoo bars and terminates after investigation.This is the info you will need. Just make notes and after game report them :. Abuser's ID: . Game Name: . Room Name:. Who was involved and where? . What happened. . http://help.yahoo.com/1/us/yahooabuse....... Click on abuse report underneath the alphabet list. Then scroll down to games and click and then just fill out the form.. . Yahoo! Games wants to provide you with a fun and comfortable environment.. . Now, there is nothing you can do but hope he goes over the 3 minute time limit and forfeits himself.  Sorry that we have to deal with that.  The limit was made for needed breaks not for meanies! . After you finish with him.  Have fun playing.
I am by no means a professional, but I have heard from those that are that you need to have a separate amount of money for entry fees and another for living expenses.  Daniel Negranu said in an interview "It isn't a professional stance if you have just put ALL of your money (meaning every dime you have) into a poker tournament because if you lose, you still need to pay your rent."  That said, he mentioned that whatever you have, even before you're a pro, that you should allow only 5-10% of EXTRA money to go towards an entry fee.  Good luck!If you mean how to do this as a living, read some basic poker books (Theory of Poker by Sklansky is my recommendation) and practice a LOT (PC simulations, free online games) before even thinking about playing a cash game.  Also note that tournament play is quite different from playing a cash game.  You won't really learn much by watching poker on TV.You must learn the game. Study, heck, even take lessons: http://www.church-of-texas-holdem.com/poker-lesson-poker-coach.html. . Once you are a competent, winning player, you must set yourself goals and be disciplined about your game: http://www.church-of-texas-holdem.com/online-poker-cheat.html. . Feel free to mail me if you are serious about becoming a professional poker player. I have taken that road myself. It's long and tricky, but it was worth it. I work from home and have a great lifestyle.Professional by definition means that you make your living playing poker.  If you are asking how do you become a professional poker player there are no short cuts.  Practice and study until you are good enough to quit your day job.You have to place in a tournament that you pay to get into
no you must us a router not a computeryou can only connect to a wireless router, direct connect is not an optioni hope you have windows XP and 2 network cards. . go to a store(bestbuy or CompUSA or circuitcity or the like) and buy a "CrossOver" Network cable. if you have to ask a salesperson tell them you want to connect two computers. . connect your computer to the network like you always do ... connect the crossover cable to the PS2 and to the second card in your comp. then go to network connections. select the two cards hold CTRL. then right click and then select 'Create Bridge'. . in a perfect setup you should have no problems and it should work. hope that helps although it's over simplified. . ****IF your computer is connected to a wifi network the above will not work**** (in most cases 80%) if you have Service Pack 2
I have played the PS3 and the 360 and the Wii. if i was to send them in order of best to worst it would be 1)Wii 2)360 3) PS3. i say this because the only thingg that has changed on the ps3 is the graphics. plus its HUGEI bought one yesterday for my brother for Christmas...and the system is really heavy..as for looks...i think it is designed better...as for how it works...I have no idea..however..I am told that the blue label DVDs. that you can watch on it...is going to be a hell of a better picture than the DVDs are...also...after you watch the new blue DVDs..and than watch the original DVDs...its going to be like watching VSH when watching the original DVD...and I was told that the PS3 is wireless...which is said to be better than the PS2...I just go by what I hear..the only reason I even bought a PS2 was because the one game I wanted to play only came on PS2...and that I even waited for when the price went down..Sony however..when you bought the system yesterday...gave you the option of buying a 2 or 4 yr warranty...http://www.gamespot.com/features/6161997/index.html?tag=topslot;action;2. . Click here!
short answer;One of two things happened ... you got booted ... or ... disconnected and logged in again right away and the new program technology GLITCHED ... Or ... you violated Yahoo Terms Of Servic and Yahoo's new programming to catch spammers, people running booter programs, or scroller programs, banned you.  Wait about 5 minutes before logging back in to avoid this happening. Also do not hop  from table to table or lounge to lounge more then 1-2 times in a 10 minute period.. Yahoo's new technology, has  a glitch ... banning IDs. ... this doesn't mean you violated TOS. Many are getting chat bans for no reason. If you got booted / disconnected ... then can't loggin click this link to learn more and tell yahoo > http://www.freecreed.com/userid.html ... . . Perhaps if enough people tell Yahoo and they get enough complaints....they will do something about it. ( keep in mind yahoo work on a VERY delayed response). . But if you have done any of the below expect to be banned. Yahoo has changed the "goalposts" to try and stop the sex bots / scrollers / booters / abusers / cheats...If you scroll ...or..send multiple invites...jump lounges or tables ..click kibitz multiple times...you will be BANNED....Yahoo thinks you are up2 mischief doing these things..... If you run a booter ..spamm..... violate the law ... cuss or abuse chatters among other things ... and Yahoo recieves an abuse report ... and recieves a copy screen shot of the past chat session , Yahoo has the USA courts legal permission to deactivated or ban accounts.. . Use another ID till your bann has finished
The trouble with card making now is that there are loads of people doing it.  I started a small business and despite hard work and a talent it flopped!  If you can amke a few to sell to family and friends then OK but dont expect to make a lot of money out of it.my mother and aunt both sell for different greeting card/scrapbooking companies. Stampin' Up! and Creative Memories, both very good! let me know if you want a catalog or something...or you could just search those companies in Yahoo's awesome search engine!I do this... I have a small kids paper making kit make the  cards.. and do my own photos and my own art work .. and sell say 5 for 10 bucks at the craft fairs and farmers market.. BUt  This is a way to do it on your own.  I also want to do what you are doing.   IN the artists market magazine there is a list of the greeting card companies... that free lance your work... This magazine is a listing of the companies and how and what is going on inthe industry and whats new ... and  what I read is that sometimes making your own line .. they will buy it.    so its Artist market magazine.  write and ask the company's  how to go about having your cards looked at and I guess you go on fromthere.
oh my god, people are so retarded. some but very few psychics are real, how else do you think they solve mass murders, unless they did it themselves, or what? they are psychic!! People are dumb for not believing in them,... there is a very good reason they cant win the lottery, because god did not give them powers to help benefit themselves like that. Its the same reason some can predict how and when a stranger is going to die, but cannot predict how themself or their family can and will go..  Its just the way things are. When you are personal and close to something it cannot benefit you.. go read some books. and open your naive mind.Brilliant...........kinda makes you think eh (lol)ill answer you latter. i have to read my forture cookie  firstcuz they r fake. or its that the lottery is run by psychics so thy know what numbers people pick so no1 can win the d@mn thing exept when they feel like letting someone win it. and psychics cant win it cuz they all work for it.because psychics are not really psychic, if they were they would surely use their powers to help prevent bad things happening in this world, but really they just like to think they are psychic, its all in the mind!Good question, deja vu though. I've seen this question before...or maybe I predicted it. Maybe I should go play lottery now and see what happens.Well seen the headlines phychotic win lotteryLets just say there is such a thing as a real phychic, The future hasn't happened yet so how could they possibly know what the numbers are going to be?If I was truly psychic I think I might have something a little more important to do than bother about money. and as for the fakers,well that's obvious isn't it?. . Try 4, 6, 11, 36, 45 and 46 this Wednesday, who knows?
The snowflake tokens were a part of a winter event in 2005 in Millsberry.  Residents searched the downtown shops and received one token a day.  The tokens could then be redeemed at other shops for specific prizes such as a snowflake backpack from the student store.. . Currently the tokens are only available in Yard Sales and are no longer valid for redemption.You need to search for them in the yard sale classifieds. They are pretty expensive... But you can click this link when you want to see what color you want: http://pic2.piczo.com/MillsberryCitizensClub/?g=14495796&cr=2. . Good Luck!!. ~~Hannah~~
Your online poker site can tell you.. . Trust me, you are doing poorly.Sign into AOL games then poker, you can check your profile while playingIf you have to ask your not doing goodIf you are playing for real money the program Poker Tracker is the best tool to see how you are playing. There's no real lists of top players that have any meaning on poker sites. PT keeps track of all your stats and how you play your hands. You can get it free from http://www.ultimatepokerbankroll.com with their offers.. . If you are playing for play money the only real way to tell is by how much is in your play money account.I think YOU should know without online help!. . Keep a poker spreadsheet. It takes a couple of minutes per day.... . Here's why: http://www.church-of-texas-holdem.com/poker-strategies.html. . Here's a free poker spreadsheet: http://www.church-of-texas-holdem.com/free-online-poker.html
unless you really care about having better graphics then its really not worth buying  it because you can get an older one thats cheaper just with a little worse graphics.Unless you're a terrorist who needs to learn to fly withough going through all the legal stuff, I don't see any reasons to get it.  Some people might be entertained by it, but you could get a much better game instead.i would get and i am. im getting in about 2 weeks.  you should get it because it is a very entertaining game, and im not going to say graphics because that is a lame reasonMicrosoft Flight Simulator X. $33.66 (through Google checkout). http://www.buy.com/prod/Microsoft_Flight_Simulator_X/q/loc/105/202790002.html?adid=17662
the PS2  does not have a ISP  Add., you will have to use the one  from the internetThe PS2 does not have an ISP address (i think you mean IP address), which is assigned either by you (in case of a static IP address) or by your router/provider though DHCP (Dynamic Host Control Protocol). Either way, if you don't know, try using automatic setup or something similar on your PS2, and if it still does not work, contact your Internet Provider.
buy a ticketyou have to play to win...GO BUY SOME TICKETS...DUHI don't know but if you find out let me know!!!!!pick any numbers and waitbuy lots of tickets.. Eat 4-leaf clover salad.. Suck leprechauns willies.. Put a black cat on a leash and drag it across your path every day. Fix broken mirrors as a hobby. Make a necklace of rabbits feet.guess the 6 numbers correctly. . as easy as thatYou need only to buy 14 million tickets. It really is that simple.The chances of it happening are about the same as getting struck by lightning 7 times.  But you can't win if you don't play.  My suggestion for maximizing your odds would be to join a group of people who all drop 5 bucks, and share the winnings.  And for God's sake don't spend your paycheck on this stuff.  You'll end up losing everything.Pick the six numbers that get drawn out , cretin.buy around a million lottery ticketsif you find the answer, let me know.buy alll the ticketswhen you find out, let me knowDecide on 6 numbers that you consider to be your sequence. If you ever actually decide to play the lottery, these are your numbers, and you will only ever buy one ticket per lottery. But: never actually play. Each week you win the price of a ticket, because you never actually play. It will add up to thousands of dollars in the long run.. . If your number DOES come up, you are cursed. Find a bridge. Jump off.crush up some garlic and pesto with a hint of a fat pig's blood in a small black bowl made from ants' legs, and, at the stroke of midnight on the day of the lottery draw, get naked and chant the ancient latin script of truth, drinking your concotion straight after.. OR. break into the lottery place, tamper with the balls so that all the ones you pick are the only ones that can come out, and voila!. OR. buy a bloomin ticket!PRAY to GodSell your soul to the devil.buy nearly 14million tickets in each combination.  if you get any other guaranteed ideas please let me know!!!buy a ticket and pick the right numbers.... its well easy.... apart from the numbers bitTake a loan from the bank and buy a lot of ticketsDo a few numbers and hope for the best like everyone else.If you get the answer let me know please !Thankyou, you've reminded me to buy a euromillions ticket for tomorrow.. . If I win, i'll come back here and give you a million.. Make sure you are contactable via email on monday !try these numbers!. . 06, 12, 14, 15, 28 & 33. . if you win, I want half!!!!ye think ad be sittin here if I knew the answer, gees a pound and ill try find the answer for yeLotteries are the perhaps the strangest and most tricky of all gambling games. You see it does not matter how many people buy lottery tickets. They can be a million, a billion or even a zillion but the chances of you wining the lottery however small are always the same as any other person in the lottery. You always stand at a same distance from the jackpot as any other person. And this drives people made when they think about it. There is no other way to win a prize than to buy a ticket, and there is no smarter way to increase your chance of wining than to but lots of them. You can do whatever you like; choose whatever number you may but if the lightening of the gold pot is going to strike you no one else can save you by standing in your stead.Sorry...we're first !!!!interesting question,. in real world, the chance is pretty low, but in lottery game, you have lots of chance to win.. why do not play lottery games first to test your luck?. http://www.goldenmouse.net/cardscasinolottery%20.htmlMillions of people want to know the answer to that one!!!  The best way to increase your chances it to buy a ticket each week lol...:Dguess no's between 1 & 49- have to use your psychic powers!!!A time machine. You have to get the winning numbers and go back in time a day and give them to yourself.the chances are very very slim. personally if you're looking for more cash, instead of spending money on lottery tickets every week, put the money u would have spent in a jar or something. then in a few years.... yay you've won the lottery....Play the same #s every day
The 1st thing you do when you enter lounge is check play small window in option box. Once in you can expand room to see the chat areaIf you have a pop up blocker installed, that may be the problem, when you click on create table, hold down CTRL and that will allow the pop up.  If that doesnt work, then I dont know what will.  Hope it helped, sorry if it didnt.
There are variants on it, but it generally refers to putting money one pays in income and/or luxury taxes into a pot, which is then collected by someone whenever they land on free parking.  All are house rules and not part of the official rules.  Many like the idea of a sudden windfall but I personally consider it a bad rule because it lengthens the game (it keeps more money in play and therefore means it takes longer to bankrupt everyone else).you miss one turnI don't know what the rule is, but when me and my family play we put money in the middle as a jackpot a whoever lands on free parking gets the jackpot.nothing happensthe OFFICIAL rule is nothing at all happens.The OFFICIAL rule is you con stay there as long as you want, (hence the name FREE PARKING) but most people put all the tax money in the middle & award it to the person who lands on free parking.In the game rules, you don't get money by landing there, its just a free spot.There's two options for when you land on Free Parking. Either you get all the money in the pot from Chance and Taxes, or you just rest on that spot and nothing happens.it should be that you get all the money payed to the bank in the game when you land on free parking.If you activate the "free parking rule" then the money form comunity chest/chnace cards, luxury tax and income tax will all to the middle of the board until someone land son free parking. Then the money goes to the lucky person and the next  pot of money is started again. If you do not activate the free parking rule, nothing happens when anyone lands on free parking , it is just that: FREE parking for that turn only!
It doesn't really work.It's for cons and charlatans to fool you!If you don't know what you are doing, DON'T TRY IT ! ! !What you need is a group of four six people around the Ouija board. Be wary how many people you do bring as the more people put attention on the apparition, the more powerful it becomes.. Also required are one or more spectres/ghosts/demons willing to participate in the mutilation or manipulation of your persons.. . Then you'll all need to clear your mind of any and all of the mundane things of day to day life and concentrate on drawing out the spectre/ghost/demon.. . Make sure you have a priest on speed dial and some holy water on tap, just in case the creature actually manifests, it will slow the beast down even if it doesn't actually destroy it or return it to its former state.. . Beyond that you are on your own, for all demons or undead have their own special properties such as flight, pyrokinesis or telekinesis as just a few of many potential risks.hack into to it. or you can blackmail the guy that owns it.get a few rockets.peaceTo be honest, if it really does work, you need to quit messing around with it. I've know them to really work, and the results are not pretty. Just leave it alone.I wouldn't expect it to work, but I wouldn't try it. If you do try it I know you have to use protection spells etc otherwise you invite things into our realm, that's a bad thing btw.
Dare them to tell the truth.watch the "Screech Sex Tape"*******************************************. . I dare you to lick the toilet seat.. . ******************************************Run down ur street and back wearing a tootoo and a boa!!!
Get a can of air in the can!!!Take it of and put it back on smoothly.  Get a micro fiber cloth if you don't want to touch it.
When prompted for your password, press select.  Then enter 7444, this will delete your password and prompt you to pick a new one.  I hope this is what you needed!what code?you should call sony the number is 1800-345-7669Try going on google and typing in what you don't have. It should give you the code. It just might work. Good luck!
I never use my headset lol I get pelted with anti-semetic comments in RL. anyway folks see it as a outlet for rage...you cant call your boss "A gay jew douche-bag" BUT you can call some kid on the web that all you want...dig?it would seem that online video games, particularly FPS games, regrettably attract people with a certain type of mentality.  They tend to be excessively sophmoric and juvenile, or at least it seems that way to me.people just stay online all day and night drinking energy drinks, snacking on twinkies, listening to other idiots saying stupid things also. then they say stupid things like "you fetus". some times it better to get some sleep than kill those last seventeen people online.Because Xbox live is a place where you can go to take your worries off of things. Engage in stupid conversation and forget about your cares and play an exciting game whilst doing so. You just found the morons, you have to find the right people and you get them no your friends list so you can play in parties with them and you don't have to worry about the morons. Anyways that is why the mute option was created.because you r mad that they are pwning youIt is probably because some of them are and then others pick it up from them. online multiplayer shooting games attract a LOT of morons. They are just really bored idiots who quite often have very large egos (I have no idea of how to spell that word) and they either brag when they score or start insulting those who are winning. They are simply stupid people who you should just ignore.
open the tray put in a disc and go to the menu and select the deisc and wallai think you are talking about movies DVD right?. if you are then i think in earlier PS2 you might have to insert the memory card that came with the PS2 to play movie DVD. . model no. SCPH-10000 and SCPH-15000 did not have a built-in DVD player and instead relied on an encrypted player that was copied to a memory card from an included CD-ROMOkay, look. You put the DVD in the tray, just like the GAMES. Then, it should go into the menu or you get to choose DVD in the main PS2 window. Then, if you have a parental control setting on a sertain raiting, it'll ask for your password. Put it in, and it'll go to the main menu on the DVD. This is the best I can explain how, so please, if anything goes wrong, don't blame me. Oh! And if the PS2 doesn't read the DVD at all, then you just bought a piece of sh**, the DVD is screwed, or you just don't know how the hell to use one. Peace out, bro!If it doesn't play DVDs take it back to the store.
Gold is supposed to better then silver. You tell me if thats true tho.Duh. one is gold and the other silver.
NO CLUEYou're supposed to provide details, since there is WAY too much stuff to cover!. . Of course, if you want to know how to do the whole thing and not just some part, read the walkthrough below.. . Otherwise, just remember to try your grappling hook all over the place because there are switches and passages that you need the grappling hook for.. . To beat the boss, use the grappling hook to latch onto the tail sticking out of the ceiling.  Do that 3+ times until the armor of the thing you're fighting shatters, leaving it vulnerable to sword attacks.  Lock on to him and grab him close with your hook, then hack away at him with your sword.. . If you can't get it, use the bottle the girl throws you and fill it with water.  Pour the water on one of the dried bomb plants, then the bomb can be used to blow up the rock below, flooding the area for you to cross.. . Let me know if you need any more help.If you mean the boss, use the grappling hook to grab onto the red dragon's tail hanging from the ceiling (3 times). After his armor breaks, use the grappling hook to drag his eye over to you and slice it with your sword. Then grab the heart container and jump into the swirling winds.exactly what The Genius said
Fat      If you're not fat enough, you probably won't float as well. I figured that out a few years ago because my Mom is heavyset and is a great floater....while I on the other had will sink.well when I was taking swimming lessons as a little kid, they would tell you to hold your stomach up. You need your stomach to be up at all times, if it just goes down, then you'll sink.If you will lay your head as far back on the back of your neck and lay back in water - you will float. Relax - promise it works.just keep moving your legs and your hands. legs should push up, hands and shoulders side to side.YA GOT TO RELAX... {:-)I know you have to relax, but I personally, have not been able to completely float on my back.. . My legs always seem to want to drop down, and I end up running out of patience...lol.well jeeva.. i suggest u to wear a life jacket or a buoy. happy swimming.. sure u'll not drownYou're talking about people that have drown already.
Not all XBOX games are playable on XBOX 360.  However, Microsoft is adding titles regularly to this list of titles that will work with the 360 console.  For a complete list of currently compatible games, visit:. . http://www.xbox.com/en-US/games/backwardcompatibilitygameslist.htmthey say it will only play microsoft games backwardsly.  also the ps2 should going on that the ps2 has backwards compatibility.cause gates needs more money lolForced obsolesence. A idea picked up for the Car industry. Every few years you change the product  so people buy new stuff. Therefore Bill can add yet another Billion to his wallet. Frankly I think Bill Gates and Microsoft are the real life version of the Umbrella Corp. from the Resident Evil Games. Right now Bill's henchman are working on the T-virus in Seattle( Raccoon City).Xbox knowing the Ps3 and Nintendo plan have hardrive because in the future probably around November 2006 you will be able to download Xbox video games through a server, just as Ps3 and Nintendo intends to do and Xbox has no memory card. So don't buy the hardrive and you'll be missing out on the best games for Xbox and Demos.. . Wrong! Ps3 is coming with a hard-drive free, but guess how much the Ps3 will be $600 bucks a lot of money, just for all it's features, so what do you want?. . Xbox 360 - $400 bucks. Ps3 - $600 bucks?360 isnt backwards compatible becuase the company that was making some card for the original xbox was charging too much and microsoft decided to make it itself to lower prices. So nwo they basically have to emulate the games which requires a hard drive. The PS3 also requires a hard drive, but both the $500 and $600 versions come with one (20 and 60 gb respectivly)
as far as I know there are no wireless receivers for a Play station. Most wireless routers have 3 to 5 hardwire hookups on them. Go that route. It may mean running some wire though.you can't go wireless with a standard PS2. You would have to buy a special part for the ps2 or just connect your PS2 to your router with a USB cord (that's the one that looks like a bigger telephone cord).  If your laptop has wireless, then it shouldn't matter where you have the router and most routers come with a slot to connect things with.  You may have to go out and buy that cord, though.http://www.bellaonline.com/articles/art8764.asp hopefully this will help, good luck!  But really I would say just for you to buy one of the newer Flat PS2's its slime and you don't need a extra attachment to go online, just a ethernet cable and a router (or just hook it directly into your modem or whatever your using).you might have to diconnect the computer and then connect to PS2 in it's place. Good luckI don't know which router you have, but my wireless router also has 4 spaces to directly connect computers or other devices with an Ethernet cable.  I plug my PS2 ethernet connection into one of those plugs when I want to go online.  You might want to check your router to see if there's an open ethernet space, then use a long ethernet cable, or move your PS2.
In the back of your TV, you should have RCA connectors, they'll be yellow, white, and red plugs.  Just match the connectors from the GCN to the ones on the TV.  It's that simple.Are you using a Scart lead (rectangular "box plug" with a red,white and yellow plug)? If so, you stick that into the rectangular plug on the back of your TV. Some, usually older, TVs aren't SCART compatible. You're going to have to use a standard lead then, which results in worse quality. It works with the N64 lead but I think they come with one anyway. Use Scart if you can, it's way better!look for the instuctions  that is wht they are there
You can't really tell. You would have to look at the person to tell if they are bluffing.I am the worlds best bluffer, you can't telllook for their tells. Work on reading their body language.  . . . OR YOU COULD PUT A MIRROR BEHIND THEM. . also watch ROUNDERS  lots of tells in that movieThere are never any sure fire ways of knowing, but they might fidget, snap fingers stranger looks, all sorts of things. anything out of the ordinary for the person. Get to know your opponent. outside of this, I don't know what else to tell ya.different people have different traits.  My one friend voice gets a lot higher when she is doing good(so does mine), and another friend begins to drink more soda/water when she is over confident.  Just watch the facial expressions.  If you are observant, you'll pick it up.This can vary, but in general with ametures players that have weak hands tend to come on strong, and people with strong hands try to act like they are weak.. . The better answer is that through observation you will notice "tells" that the person is giving off. Maybe they slouch when they have bad hands and lean forward when they have good hands. Look for subconscious signs that they will pass to you.Raise. Probably not the answer you were looking for. However, it IS the most sure fire way to tell if your opponent is bluffing.
It,s hard to explain but I have ton's of anxiety but I only take them once in a great while they knock your anxiety down and make you real smooth feeling there is'nt much visual stuff people can see but you definately are not in a decision making state of mind so stay away from you family till you figure it out.  190lbs-2mgwell, i cant say how it affects you cuz i cant remember those nights i took it
i dont know .....im a girl lololodont know the difference all i know is fishing is fishing.front drag should be a place where u get the bate and place in water. . . rear drag would be the mechanism by which you pull up the batedepends on where u want to tighten the tension of the line -- in front or in rearThe front drag means that you tighten the tension of your line from the front of the spool on a spinning reel and the rear drag will allow you to tighten or loosen the tension by turning a nob on the back of the reel, I have used booth and most people use the front drag type reels although some use the rear drag. Most of the time I take a front drag reel, I only have two rear drag ones and don't really care for them. good luck and great fishingTHE TOP PIECE YOU USE TO TIGHTEN THE SPOOL WITH AFTER MOUNTING TO THE REEL IS THE FRONT DRAG. THE REAR DRAG IS A SCREW TYPE DEVICE ON THE BOTTOM OF THE REEL.  GET IN TOUCH WITH PURE FISHING.COM AND THEY SHOULD BE ABLE TO HELP YOU FOR SUREIt designates the location of the drag on a spinning reel (the one that hangs under the rod). On a front drag model, the control knob is in front of the spool on the front of the reel. On a rear drag, the control knob is at the back of the reel. The advantage of a rear drag is that if you need to increase/decrease the amount of drag while fighting a fish you can because the line is not in the way. On a front drag, you can't make any adjustments because the line gets in the way of the control knob. Go to the local library and find books on fishing. If you've seen the "idiot's guide to..." or "... for dummies", well there are versions for fishing. These two will give you a basic guide to equipment, tactics, and fishing overall.
Learn to program and make a demo. You can make it in flash fairly easily.High-level designs are the easy part, implementation is the hard part.  . . Your best bet isn't to think anybody will care about another idea, because they've probably heard it.  You probably want to do a proof-of-concept at least.
For the food lovers, EsselWorld caters to all palates. Whether your choice is quick pizza or a bhel-puri or a leisurely chinese meal, one outlet or other, spread throughout the park, is sure to appeal to you. EsselWorld offers over thirty four thrilling and scintilllating rides, games and amusements, guaranteed to pep you up.. . EsselWorld has recently started Wet World (a park within the park) with separate entry charges of Rs.50/- per head. It is a dream come true in the hot summer months. This has six water-related rides:. Rain pool. Splash pool. Croc pool. Lazy river. Large activity pool. Small activity pool. . Tickets are Rs.125/- per adult and 100/- for children. Senior citizens are allowed free, on proof of age.I've not been there but heard it from my frens that it is awesome. I guess it is the best water-park in India.rockin ,spine chillin rides ,tasty food.
How lonely r u ?Play someone that you know that you can beat and then never play again.. Or never play, therefore no one can beat you.  You can say that you have never been beaten at checkers.Study the game.. . Two excellent books:. . "Starting Out In Checkers" by Richard Pask. "Win At Checkers" by Millard Hopper. . Checkers is harder to master than a lot of people think, primarily because most people don't really know the rules, they just think they do.... . But pattern recognition is the key...when you see pieces placed   in certain ways, you can take advantage of these patters by making the proper move.  These two books discuss these various patters in detail.stop playing.By finding an excuse to not play...1) dont play. 2) always win ;)
i found the simplist way for me (using a cable modem) was to get a router, if you have an older ps2 (the origianl design) you will need to buy the network adaptor, i believe the newer slim ps2's have this built in. then all u have to do is connect everything up and play for free! if i can do it, anyone can!No it is ABSOULTY FREE . all you need is a ethernet cord that you pluginto your ps2 and an adapter if you dont got the slime one and plug ethernet into roughter and if you have sertain games you can buy a handset thats about 20-30$ us and a keyboard
Probably because the whole duck hunt theme was to be able to shoot at stuff with a fake gun with all the next gen gaming gear this would be a joke and would disgrace any company who makes it However if they updated it and made it 3d or soimething the origional fun gameplay would be changed and most of the fans of duckhunt would not like it its a lose lose situation so noone attempts itOMG people this isn't rocket science, why would the DOG from duck hunt have a game on it's own. the reason? to make more crappy kid games.no thumbsThat's not a bad idea...!! I used to play that game religiously when I was a kid! As for your original question, I don't know, there were probably contract disputes involving how much kibble bits the dog gets, or something...lol
I just had this conversation.  If you know that you have a video game addiction problem, it's best that you not play any games.Have other healthy interests.  reading some kind of hobby that doesn't involve the TV at all.  If a person always has things to do chances are they will devote less time to playing games.  I'm fairly balanced when it comes to gaming, but if I have a book that I'm really into I wont even touch my consoles.Smash it with a hammer! BANG!Go out and have a few beers instead.have certain days and times when you can play. You should limit your playing time. Or just play up to a certain level each day.  Also do other things than just video gamesVery hard not to get addicted and spend every free moment playing.   .  Best bet is to designate a certain limited amount of time allowed to play,  like 2 hours a weeknight and maybe 6 hours a day weekends.You could try only play a small amount of it a week.First of all addiction is simply a state of mind. If you really wanted to stop this video game addiction you would just throw away all the systems you have with all the games. but I'll tell you something right now, No video games = Lame ass life. I my-self love video games. I have been playing Nintendo since I was 2! I was born the same year The Old School Nintendo came out. With Mario Bros. / Duck Hunt. Ever since then I have been addicted, and loving every day of it since.Okay my solution for that issue:. . Get a Girlfriend. Get a Job. Get a Hobby like painting or writing. . You will see how 1 leads to 2 and 2 to 3, but first of all, try to make 1 not have the same addiction, so she gets you out of the addiction and into something MORE GOOD!Find a hobby to take up a lot of your time. I had a bad addiction to video games couple years ago. I've stuck to the video games though, I have a hobby called level design.. for video games. :) So I've stuck to video games in a way, but I'm using my hours creating them instead of playing them. Make my parents proud, they dont care how many hours I waste creating.. . So take up a creative and time consuming hobby.You gotta rest on the games sometimes, i was an addict once.  I would stay on the game for 12 hours on a time, i would skip school just to play, but now, i realized that if you just chill for a while and find other things to do with your time, you will eventually get better.  You will still think about the game in the beginning, but eventually other things will shrink that out.Limit your time playing, then gradually decrease each tme.
K. Some tips. 1. Make sure that the Special DVD Edition goes in the DVD Drive.. 2. Make sure you have enough memory. 3. Make sure you have the right graphics cardJust follow the instructions like any other game... but if you're having problems while trying to install it, then your pc probably doesn't meet the requirements.  Make sure you have at least 256MB of RAM, but at least 512 is recommended to have a better performance, and make sure that your processor is fast enough.  Also, I think the most important thing is the video card, I'd say that a geforce fx 5200 is fine, you can get them for a reasonable price now.  sorry if i made this too confusing.put it in the compouter,  go to my computer.  click on the drive which you put the cd rom into.  then when it opens, click install.
very cold water - do not scrub - use mild liquid detergent like delicare or woolite  -  rinse thoroughly - roll in towel - lay flat on dry towel to air dry....   . If it is old/ antique –  be very careful - spot clean - colors may bleed…Handwash it. Just run a sink full of water and put a little washing detergent in it.  Carefully wash by hand and rinse.  Lay it flat to dry.I'm "assuming" you are talking about a piece you've made right? And you want to get the hand oil off the edges? Put a little dishwashing liquid (or mild detergent) in a pan and add warm water. Using both hands, take the cross stitch piece and dip it into the warm water. Don't scrunch it up or crumple it, just dip it in and out of the water and swish it around. If there are "spots", use an old toothbrush and gently scrub the spot. Then gently run clear warm water over it until all the suds are gone. Then hang it up to dry.You should be able to hand wash it gently in mild soap. Don't wring it out, just pat it dry with a towel and let it dry flat. . . If there's only a small part that is dirty, take a washcloth dipped in water and mild soap, and gently pat the area.. . Good luck!
HECK YEAH!!!!!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GO PS3nice answer Dr. Stupid.. . It would be very dumb to get a PS3 mainly because they are charging so much for something that is just a PS2 that stole some. ideas from Nintendo.. Another reason is that it will be impossible to find a PS3 because Sony is only launching 20,000 to the states, when Nintendo is launching 4-40 million wii consoles to the states.. And lastly, the PS3 is sure to bomb. Sony even admitted it.$600 is way to much for a system that is not much different from the Xbox 360.(not that I am comparing the systems, I would never disgrace Microsoft like that).  But the graphics aren't much better than the Xbox 360, things that you save on the hard drive take up more room than it would on a 360 or a PC.  And if people support buying a console for $600, then companies will think it will be okay to charge more for the next-next gen consoles.  And I don't know about you, but I hate it when I am watching a TV add for a political campaign and all one side does is put down the opposing party and don't play fair, that is what Sony is doing in the console war.  They are stealing ideas off the other consoles(and doing a lousy job of it) and don't promote their product, they just put down the other systems.  I also admit that I am a fan of the Xbox 360 and Microsoft(as if you couldn't tell), but I do feel very strongly that the PS3 is not worth the rip-off price of sixty thousand cents.(the sixty thousand cents makes it sound like more money, and I wanted to show off my mad math skills.)While I do think it is worth it, Blu-Ray technology and all -- my husband is going to get one next year, when all the bugs are worked out.  I have heard that the ones that are getting released may have some overheating issues, since Sony wanted to release it before the Wii.. . I put a deposit on the Wii, and by the time he's bored with it, we'll be ready for a PS3.. . Good luck in getting one!No it's not... cause for almost the same price you can get a Wii and a 360. 3 gaming companies have said the PS3 isn't anymore powerfull than the 360. so why pay more?
Go buy them. If you don't know how to do it then buy them, stop cheating Disney there money. Those are great movies that deserve the money, it's not like you don't know what your getting.I would just buy it. I've seen Little Mermaid as low as $14 and far less of a headache than burning and hassling with this.. . And with sales coming up, it could go lower
Here are Nintendo games from the first console. . http://www.thatsanderskid.com/virtualnes/If you want to download them onto your Wii,you will need Wiipoints or you will have to use a credit card. . . Wiipoints should be available at Bestbuy or Futureshop.
Christmas  is not the biggest  festival in India as Christians are minority.. But as I study in a Christian Missionary School, I've learned a lot about Christmas from my fellow mates. I've also developed the spirit of Christmas from this.. Christmas means new clothes,shoes and a lot more things. But more than that it involves sharing what you have have, not the extra you have or something that you've overgrown. Christmas means brightly lit up houses and Churches. It means going to the Church and taking part in the Christmas Play(which in our school involves almost everyone)   . Well hope you also enjoy your Christmas and share what you have(not your plenty!). Merry ChristmasChristmas to me means a pagan holiday with pagan origins. Jesus was in fact not born on that day because when he was born, sheppards were out in the fields with their sheep at night. They stop going out in the fields shepparding their sheep in the cold and rainy season, or as we call it Winter, which would be in December specifically starting Dec 21st. Not to mention, when Jesus died he was 33 1/2 years old. If you go back 6 months from Nisan 14 (which is usually March-April) you will end up in September or October for a birth month. Jesus' life span was the only one in the bible that had 1/2 a year in it. So if he was born in December and died in March-April then he would have died at either 33 1/4 years old for March or 33 1/3 years old for April. And the Bible, as accurate as it is, says a 1/2 a year, which leaves us in the warmer months of Sept and Oct, WHEN sheppards would be outdoors shepparding their sheeps.. . Jesus was only tied into the Christmas holiday because the Romans celebrated the Winter Solstice then, this was even celebrated before he came into existance on the earth. The calculations for his birth were calculated to coincide with the Festival of Anunnciation, doesn't that seem odd to you? Not to mention, and this is coming from the Encyclopedia Americana, "the reason for establishing Dec 25th as Cristmas is somewhat obscure, but it is usualy held that the day was chosen to correspond to pagan festivals that took place around the time of the winter solstice, ...the Roman Saturnalia also took place at this time and some Christmas customs are thought to be rooted in the ancient pagan celebration".. . I've got a lot more where that came from, but again, doesn't it seem odd that The Encyclopedia Americana is calling it a "pagan holiday"?Celebrating the birth of Jesus and having all my family together. Jesus is the reason we celebrate the seasonIt means i'm getting a year older..only because I was born on that day.
Take Along Brendam Docks has been retired, therefore making it now more expensive (as much as $135 on ebay) and hard to find.  It's a shame because my son would have loved to have it but there is no way I'm spending over $50 for it.Yes, the Thomas toys are quite expensive, but unlike alot of other expensive toys, the Thomas toys are actually very good quality, they are not shoddy pieces of junk...my nephew had alot of Thomas toys when he was young, he read the books over and over again, the videos/DVDs are really great, non-violenet, with some humour, and celebrity voices (George Carlin, Alec Baldwin, even Ringo from the Beatles did a short stint years ago)..all the Thomas stories are non-violent which is great...as far as being hard to find, it is best to try the independent toy stores, and stores that carry educational toys often have the Thomas sets and trains...yup, they are terribly expensive, but very good and fun for the kids...Anything to do with Thomas the Tank is expensive, Because all the kids want it. My Grandchildren have played with Thomas the Tank for years,  One of them are now 8 and has graduated to the real trains, Wait till you see the price of them.
Your pillow breaks.You either get knocked out or you laugh so hard you pee yourself.  That would be losing.If you give up..you losewho ever pees out of laughter firstfirst one too fall on the ground.in one of my games when you loose your pillow you losegive upMORE HITTINGThat's up to you to agree on beforehand.....but I would say if you fall,  give up. stop hitting, or lose the pillow!
level up you muppet!!Level up.. . Make sure your weapons aren't using a ELEMENTAL EFFECT.. . I can kill them easy and im only like 49 and such.I hate those storm elementals too!! The best thing for you to do is to run away from the elementals and defeat the crokodile (that looks like a turtle).. . Storm elementals are non-aggressive type of monsters meaning... that if you don't hit 'em they don't hit back. So, when you spot one, turn off your team's gambits and don't attack them.. . Good luck with your quest. I guess we can defeat them when we level up our characters~~get at least 2 deathbringer.... . http://www.gamespot.com/ps2/rpg/finalfantasy12/show_msgs.html?topic_id=m-1-31530875first of all you want all your characters at the same level. you cant favor one character more than the others because its gonna hurt you in the long run trust me.second use your license points towards your characters augments like battle lore and swiftness and if you have some magik users spend them on channelling and magik lore.and if that don't work go all out and use a mist attack but it will drain all your magik.OK first of all storm elementals are lv 25 so u should be at least a few lvs above them ...then they are easy if u don't use magic... an ice element weapon works well against them... but if ur near their lv or lower and wanna try to take out a storm elemental then u can try to mist chain them... if u have at least 3 or more characters with quickenings then go for it...a mist chain will take care of them nicely ...but u wanna go for at least 6-8 chain... but a quick warning... if the SE(storm elemental) goes aggro then his thundara will hit ur guys for about 1k hp damage ea... . ALSO it should be noted that any use of magic(even cures,etc) around the SE's make them go aggro(become aggressive)... so make sure to turn off all magic gambits if u plan on killing mobs  around them... then u should be safe from the SE's... but as i mentioned earlier if u wanna kill the SE's then go for mist chains... unless ur like lv 30+ then with ice elemental weapons they should be no problem... lower lvs can always try to kill the SE's by staying near the borders and running to another zone if their MQ chain doesnt kill the elemental... u can also cast protect and shell on e1 before approaching the SE's... BEFORE.... . well good luck .... awesome game no? and why do so many nerds complain about the soundtrack on forums... this music is awesome...more like a movie score... i mean i always liked the pop synth FF music but this one ROCKS ^.^Lol  I know its level 25 and I have 3 level 30+s and it can whipe me up. I got all my licence board bonus/augmentations already and the best gear I can equip my chars with. I tried to use magic , melee , ranged attacks. So far I can only cause little damage if any at all and it has no problem quickly making me retreat.  I also need help lol.. . My best grope is Vaan level 39 1h swords , Bal level 33 Guns , and basch level 34 1h swords , and I got a guest in my party that kid forget his name level 35.  Even all 4 of them seem to stand no chance VS a level 25 elemental and I can kill level 37 other enemy's quite easily too.. . I tried every magic I got fire,thunder, ice , areo , and then the ga magics too.  I must be missing something.
HOW TO PLAY WHAT?This is a game that we used to play at the lake when I was a kid.. . Here you go
the ps2 is slightly better than the psp in the graphics department,. but only slightly.... the psp has still got mind shaking graphics for such a small thing... but the ps2 has got better graphics.There is no difference in graphics between the psp and ps2, the only real difference between them is the psp is more convenient because of the fact you can play it anywhere and you can play online if there is a wireless connection in the area.I dont have a PSP but im pretty sure the PS2 is better due to how large it is and how much is in it. Although the PSP has decent graphics.. Note:PS3 is better the both :D
You have to beat the second hades cup.  Once you've beaten it, Hades gives it to you as a prize.go to www.gamefaqs.com, seardch the game, and look very carefully for the fact that u want know.
I just had a look, there is no demo for splinter cell double agent available.. . You could get a torrent client and try downloading the full game, but thats a little bit illegal!Demo is now available!!!  Single player PC demo!  Should be available other places too, other than at fileplanet.
Does this happen when you shake it? If so then apparently some of the water is evaporating. When you shake the snow globe it is shaking air into the water. Causing air bubbles to form on the sides.I believe the glycerin prevents the bubbles.
Go on live and try to play online, it will force you to update your rosters. If it doesn't there's an option in-game to do so.http://www.playb3yond.com/When you go online it will force you to update if an update is available.
The best (easiest to learn) solution out there is published in _The Simple Solution to Rubik's Cube_ by James Nourse.  You probably won't be able to find the solution on the Web due to copyright, but it's highly worth picking up a used copy of the book if you want to hang with those friends." The World May Never Know" lol sorry i dont know.as it says in the directions - just follow the order you are supposed to - red first, then ... / it is fast and easy if you just read the directions (you have to do red first)My ex told me it had to be the cube had a logic combination but that it is very difficult to do. he never did tell me the combination. but you could always look up the logic directions.http://jeays.net/rubiks.htm. . it has detailed solutionsturn it!
I dont know but i find them so ugly and skankily dressed!!!!I had to laugh when I read your question.  My theory is that they have so much hair they need a big head, but they have small bodies so they can compete with Barbie.  My girls age 6 and 9 prefer Bratz over Barbie, soley because of the hair.  :)to take the attention away from their teeny tiny clothing.
a juried show is one where you must submit your crafts to be graded/juried and if they are good enough you can sell at their show.  Nonjuried just means it does not matter how shoddy the work you can still sell it if you find a buyerjess g has it right
buy a book shelf and study good luckYou'll need to read a book from the bookcase.  Click on the bookcase and select 'study mechanical' and keep reading until it reaches Bar 5.
there is no difference but i suggest you get the DS lite as it has been redesigned to make it more ergonomic and as it is the same price then you should definitely get the Nintendo DS litelite is light and better looking.lite, better backlight, lighter in weight, smaller, more sleek, faster charging, and lcd screens. and they are not the same price. lite is 120, regular is 100.the ds lite is lighter in weight and is sleaker and less chunky. if it is the same price get the lite over the regular.ds lite is more sleeker and the screen is brighterThe Nintendo lite has a new design and is a few grammes lighter. There is no difference in the way they play. So it really doesn't matter which one you buy.there is no difference. ds lite might be easier to see the screen but that is just my opinion and i never had a ds before.The clue clue is very much in the name, albeit in an odd American-English type spelling. It's marginally easier to hide from the prying eyes of theft-obsessed immigrants.
You have to make a couple fall in love first and get married, then they will make the baby. There is a cheat code you can find it at.. www.thegn.com/cheat_descp/pc/sims_2_cheat_codes.htmlYou make a man and woman fal in love..click the bed and pres *try for a baby*. . Hope I have helped you. Have a wonderful day!Trying for Baby. Pregnancy does not magically happen, they need to try for a baby. There are three different places Sims can try to get pregnant, they are: the bed, hot tub, and clothing booth. Just because they try for a baby, does not mean that the woman will become pregnant. There is a 60% chance in the bed, 50% chance in the clothing booth (public woohoo), and 25% in the hot tub. . Trying on the Bed. To try for a baby on the bed, you have to have a male and female sim relax on a bed together. The option to 'try for baby' or 'woohoo' will show up. Choose 'try for baby' if you wish your Sim to have a baby. . . If you listen closely after 'trying for baby' you will hear a lullaby afterwards. You can have both relax on the bed and see if the 'try for baby' option shows up. If it doesn't, then your Sim is pregnant.
Thanks for making me laugh. You just made my Thanksgiving. LOLBuy a little metal container and spray paint it gold. Stuff the bottom of the container with some news paper or styrofoam (sp) and for the popcorn look at the top of the bucket, rip up little pieces of news paper and roll them into scrunchy looking balls... use a bit of hot glue and place the little balls all on top and spray paint it gold too......those things are gold right?  lol Anyway who knows how that'll look but its a thought.. . By the way, your avatar of Angelina is HOT :)
the xbox 360 and ps3 will always have great graphics.it's the tv you buy that will make the difference on how everything will look to you.You might even have to buy some cables to make it look even better.no its the processors that make it so great but having a hi def tv will help to further clairy those graphics I have a non hi def tv and its still looked great,minus the 360 blowing up due the manufacuter errorThe PS3 and Xbox 360 both have amazing graphics, but the PS3 is suppoused to be better. The Xbox doesn't compare to the 360 and the PS2 looks like crap compared to it. Hi-def makes it look better, but the Xbox 360 and PS3 will look amazing. The main difference is the games that are on them. The PS3 has more Final Fantasy/Jak and Daxter/other games made more for kids. The Xbox 360 has games like Halo, FEAR, Gears of War,Forza Motorsport,and  Battlefield 2. If you like shooters more the 360 is better, but if you like adventure/kid games the PS3 is bntter.I've connected my 360 to both my hi-def and my regular tv. The graphic differences are noticable, but regular doesn't look horrible. Hi-def just looks a lot better, crisper and less grainy.. . Ps2, even on my high def, the graphics on some games still kill my head to look at. It looks marginally better, but that's about all.. . Anything is going to look better in hi-def, especially if it's formatted to be shown in hi-def. If you go between non hi-def cable and the HD channels the difference is HUGE. It's something I never noticed before getting a HD tv.
An innovation differs from an invention. An invention is an original idea, while innovation is just taking older ideas or inventions and making them better.The dictionary definition of innovation is: being or producing something like nothing done or experienced or created before. Basically, it means new and original.Innovative = Creative. . Creating value out of new ideas, new products, new services or new ways of doing things. . www.scottish-enterprise.com. . Technically, "innovation" is defined merely as "introducing something new." There are no qualifiers of how ground-breaking or world-shattering that something needs to be; only that it needs to be better than what was there before. . http://www.core77.com/
N-gage is a handheld game system similar to gameboy, but it is also a phone. It is made by Nokia and it had somewhat online games. If someone is in range, you can play with them, without even seeing them or talking to them in person. . . A good idea, but not worth getting in my opinion.i have heard nokia n-gage. it is a cell phone that can play games.its a fusion of a phone and a gameboy. It really sucks don't buy it!cell phone that plays video games. i believe its old now maayb 2 yrsit is a cell phone dat is kinda shaped like a game boy advance that u can buy games and put dem in yer n-gage and u can play others
no your ps2 needs a connection to the router or modem to go online. Laptops connect to the router to go online too.i have heard that u can not
try entering them at the pause menu, during gameplay, or the menu where it says "press start".also go to the webpage for the nintendo or playstation they have the codes for the whole game and the scematics and pages to scroll down and find objects and or enemies  nintendo europes one of the best for codes and cheats
pwn is an intentional misspelling of OWN.. as in I OWN YOU!! It means they think they did really good and won something against someone. they're tards for saying it.Actually, the word is pronounced pown, I believe.  It used to be I would "own" you, meaning I would beat you at something, but pwn was such a common typo that it is now used instead.  They mean the same thing.it was a miss spell in warcraft called you got pwn it means owned like i beat you or you got your a** kickedPronounced as powned, it means you got owned.  You were basically annihilated by your opponent.
U CAN VISIT WWW.HYDRAULICSUPERMARKET.COMIt's a lot of fun, unfortunately i don't know how it works!!The hydraulic actuator is a cylinder with a piston inside which is attatched to a rod which sticks out of the end of the actuator.. Basically a separte valve sends hydraulic fluid(oil) to the inside of one end of the actuator to move the piston up or down, this causes the parts attatched to the actuator to move.. Both top and bottom of a hydraulic actuator(cylinder) have a hole where a hose is attatched and the fluid is pumped in under very high pressure, this is attatched to the valve and the pump which pressurises the oil for making movement possible.
hi!. . ? Game Theory (the economic study of Game Theory (the economic study of competitive situations involving rules, competitive situations involving rules, strategies, and players) strategies, and players). . ? Theories of Play (psychological, pedagogical Theories of Play (psychological, pedagogical etc. studies) etc. studies). . ? Game Culture (why gaming?; what is the Game Culture (why gaming?; what is the role of games in contemporary culture?) role of games in contemporary culture?). . ? Ludology: the need for ” own” concepts; Ludology: the need for ” own” concepts; especially when liberated from The especially when liberated from The Humanities Humanities. . thse links will give sufficient information. http://www.imada.sdu.dk/~rolf/Edu/DM80/E05/Slides/ludology-bkw.pdf. http://www.ludology.org/article.php?story=200304021240471. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LudologyMaybe this. "Video game studies (Ludology) is the still-young field of analyzing video games from a social science or humanities perspective."
I have a 360 and this always seems to happen for my same game. It even did the same stuff on '06 frequently. This always happens in Madden and NCAA. It could just be EA servers.I have need for speed carbon for my psp and that happens a lot for me too. I think this is probably normal and nothing you should worry about probably ur opponet has a bad connection or something.
they have to be well and in a good mood. send them to work during the time that it allowsyou have to click on the car and clcik go to work.   If they still don't want to.  Then go into options and turn free will off.  Then they have to go to work.  lolOnly if you choose to get the newspaper and accept a job or go on a computer and search one, or the Sim got fired and the job was lost. These are the only three solutions to your question. P.S They may even be depressed and he/she doesn't want to search the newspaper.Well if they are in a really bad mood then you cannot do anything to make them go to work. They just will not listen if they are in a terrible mood.
The option is in the Wii menu system itself. Once you ave opened any channel press home and than select something like Remote settings at the bottom of that menu. You will there have volume settings.you just press the home button and volume down the controller
That happens after continuous game play. Has something to do with the lighting and graphics I believe. After playing Bloodrayne I use to get burning in my eyes and dizzy spells.Pretty much everything said above. Your eyes get dry due to no blinking, concentrating on one thing, ect. I'm tired of people comming through saying "quit playing games. get a girlfriend" that is not productive and just uncalled for.i dont know why but here are a few tips to help that:. . 1. turn the refresh rate of you game and monitor up all of the way, especially the monitor. 2. Get an LCD monitor, these aree less taxing on you eyes for some reasonmy eyes burn if i play PC games too much.  maybe you're staring wide-eyed at the screen and not blinking enough.i agree with snow surfer. . you need to get away from your video gamesThe cause is that you play too much, go outside do something productive get a girlfriendyou should take some time off playing video games....thats what causing the eye burn !I had this problem along with really bad headaches that I attributed to caffeine withdrawal/sinus issues/  various other things that give me headaches. My best friend made me go to the eye docotor and get an eye exam. Turns out I have an astygmatism. I needed glasses and the problem went away.the brightness of the screen causes it. use some visine. either that or someone is throwing sand in your eyes while you play.I think it's because when you play video games, you tend to blink less and you're just staring at one spot.  so, not only are your eyes drying out, but they're getting stiff just staying in the same position (kind of like when you get up from playing your video games and your legs are all sore from not moving).this seems to be my problem too at first but goes away i'm curious also to why this happensUm...maybe its because you dont blink?U KEEP UR EYES OPEN FOR TOOOO LONG..IT HAPPENS 2 MEcould it be that you were playing for a long timeumm maybe ur playin for a long time and ur eyes are tired or maybe u have glasses and ur not using them. i think that staring at a screen for a long time strains ur eyes so take a break and u'll feel better i hope lolYou get dry eyes because you don't blink enough while watching the screen.  You can buy liquid tears at the drug store to fix it, or you can just blink.  Have fun!
Black, X, D-Pad Up, D-Pad Down, D-Pad Right, A. . I have The Sims 2 for PS2 and I have found that the more expensive the fridge the more food options in it.All recipes unlocked:. Enable the Cheat Trophy code, then press Black, X, Up, Down, Right, A during game play.
Okay I play runescape sometimes and I am lvl 19 but I do have alot of money lets see 200k or more I can't remember. The way I got it was by going to the farm outside of lumbridge and kill the chickens and then pick up the feathers and sell them to ppl who need them for about 5 dollars each.hey can u donate me a account that is unwanted from u? my email is shauryavaidya@yahoo.com oh yea u can go to karagama and do the banana job or quests or make the armour u could and sell i love money  too $-)Try asking people if they would like to buy rune essence.  My brother got asked for 15 thousand of them.  So he mined alot and got 100k out of it.
on a ps2? i dont think it can be done... theres no online games so there isnt much point...You need broadband internet, a ps2 ethernet adapter, and an online game. Ah, and you need to register with sony which is free.
If you are playing madden 2007 on a 360 there have been some cases where the game actually fries the hard drive of the console. EA has also been having problems programming for the new console.YEh DSL tends to be slower than cable, cable averages around 6 mb/s download, if your dsl is at 256kb/s then you are at a fraction of the speed of the average Cable user. I suggest you upgrade you DSL service to a higher speed if they offer it, or switch to cable.
http://www.wrongway.org/cube/solve.html. . Just input the colours as they are on your cube and this will tell you how to get it back, yes its cheating but who cares?buy one that is completedHaven't done one in a long time, but from what I remember you need to figure out the specific sequence of twists to get a block in the right place.. . Wish I could be more specific but thats all there really is to a rubix cube, finding the correct sequence.ok first chose a colour ,say green for example.This will be your top face.Start by completing this side making sure all the colours match the next side,so all the green and whites are on the side with white in the centre,green and red on the side with red in the centre and so on.This will give you one complete (green side) and the top rows of all the other sides (except the bottom one) in the right place.next you need to complete the middle rows.Do this by finding the correct piece turning it one rotation away from where it should be,then move the left column down one,rotate the bottom row once to the left,left column up once,bottom row right once,right column down once,bottom column left once, right column up once.When you have repeated this with all the middle row edge pieces you should have your top (green) face and the top two rows of each side.Next you have to get all the bottom corner pieces in the right place but not neccessarily the right way around.They might already be in the right places if you are lucky, if not this move swaps them over.You must do this on the side you want to stay the same, so if you want to swap the 2 right hand corners then you do it on the left corners and vice-versa.so i will do it on the right hand side to swap the left.right hand column down 1 ,bottom round 2clockwise,right up1,bottom round 2,front face clockwise 1,bottom round 2clockwise,front face anti clockwise 1.bottom round 2 clockwise, left hand column down once,,bottom once anti clockwise 1, left hand up 1,bottom anticlockwise 1,right hand column down 1,bottom clockwise 1,right hand column up1.next you need to rotate the bottom corners to complete all the sides (except the bottom).looking at the bottom there should be one corner the corret colour in the right place.put this corner on the right at the back of the cube.then repeat this move until all the corners have rotated correctly.right hand column down 1,bottom clockwise 2,right hand column up 1,bottom clockwise1, right hand down 1,bottom clockwise 1,right hand up 1.Now you should be left with just the centre piece of each bottom row to rotate.There are a few different movews to do this depending on which blocks need moving.you need to move both edge columns up once then move the bottom row round once, edge columns back down, bottom row round 1.Keep doing this,but vary between one and two turns for the bottom row.I know this sounds really complicated, i have been doing my cube as i have been writing this to make it as clear as possible.Basically start at the top and work your way down through the rows.I hope this helps you!. JUST TO LET YOU KNOW...IN RESPONSE TO YOUR COMMENTS ABOVE, I DIDN'T GET THIS FROM ANY WEBSITE,THIS IS HOW I DO IT MYSELF AND HAVE DONE FOR YEARS.IT TOOK ME AGES TO WRITE IT ALL DOWN FOR YOU,ITS REALLY HARD TO DESCRIBE THE MOVES WITHOUT BEING ABLE TO SHOW YOU OR DRAW A PICTURE.YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW ANNOYED I AM THAT THE PERSON BELOW HAS JUST COPIED MY ANSWER.And now someone else has done it too.And why have i been given two thumbs down when i spent over an hour writing this all down and breaking down the moves for you.I was genuinely trying to help by answering the question but now i wish i hadn't bothered and i had kept my solution to myself.And it is my own solution by the way, look on as many sites as you like,you wont find this solution, this one is 100% my own.Dont mess it up in the first place!!!!just kep fiddling with iti could never do itTake a look here.. . http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/How_to_solve_the_Rubik%27s_Cubepeel the stickers off and stick them back on the right way simple ;)I`m waiting for the correct answer. Then we all will know.i have solved tens of rubix but each time by tring i dont know if there is a mathmatical way ....go to googleStep 1 - Build a 2x2x2 corner . Step 2 - Expand to 2x2x3 . Step 3 - Twist the edges --- 2, 4 or 6 bad edges . Step 4 - Finish 2 layers --- Step 4b tricks . Step 5 - Position the corners --- Complete Step 5+6 index . Step 6 - Twist the corners --- Complete Step 6+7 index . Step 7 - Position the edges . . . haha.. watch beauty and the geek.. the geek guy solved the rubix cube in like 10 seconds tops.. with his eyes closed
there's a whole range of things that could be going on.. 1. it could be your game discs... try them in another computer to see if your games keep crashing. 2. if you're playing on the internet it could be your connection acting up.. 3. you may have to get upgraded memory and video cards b/c your computer's current cards may not be able to handle the gamesProbably memory.  If you have all those games loaded at once, it would be no wonder.  For battle.net support issues go to their chat channel 'Blizzard Tech Support' or e-mail b-net through their website.  I don't know if WoW has bugs but D2 should be running fine, unless you are on dial up (even with dial up it shouldn't freeze, maybe just some major lag.)  Make sure to empty your temporary internet files and what not often too.The only thing it could be is that your computer does not have enough memory to hold all of hte games and files your triyin to put on it. if you have any computer games downloaded that you dont play delete them off of your computer.there is a problem going around with wow but they are working on it do not worry.
ughhh....the bank duh!Either go a shop, which will have a little pot & flour icon on it in the map, or go to someone and right click them, selecting the "Trade with so & so". Keep in mind, not everyone likes people coming up to them offering raw anchovies, a bucket, and 3 coins. Know what you want and how much it is before starting a trade.Right click on a person and trade with them. They may decline yor offer if it is worthless junk. People in Varrock next to the banks on popular worlds like 1-3, 5 etc., will trade runite or higher ranking items. . . You can right click on a storekeeper and sell items to themm if they are the correct store. The more popular the world, the less money you get.The general store, or just some randome dude, LOL.. =DThere ae 2 ways to do this. You could either sell an item to a shop or sell it to a person, usually at a bank.right click and say trade then the trade window will come up. nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooobTo buy and sell you want to go to shop, they'll have little icons on them and you click a NPC and select 'Trading Goods' or something then a window pops up with thing for sell, you can sell things by click on items in your inventory and hitting sell. Though if you're selling you want to do it as a trade with another player because you're likely to get more coins that way.
If your cat is still in kitten form, it won't work.  Kittens are too weak to kill rats.  You have to wait till it's in cat or Overgrown-cat form.just keep on trying
GOD!ok dude all those answers dont matter listen to me God created the heavens and the Earth and created you and me. . read a Bible. . it will change your lifeWell, you can believe that a Big Bang happened out of nothing?  (Then where did the nothing come from?). and that everything happened to form a sun, happened to have gas and materials form into a planet. Happened to have it at the perfect angle, the perfect distance from the sun, the perfect tilt, the perfect moon, the perfect rotation, the perfect design of water, tectonic plates, land.  And that by chance matter happened to come together and evolve into a goo by chance and turned into organisms by chance and turned into fish and reptiles and animals by chance and formed brains and nerves and blood and immune systems by chance and plants evolved by chance to form food which by chance sustains us and by chance humans evolved from an ape and we have all that we know today by a freak chance.  And when we die we'll just rot into nothing and know nothing because we are nothing more than decayed matter.. . Or, you can believe that we were created by the Almighty God, who formed and shaped the world and everything in it, and created us in his own image to have dominion over the earth and the animals and birds of the air.  And that he loves us and cares for us and that if we believe in him he will take us into heaven which is a far better place that he created where we will always be happy and rejoice and there will be no pain or tears.  Believe what you will.This is truly a difficult and much involved question. I'm going to try a quick explanation and then leave you with an incredible resource that gives the facts in an updated version adjusted for laymen. Essentially the entire universe was in fact extremely compact at one point. Some type of event, often termed the "Big Bang", created a chain reaction that in a fraction of a second created the majority of the mass of the universe. Hydrogen, Helium, and Lithium were produced in vast quantities at this moment. During the aging of our universe, stars synthesized and created the remaining elements. Our world, Earth, began as dust released in these early stages and slowly coagulated to what we have now. I have skipped many important and large steps and you must keep in mind this process took the better part of 13 billion years. Check out the sources below and read the book if you have a chance.Artists make the sketches and programmers program the artist's world into the game.it was made by the people who made blitzkrieg.and thats why christopher columbus fell off the flat plain of the earth.Nobody knows that, some say God, some say other things, what the biggest estimate is is that after the creation of the universe, all the rock matter got so compacted together that it exploded (Big Bang Theory) and created several planets. The Earth used to be extremely hot and incapable of life but after awhile we had like a billion year rain that filled the oceans and gave life which in turn created photosynthesis and made oxygen and life.Look up the big bang theory.No.one know all interpretations are theories .But messengers say God !This is the theory, after the big bang, gas clouds condensed to form stars (ie suns) and planets. So the earth was once just a big dust cloud that formed into a rock.In the book of Genesis Ch.1 it talks about how God created heaven and earth. So i would say God was the one who made this world. I agree read the Bible it will change your life and give u a better understanding of many things.There is no right, provable answer to this just hypotheses. sorry. But u can believe whatever.
You would need the original one. The code is encrypted on the disk.IT WOULD BE ILLEGAL TO SAY!!!!!! thats the truthWhen you register your game with EA games, they'll keep the information for you on their server. Just log in (and if you forget your login, they'll email it to you) and look it up. So always register your game! This way you have a back up in case you lose the CD case! . . If you didn't bother to register and you threw out the CD case, you can write to EA games and buy a new serial number for $10. But to do that, you must send them either the proof of purchase from the manual, or the game disk. That's a lot to go through, so REGISTER YOUR GAME.Sorry but u can not get one. Because the cd goes with the one in the pack.
Czech glass is made in the Czech Republic (or that area). There's a long tradition of glassmaking in the area, and they have a reputation for making very fine glass and crystal. Czech beads aren't just one style - they may be faceted and polished, pressed, or lampwork. Any glass maker can create beads using the same techniques, but that doesn't make it Czech glass.Czech glass is as good as any made, including Swarovski in beads...the difference is in the type of bead, not where it comes from. TC or MC beads are all cut, faceted, and machine polished..very high end beads. TC beads are made by both Czech Preciosa and Swarovski in many, many shapes.. Fire polished beads are cast beads and submitted to high temps to soften the casting marks...these are cheap beads. If you need further clarification of beads, go to rhinestoneguy.com for full details of crystal, beads, jewels, etc.i think the difference is the process that they're made using and they differ in the cost by the size and possibly the color.Czech beads are usually higher quality than most beads, and frequently have a better selection of colors.  The only thing I've seen nicer (short of semi-precious and precious stones) is Swarovski crystal.  Most of your regular beads are made in China (they're okay) or India (most of these are crap--you can usually tell them apart in craft stores because the bags have bead seperator dust all over the inside).
You have to buy the stuffed animal. The code comes with the animal, then you can play online.The codes cost $10.00. They are only good for 1 year. And they have a lot of choices with what stuffed animal to get. If they were cheaper and/or if the code was good for, forever I would get 1 or more.
Sorry but I dont have the answer :(.  But I was wondering that too. I have sims 2 on gamecube and they never ask to have a baby.. If they made it without that option then I think they made a big boo boo. . Sorry that I couldn't aswer that question for you. but if you find out can you let me know? I would appreciate thatYou have to have the relationship very high to do that!. Then cuddle and then click Try for a baby.Make sure theyre in love and make them have sex.you see it when they're in bed..lolYou have to get them both into a good mood. Then you pick one to realax in the bed . Then have the other one join int the bed. Finally once they both are in bed together it will give you the option to "Try for Baby" or the option to "WooHoo"First you must be in good mood.if you have the sims 2 nightlife or university or open for business or higher expantion pack ,to be in good mood you can use cheat : First press Ctrl + Shift + C. then enter "maxmotives" whitout "" and  then press enter key.Now your moods are full.(you can use  this cheat again when your sims moods are empty).anyway take your sims to be relax on the double bed or sit in the car or in hub now the Try for baby will be appear and you must do it three or four times to be pregnant.if want to know more about The sims 2 collection or cheats about it mail me."Hitvocalist@yahoo.com"do they even have a relationship??. just look it over, its always there!. does it even say "woohoo"??sims 2 for the comp or sims 2 for the ps2 or xbox? i know for the ps2 and xbox you cant have kids.U can use a cheat actually to have a baby without going on the bed.... . . . U have 2 activate a code and press on the mailbox n an option comes out sayin "Get pregnant to". . . . Or either ur lady is pregnant already
as you make the outer wear of the costume leave room for room for balloons underneath. this will make you create any.if you go to your nearest joannes fabric store they have all sorts of paterns for everything . Just ask one of the clerks to help you. good luck and god bless and happy holidays.
u got only two options the tournament or the wooden kinds only.I don't see any way.  All I can do is choose "Wooden Board" or "Tournament Board"
well if you play a game with no time limit. Just walk away for hours and it might piss the other person off enough to resign. This is really low though, you must not be that good at games.when show up on screen  cancel or force forfeit
When weighing teh advantages against the bad effects, the latter score more. They can rob children of their precious study time, though it is mainly for fun only. Children loose physical activity which is very essentail for healthy life.having funI would like to extend this question to PC gaming. These games help people think out of the box. They increase their potential of concentrating on things. They learn new stuff like ..diff. geographical places..new theories of different kind. About history of various world class events. . The winnig also induces self confidence in them along with releiving them from stress of day to day life and takes them intoa new world where  they can chage things.. . But the problem arises if you get addicted. So a balance needs to be kept all the time.I really don't see any.  You can relax and have fun in healthier ways than staring at a television or computer.It distracts and entertains. Kids are safer playing video games inside rather than being on the streets. For adults it distracts them from their daily routine!It sharpens your reflexes, and instant decision making ( decide within a second whether to go left or right? etc.)  And enhances  manual dexterity.I play video games because I want to, not because I have to. However, with these two games there are time - dependent obligations that must be fulfilled.  Read moreoh that's easy. hand eye coordination.some video games require a dual stick movement to move the character... one to move his body, and the other to move his head.. this is hard for me.. he he.. but thats a great way to teach direction and eye hand skills.. also fast paced games really teach how to react in fast situations... not all games are great, but there are a ton of strategy games eg. tetris... old school but yes it is strategic... also the missions are like puzzles and being able to figure them out are rewarding.... video games arent as bad as people make them out to beTheres no advantage in playing video games. it damages our  eyesight!It's...uh...fun.. . And you get to meet new people, and learn.. . And blow !@$& up.it relaxes you and you have a lot of fun!Video games can help u to improve ur concentration and on the minute decision making abilities. Think about it urself.it help them relax and releases some anger
Pre-release means the game is not out yet so it is a PRE-release. You can pre-order these games and get them when they releaseMeans that it is to be released on the date that they have beside it.
Ive sent you a beginners website on the basics.  This should help a lot.http://www.piece-by-piece.net/Patterns/fp45.htm. . here is a simple hat pattern, you have to make a small chain and join it into a circle, then start your double crochet in the circle. Try it, it gets easier as you goAre you aware of the Google and Yahoo search engines ? You type in "free crochet hat patterns", and you should be getting what you need. It is very easy. You start with a chain, and conect it in a circle and then develop the patterns. Find the simplest hat there is for the first one, a child's hat will make it even faster soon you will not be a novice at crocheting any more. The patterns are often marked, easy, medium and advanced . Have fun it is my favorite passtime. You are welcome, Happy Thanksgiving
You have been banned; ... One of two things happened ... you got booted ... or ... disconnected and logged in again right away and the new program technology GLITCHED ... Or ... you violated Yahoo Terms Of Servic and Yahoo's new programming to catch spammers, people running booter programs, or scroller programs, banned you.  Wait about 5 minutes before logging back in to avoid this happening. Also do not hop  from table to table or lounge to lounge more then 1-2 times in a 10 minute periodIf you're in the USA, your site might have left the market. Any of these will take your custom! http://www.church-of-texas-holdem.com/usa-friendly-poker-sites.html
Crimp beads are used for making jewerly. They are used  on the wire to hold the clasp and the jewerly piece together. You put a crimp bead on the wire and then thread the wire through the clasp and back through the crimp bead and take pliers and mash it flatWhat is the tool called i have never seen one of them mine are all just flatAnd there is a tool you can buy to crimp with, it makes the crimp bead round, instead of flat.. Crimp beads come in diferent sizes, to accomodate different sizes of wires and beads, and they come in gold and silver colors.
You could try mold release spray offered at Dick Blicks. ..www.dickblick.com.Yup petroleum jelly will work. So will cooking spray. As long as you do not have any undercuts (places were the plaster will catch when being pulled out) a thin layer of Crisco even should work.
in order to preserve your photos it is best to use acid free tape/glue   and acid free album sheets. Otherwise, over the years, the colours will start to change.after a period of time the glue will yellow which sometimes bleeds through to the photoThey have this thing. I think it is called a brain. Do you have one? Peace.i don't know. lol. i never tried...but i would guess that it would work.you can just dont put too much or the picture will get really sticky and the picture will have a rough feeling to it.
Hypnotism is not something you can learn overnight.  Even psyciatrists need years of learning to do it correctly.  Be very skeptical of anyone who tries to tell you otherwise.There'sa new Dummies book out about Hypnotherapy. You can also get numerous books which teach you how to do it.
After a quick check with my friend, the answer is yes, and no. It depends on the router and your internet provider. Check with your provider if they support it.yes you can I believe but you need the Xbox wireless net card which was around $99 last time I checked I believe, also they can be found at almost any gaming store
Cross stitching is time consuming, counting the stitches, positioning correctly and the constant change of colours (and thats before you master the best way to finish neatly on the back of the design) Yet as you go further on it, you can see the deisgn developing., and isnt great once youve finished your first big one? To stand back and look at it and say ' Hey - I did that!' How rewarding!ONLY three days?  Wow - I've got one on the go here that my dd started and I'm finishing.  We take turns working on it when the mood hits us,...... it's been about 4 1/2 yrs now.   It measures 24 x 18" and on cloth that has (I think) 24 or 22 stitches per inch.. . It teaches us patience  LOL and the beauty of work well done.. . For those that don't find it relaxing - find a different hobby that DOES relax you - I don't find bee-keeping at all relaxing, but some people do......  to each their own!Wow!! three days is great!!  I have been doing cross stitch for at least 10 years.  The smaller the aida cloth, the harder the pattern, and therefore more time consuming and more color changing.  I once did a pattern that took 1 year to complete!!  But the outcome was definitely worth it.  Have fun!Well, you have to count the stitches, you are trying to color this type of picture with colored thread by doing little bitty x's (That right there takes forever. . . It is just very time consuming because you are creating this drawing by using little little stitches and having to count each one of them.Well when I do a cross stitch project it depends on if I really like it. If I do I get it done relatively fast. If I am not It takes awhile.. . Hey I have been working on one piece for 2 yrs now. However I am almost done with it. Its not  how fast you go, Its all in the quality of work! . . I have some friends that also stitch we get together once a week and stitch for a few hours. Its very relaxing and we have a good time.that can't be that big unless you have been doing nothing else for 3 days.. . I had once once, bout A3 size and I did it on and off for about 2 flippin years! I gave it to my sis in law in the end cos I couldn't bear it sitting there stressing me out. . . These hobbies are sposed to relax you arent they?most of my projects take about 2 years to complete.  Needlepointing is a bit quicker.It depends on what it is I am doing. The one I am working on at the moment is a country companions one. Its got so much to it, its already taken me a month and I have only done a small part of it.. The little ones I can do in a couple of days, the bigger ones take me ages, but it depends on how much time I have to work on them. I used to work long boring night shifts and could have one finished in a couple of weeks of these.That is not a bad time. I have projects that I have been working on for several months. It all depends on how much time a day you devote to it. The amount of color changes and if you have fractional stitches. I know from experience of stitching the Pooh patterns they have fractional stitches color changes and a lot of backstitching. Just keep working at it your will be very pleased when you are finished.3 days is nothing in cross stitch time!. you will get faster with practice.. good luckyou clearly lead an exciting life
You can't.   Oh sure, you can get a two week free trial if they happen to be offering one right now, but that's it.  Take it as a lesson in checking into things a bit better before actually buying them.  Personally, it's well worth your $15 a month, but you may  have a different opinion.Caveat Emptor.  Anyone that buys a (fairly well-known I might add) MMORPG and doesn't realize there's a monthly fee; or is not sure what the game is and doesn't READ THE BOX WHERE IT SAYS MONTHLY FEE deserves what they get.  A fool and his money are soon parted.
That usually happens when you've downloaded something that Maxis didn't create, and it doesn't work with pets. Your walls might be flashing because you downloaded a custom wallpaper that doesn't work with the new requirements. Try changing the wallpaper.That acually sounds cool, it's like flashing neon walls
down for issues. They do this once every couple of months. Suprised it is a Tuesday it is normallly Weds when the badges come out and server is overloadedhaving issues... it was also down on Sunday... darn them pogo people anyway...LOL
It is better then the first with more songs and more unlockables. It is truly a gift from the gaming gods. Most defiantly one of the most "Must Own Games" of 2006Better animations, Cooperative mode, Play the Bass or Guitar part, each player can choose a different difficulty level in head to head, Wickedbadassawesomespectaculariffic soundtrack, Encores, New screen graphics, Actual sponsors and artist collaboration, ummm.... it's worth it man! Juss do it!it is not cool at all. it does a poor job of simulating playing guitar.
i have exactly the same problem . It's so frustratingNot enough info to really let us know. Maybe your computer just sucks.
i  playing it right now   all i know is giviona (the team rocket boss)is the gym leadert and u have 2 deafet him and then he goes there.Play through the game.  After you get the seventh badge, the last gym will be open.Gamefaqs.com
You have to do more than play games. You can find codestones or dubloons, and take them to the training centers to raise their levels. Sorry, but this is the only guaranteed way to raise a level.Yeah you need to go to the Training Center to level up. Or you can try using bottled faeries, and I think the Secret Lab Map has been known to level up on occasion.. Don't forget you need codestons for the Training Center.
In the controller you can turn your Xbox on and off, maybe something is hitting it. It shouldn't do it by itself.no, maybe someone is hacking into ur desktop computer and is able to access ur router and then turn on anything that is connected to the internet. i suggest u have someone check that out before u go and put and personal information on line like ebayIts probably malfunctioningI Have a Friend Who Has The Orginal X-Box. Here Is How It Works. The Settings Part Of Your Xbox 360 Mainframe Has A Feature Called Auto Turn on. (Or What ever It's Called) If You Have It Set that Way It Will Turn On By Itself If You Have Connected To X-Box Live I May Be Downloading Patches For The Games You Own.
i use a wireless broadband router. not sure though if that works for DSL but if you have a modem mostlikely it will work. the router hooks up to the modem which then creates a wireless network basically that you can access throughout your home. wherever you go to get one just ask if it works with DSL cause im not sure.go to the following link,  hope this helps. . http://www.qwkslva.com/FunStuff/XBox/Wireless_FAQ/wireless_faq.html
first and foremost-know the rules of the game and play at local levels such as with freinds,family ,club members etc.try to enter into as many competitions as you can because this is one game where you can learn the various styles of attack and defense from players at all levels.winning or losing is not of prime importance-what is important is the post match analysis-how you won or where the turning point of the match was.try to analyse each match,get a freind to help you.keep records of all games ,go back and replay them.. . finally, a lot of books provide you with chess theory-these can be helpful only if you are thorough with the basics.. . best of luck!Play alot of chess and maybe you will have a chance of becoming a grandmaster.Play Chess well.By playing chess & concerntrating on a aim to win & don't forget ur aim also that is to play chess well, but most of all practice a lotCelibacy. Of course, if your goal in life is to become a Chess Grandmaster, you've probably already got that skill.You will need a lot of natural talent, lots of studying, play a lot of games, and probably a chess teacher. Oh yeah, one more thing : you have to want it MORE THAN ANYTHING ELSE IN THE WORLD !Practice, Practice,Practice
ctrl+shift+c to bring up cheat dialogue box. boolprop testingcheatsenabled true. . click on a sims, and spawn a sims tester cheat item in the shape of a ships**.. . click on the baby, max all your talents kekekekeke or u can do it the hard way, have them do stuffs relating to the talent badges you want them to earn.. . edited: i mispell the cheat code, should have an S, now its correct.. ** a ship not a baby sorry.Make sure your sim has high skill levels, certain skills boost the ability to earn talent badges. Get your sim to do things like give makeovers to earn talent badges in that area. or make them work at the till. if make them do these actions for long enough they will earn talent badges.
Ok you need to be need be near a computer, other wise, you need to buy a game router, that will connect to a wireless router, that will give you online access. Linksys (a wireless router company) is the way to go.You either need a USB cable or a phone cable depending on your internet...if its AOL or dial up you need a phone cable...Then you just take the cable and plug it into the back of the ps2.  If you have AOL/Dialup then you may be charged by your phone company so dont hook it up without talking to them...when creating your settings just have everything on auto/manual.
im not sure but to find out a great place is www.gamefaqs.com. this is by far one of the best game walkthrough sites ever made.My experience is your gonna fight the a monster each time, but to get through it the quickest, see which ones have a "green" light at the base of each tower. Three of them have green, three have red. Do the green ones and you'll only have to do three monsters(be prepared for the boss monster you face after that-he only uses magical attacks, even though he appears to his you he does no damage) You don't have to do all 6 towers.. . Hope this helps!
i think you can play final fantasy online and the sims 2 ( and any other sims games)Killzone is a good on. Time splitters 3 was until people started game sharking and made it impossible to compete. Need for Speed underground 1 & 2 are both cool racers.. TS3 you can actually play 4 people on the same console online or off.. There are hundreds of online games, it just depends on what you like.i dont think there is any but there're some in ''miniclips.com''or ''miniclip.com'' there is like everything, but i dont think it looks like playstation2 games just try it
In this game, you are allowed to capture all 386 pokemon. But! there are ... 3 maybe more pokemon that are not in this game. Bonsly, pre form of sudowoodo, Mime Jr., pre of Mr Mime,  and of course Munchlaxyou can't ever catch him for your team.  you can never play as him.  he's a fourth generation pokemon.. . i believe you can get a statue of him, but besides that, the only thing you can do is get short scenes of him in the town square, like the scene where he drops apples, and thinks that you picked one of his apples up
I don't know for Full Tilt, but my favorite sites have lots of free rolls.  One of them has $10,000 guaranteed weekly and the other has tournaments to win seats to WSOP, WPT, and EPT international events!  You can check out reviews of these sites, get free poker tips, articles, tools, and more at http://gamblingreviewssite.com/pokertipsyou only can if you have full tilt points, u can only get points in cash games. the cheapest is only 300 points so you wouldnt have to play that high of a limit or for long to get 300 points. i have 38000 points, i have a problem :-)
One of two things happened ... you got booted ... or ... disconnected and logged in again right away and the new program technology GLITCHED ... Or ... you violated Yahoo Terms Of Servic and Yahoo's new programming to catch spammers, people running booter programs, or scroller programs, banned you.  Wait about 5 minutes before logging back in to avoid this happening.It's discrimination.  They just love to ban people fo no reason it happens to me all the time.
You cant. because you sound like a spoiled brat, your lucky if you get a pair of socksTry not to get in trouble, and do nice things you wouldn't usually do.get a jobShow them www.amazon.com on thanksgiving day because it will be 1/3 the price. But be fast, there is only 1000!To convince, you should:. . 1) Show them screenshots of Oblivion and Gears of War. 2) Show them the 4 1/2 star reviews of Oblivion and Gears of War from Amazon. 3) Apologize to your parents for calling them stingy, cheap, aholes. 4) If you're lucky, your parents will share their 360 with you during the x-mas break!lets see, i know!. tell them that it'll be best in the future that if they buy it now, they wont have to buy any other system in the future n' that when you grow up n' get mature, the games will be right for you. n' that you wont get so boredI had the same problem... I just told my mom that is half the freakin price of the PS3. And 5x better then the Wii... Also told her the specs, features, etc. She agreed but as a 14yr old like myself will I changed my mind about getting it... But yeaBreak your leg, so that you are stuck inside for a long time and you can fullly annoy them. Then they will be forced to buy to one.well, try and show them price's of the xbox, and show them the one you want, then tell them how you'll work around the house, and anything else they, and that you wont ask them for anything else. coz, that will be all you need-Straight A's. -Dont talk about them being cheap assholes. -Be nice. -Sweet talk. -Be academically appealing to your parents untill christmas comes. . You may want to get the Wii its cheaper and your parents can enjoy some of the games too. Zelda and some other serious games for it get really fun, the controllers are really cool.Well, I think the most sensible course of action here would be to physically threaten them.. . Or not. It's $300, get over it. If you want it that badly, start mowing lawns.Get A's in academic subjects?. . Well, my parents would never spend $300 on a christmas gift just for me.
play the games they give you the most average points (100-400) neopointsooo ooo ooo there are three ways you can open a shop people would buy stuff,play neogames,or you can explore around and find some.you need to play the games on neopets. the higher the difficulty of the game and the higher your game score, the more points(money) you earn. you need these points to buy food to keep your pets alive.Do all the shrines and free things then play all the easy games that give you a resonable amount of neo points and don't forget to put it all in the bank so your intrast will build up. it took me about 2 weeks and i ended up with 90,000 neopoints. look me up at'' fabianndana"Play neogames,make a shop.. . Neogames is on the sidebar at the neopets site.. . To make a shop,you have to pay 250 nps or something like that but then you can sell stuff
The rasengan is the technique of the 4th Hokage , it'll better than Chidori of the Sharingan user Kakashi. Correct isn't it ?if you saw the episode (number?) where naruto and sosuke fought on the roof top and kakashi stopped them by grabbing there hands and thrusting them in to the water containers/silos chidori just damages the front highly but none behind and rasengan damages the front lowly but does super damage to the back..hope that helps : )
Laying flat on the ground, pull your chest upward while using your feet and hands to push yourself upward also. When succeeded only the center of you body should be in the air and your hands and feet on the ground still with your head towards the ground but looking outward. If you can do a normal backbend by standing up and then just leaning back and putting your hands on the ground, it shouldnt be hard to do one laying down. Hope this helps.It's also called a bridge.  Find any little girl and she'll show you how...
Dffinatl go to www.totse.com it has EVRYTHING and i mean everythingcredit cardTake a pair of scissors, separate a strand of hair (preferably curly)  and cut it off.  . You just picked a lock.
if you look under the browser it will say "pop-ups blocked click here to temporally allow from this site". . . ~~~~~hope that helps ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Use the Yahoo Toolbar and disable the Pop Up blockerDepends on what browser you use. I use netscape and you go:. tools --> pop-up manager --> allow pop-ups from this site. . should be similar for other browsers. Play around a bit, or go find a user's guide for your browser.you dont have to you can hold the ctrl ( control ) button while you clikc the room or game
As they already answered, D&D is a Role Playing Game, which means the players "act" as a character. There are two kind of players: . 1.- Players Characters (PCs), who play as a character;. 2.- Dungeon Master (DM), who leads the game, pltting the story and telling what is happening.. You really don't need anything to play a RPG, but your imagination.. D&D's world is very like Lord of the Ring and have a very specific rules for PCs and DM and are written on the Players Handbook and the Dungeon Master Guide, each. . . The DM plots the story as a guideline, but every player can decide what to do and so everybody helps to write the whole adventure.. . As a PC you can play a fighter, a rogue, a cleric or a mage. Every of these classes has subclasses. All the players form an adventure party and has to fullfill a mission. On their way they can find several problems and monsters (so, another book is required: the Monsters Compendium).. . It's a very good game because, with your imagination, can take you to another fantastic world where you can "be" a heroe, or do magic or fight with dragons or evil forces.Books, rules and dice. . It is a role-playing game and it is like Lord of the Rings in context.. . I have played it many years ago and you can enjoy it if you have a very good Dungeon Master - the person who is like a referee and story teller combined.Dungeons and Dragons is a roleplaying fantasy game played with figures, dice, and a battlemat.  . . It consists of three books:  the Player's Handbook, Dungeon Master's Guide, and Monster Manual.. . The Player's Handbook contains all of the rules, including how to create a character and how the combat system works.. . The Dungeon Master's Guide contains the rules as a Game Master (who is essentially the "narrator" of D&D games).. . The Monster Manual contains a list of creatures for use in creating a D&D setting.
when the cash runs outwhen you think your farts smell nicewhen you can't walk anymore. Or lift another drink to your mouth.For me, my rule of thumb is when I am having to go to the toilet after each one (16 oz).  I think its best to quit then, when it's still coming out that end, then to keep drinking and having it make a return through the way it entered.i usually quit after i have to stand in the bathroom and drink it because of frequency of urination. That is a good guage.When you pull down your fly for a number 2.You're going to have to explain this 'enough beer' concept to me...You can never have enough beer!You have to ask where you are!keep a picture of the wife in your pocket, when she looks pretty, stop drinking. lolThe only way to find out is if you get pulled over on the way home and the cop tells you so.  If you are at home....usually when you start calling ex-girlfriends and breaking up with the one you are with at that time.  If you puke, Not enough, that just means you ate too much and you are making room for more beer.When the room starts spinning and Roseanne Barr starts to look HOT to you.Yer missus will tell you!when the wife gets good looking heheheheWhen you start hitting on fat chicks1, Vomiting. 2, Falling asleep & waking up in A & E. 3, Picking fights with total strangers for no reason whatsoeverif you can't see straight,have another pint then you're done!when ever you find yourself passed out in a dark ally or think the bar stool cushion is a marshmallowwhen you dont know. when you know you've had enough you're still soberI think when you fall over perhaps that may be a hint to stop!!When you vomit, fall over, cant remember who you are, where you are, what your doing, get arrested, need I say more????. On a more serious note, you get a hot flush THEN vomit.........time for home and bed........... drink water BETWEEN beers, this does help.. Have fun my friend.When the woman with the hairy mole on her face starts to get good lookingeither when your skint or you cant remember how many you've already drunkwhen you start to making out with the lampost on your way home from pubIn the short term you fall over or fall asleep. In the longer term you get liver failure.A kindly passerby puts you back on your barstool ! lolWhen consumption has outstripped finances or the legs cease to work - although head is amazing clear - and you can't get to toilets or bar or to the door to catch a taxi to home and safety because that is a vulnerable state to be in.When you don't know whether that spot on your pants is beer or pee.well if you have asked you have had to many. but thanks for the points anywayWhen you fall flat on the floorwhen you have to creep out the front door very very slowly...........Theres never too much of a good thing!!!!!. . BOTTOMS UP   :-)when u drink urself sober then drunk again lolWhen you reach the Beer Event Horizon: http://beerabbey.blogspot.com/2006/10/beer-is-act-of-faith.htmlWhen your nose and your toes are touching.when they call last round!!What a stupid question.  You can never have enough beer.  It's the body that's the problem man! all of our problem, we need bodies that can stand up and be counted so that we all can finally have as you would say "enough beer".  Until we evolve into this perfect being without limitation to the consumption of beer then we will never be free.  Do you understand?. Unless off course you're a light weight and of ya tits on a few pints.
take a moment to think:. 1. is this kid too young to be deserving of pranks. 2.  will the prank make you feel better. 3.  is it worth it4. what is around you. 5. do you know this person. 6. will you get in trouble. 7. again: will you feel better when you do itIf you have a sink with a sprayer just tape the sprayer to be on so when your kid gets a glass of water he'll be sprayed. also consider the 1- whatever of previous and future posts.If th kid doesn't know it already, you can always try the old "pull my finger" trick.  Drinking out of the far side of a cup is usually good for a laugh too.If you think the child is old enough to appreciate it/slash receive it, there are a ton of different things you can do but if the child is pretty young, like three or four, you can find these chocolates that look like rocks in a lot of stores. When the child is around, casually take them out and start eating. When they ask what you are eating tell them that you're eating rocks and would he/she like some. Keep them going for a while, ti can be really cute and they'll love you after wards when you give them some of your chocolate!What you should do is get a quarter and put led all around the edge and bet him that he cant roll it down his face, he will usually try and after he dose there will be a long led line going down the center of his face.
when ever you are about to face a legendary pokemon always save before u fight him so if it does u just turn off the game and fight him againit really depends on which game you're talking about.. . for one thing, always save before you fight a legendary, just incase you accidently faint him.. . in ruby, sapphire, and emerald, you will never see him again - he's a one shot deal.. . in pokemon mystery dungeon, you can't catch him the first time you fight him, but after that, just save at the kangaskhan statue before the last three floors and try and try again.You need to save before you fight Groudon. Then, even though you kill him, you can turn the game off and try to catch him again.turn the game off without saving
TMX Elmo is the new toy that all the kids (and parents) want.. . It's a robotic doll that moves and laughs when you tickle it!. . You can see a video of it in action by searching for "TMX elmo" at www.youtube.com. . Ebay is the best place to get them. Since your not from the US it may be the only way right now. . . I've heard of people having guns pulled on them in stores for elmos and people getting assulted (search google to find the articles) so ebay is safer too!. . http://www.findtmx.com has some good tips on getting it on ebay at the lowest price. They average $84 on ebay but can sell for as much as $100 or as little as $45. I'm sure ebay prices will be going up as the holidays aproach so check out the guide now!TMX Elmo is a toy doll and when you squeeze him under his arms i think... he shakes and laughs because you are tickling him. It's really cute! TMX means "extreme" it's the newer version of "tickle me Elmo". the kids love it!Its tickle me elmo. i don't kno why people are making a big deal out of it. it just laughs... ALOT
yeah it's called see if you can leave without it being noticed. . what age group and cultural group are we talking here? It makes a differenceOrgiesHIDE THE SAUSAGEdress up games bcoz i like to dress up bridestwister is always funtwister never fails in our house but depending on what type of party you are having you could tone it down a bit when you put a famous persons name on a piece of paper then stick it to anothers head any you have to guess who you are .All the men put there car keys in a bowl the owmen pick the keyts out and have sex with the owner of the keys..........or...lights out total balckness men in a line and women bj them after everyone has to guess who they thought........Apples to Apples,. The more people you have the more fun it is.I would say spin the bottle. It is a perfect game for a party.
What table?Well it sounds like you have been barred.  Did it say you were when you tried to get back in?  If not you need to increase your memory:. Go to START, then control panel, system(close to bottom),advanced,performance settings, advanced, virtual memory,click on change, click on custom size,and change to 526 or higher and then ok.  Whew lol!If it was a blackjack table -- they may have suspected you were counting cards.. . Any other table -- . . annoying other players?. . drunk?. . spilling drinks?. . poor personal hygiene?
Yes hold down the circle x button and press shut off console ur 360 will last longer.I have a launch 360 and not have had any problems.... I normally just shut the console down through the guide button. Hold it and then select shut down console. System is a year old and still works like butter.Unplug itI don't think it makes a difference because whether you turn off the console itself or use the button on the controller, it turns off right away.  This isn't like the PS3 or PS2 where it's recommend that you hit the power button until it turns red and then turn off the switch in the back.
i always do the outside pieces firstGet your corners first, and work on the border. Then do the inside.start with the border, then sort the pieces according to similar colorsStart with the corners and then do the whole outside frame (look for edges) and then try to match up colors. It also helps if you are getting fusterated to flip the bored around or take a break for a little bit so you dont keep staring at and seeing the same things.Always do the outside edges first.  Then separate all the other pieces by their color.get the border done first and also group similar colors together
It depends on if you have the card or not, if you do, whatever the effect is IS the true effect,but if it isnt, here:. "This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set.This card cannot beSpecial Summoned except by the effect of "Silent Swordsman Lv 5".As long as this cars remains on your side of the field,negate the effects of all Spell Cards on the field". . And you have to admit, he does look pretty coolgo 2 netrep.net for information, this is what I found.. . Text . This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by the effect of "Silent Swordsman LV5". As long as this card remains face-up on your side of the field, negate the effects of all Spell Cards on the field. . Rulings . [Re: Level Modulation] An "LV" monster that normally cannot be Special Summoned except by the method in its text CANNOT be Special Summoned from the Graveyard with "Level Modulation" unless it has been previously Special Summoned by the correct procedure. The "ignore the Summoning conditions" text allows for these monsters to be Special Summoned only after they have been properly Summoned by their own effect. This applies to "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8", "Armed Dragon LV7", "Silent Swordsman LV7", "Silent Magician LV8", and "Winged Kuriboh LV10".. [Re: Spark Blaster] If "Silent Swordsman LV7" is on the field when "Spark Blaster's" effect is used for the third time, "Spark Blaster" is still destroyed normally.You can only special summon it via the effect of LV5 or through Level Modulation. It negates all Spell cards, like Imperial Order. Unlike Imperial Order you cannot chain any Spell cards to the summon of it. It can still be destroyed by Trap cards which is why isn't widely used.
The bus station is closed except at the earliest time you can wake up.  To be awake (in the morning, the earliest possible) you need the alarm clock (in one of the stores, the pawn shop I think, where you get the gun) and caffeine pills (bought in the other shop).. . The furniture store is closed until you have a better house, then you can go in and buy good furniture.you need the stick rpg complete verion & the bigger hose you buy the better stuff you can buythere is probably nothing in there that would effect the game. . they're probably there for decorationu have to play stick rpg c on Xgenstudios.com then u need to get a better house but get ceo before u do anything believe me!!!
I'm not sure. I think it involves a lot of mental therapy. Maybe an intervention and someone to show the damage caused by gambling.It's just as serious as any other addiction.... which leads to self destruction and anything in it's way. Get counseling.gamblers anonymousIts all in your mind control!!! there is no such thing as gambling addiction!. . its your money, you know best if you are going in the pits and you should not spend it.counseling
try tapping the R buttonWhile turning, tap R, then hold R while tapping the d-pad in the opposite direction until the red sparks appear. I think.. I have friend codes if you wanna play.Hold L or R when in a turn to drift. in drifting, hit the controlpad buttons in circles. sparks should come out-release to get a mini boost. . I'm not sure about this, I might be mistaken with another game:. keep hitting the control buttons until the sparks change color to get a slightly bigger boost
Its nothing to do with tension (how hard you pulled your wool), it's a side effect of the stocking stitch pattern itself. Knitting into the backs of the first and last one or two stitches of your knit row should help a little bit.Stockinette st curls. That's just the way that stitch pattern behaves. It's not a matter of tension. Knitting looser and/or slipping a stitch at the beginning of a row will not keep it from curling.. . A border of seed stitch or garter stitch will help keep a scarf or other standalone piece flat, or you could choose a stitch pattern that doesn't have a tendency to curl. The more your work has a tendency to curl, the wider the border you need to keep it flat.. . To knit a seed st or garter st border, begin your work with an inch or two of that stitch pattern. Then begin every row with at least an inch or two of seed st or garter st, changing to st st for the middle.. . To knit seed st with an odd number of stitches, *k1, p1* across the row, ending with a k1. Turn. *k1, p1* across, ending with a k1. Turn, and repeat.you pulled it too tight...sometimes...depending on the yarn and what i'm making, i will put the yarn in a garment bag and wash it then air dry it....it seems to help with curling ...maybe you pulled it to tightly on the sides while knittingI ALWAYS SLIP THE FIRST STITCH OF EACH ROW AND THAT HELPS IT FROM CURLING.
Just press the square button on the top right hand corner.Alt+Esc Or The - symbol in the top right corner and NOT the Square symboltry doing this:. The 1st thing you do when you enter lounge is check play small window in option box. Once in you can expand room to see the chat area
If you might have downloaded things from the internet like hacks, skins, objects, etc. They can sometimes mess up your game on accident if people haven't thoroughly tested there stuff first.i dont know. And i am a wizz at the simsthe only resons this would happen is when you enter a cheat code, the disc is wacked, or its a glitch
You don't. It drives people crazy.Kibbitzing is when a non-player is looking over a player's shoulder and commenting on his/her hand and what moves he/she should make.  The act of kibbitzing will usually have the effect of all the other players saying, "No kibbitzing"!  Then it will take about two minutes before the kibbitzing begins again.
A Shedinja is hard to deal with, but given that it's part bug type it should have a weakness to fire attacks.  Be patient.Join www.nintendo.com and ask on the fourm. Good luck! :)Wonder Guard prevents damage from all attack types except those what would cause damage to be "super-effective".. . Shedinja is a bug-ghost type.. Use Dark-, Fire-, Flying-, or Rock-type moves.
It isaK-47 BECAUSE IT IS FASTI have not played CS:Source but I have played previous version. If its mechanic hasn't changed, m4 is less powerful but with more accuracy and AK-47 is more powerful but with less accuracy.  And AK-47 is little harder to get used to.
is a very nice game... when u are bored. there are 9 squeres each of them has another 9 little squers. each need to be filled withe the numbers 1 to 9 (every number just once) and on the whole line need to be 1 to nine ( every number just once)A sudoku game game is usually comprised of numbers placed only once per row and per column. There are different levels, from easy to extemely dfficult.  Also the game can be made with pictures or other symbols instead of numbers.  Good luck!
If you can't find someone to stand in for you, you should honor your obligation. It's only one day out of your life.No is a complete sentence.. If you didn't say that at first, then you can say that you made a  mistake  and won't be doing it after all.  You don't have to explain or defend yourself.  Be clear and firm.  If questioned, keep repeating that you made a mistake and won't be doing it.. . If  it is too late to get a replacement, and you really want to honor your responsibility, then  here is a helpful phrase that I learned when learning about boundaries and interpersonal effectiveness:. .               "If you don't like something - Change it.                If you can't change it - Change your attitude about it"
Wow i am soooo sry but I really didn't think anybody would ever ask this question. Now for the extra 100 dollars you get backwards compatability which is you can play your Xbox games on the 360. Yet microsoft was really stupid and its not all games it's only games they put on there list , Here is what xbox games you can play on the 360   http://www.gamespot.com/games.html?type=bc&platform=1029&page_type=games&tag=subnav;xbox_compatThe $399.99 Xbox 360 package is for people who want to get a head start on the powerful gaming of Xbox 360.. The $299.99 Xbox 360 Core System is just for the others who want to get the basics instead of advanced features & accessories.The cheapest xbox 360 is just the system with no hard drive or xboxlive sysem so you have to by a hard drive before you can even turn it on. the other one comes with everything you need to play and a xbox live system and 3 free months. I suggest you buy the $400.00 one because if you buy the cheap one you will end up spending more on getting what comes with the $400.00 one.For the extra 100.00$ you get somthing with it to play computer games and u get i think 1 or 2 wireless controllers and yes i think its worth it, i have 2You get a hard drive and wireless controllers. Games will perform the same on both the cheaper one may have a longer loading time.It's worth it. Your only oher option is a memory card, which is 40 bucks, so if you like actually saving games and talking in online play, go with the 400 dollar one. Or wait for the other systems, maybe it will go down in price soon.You get  a 20GB hard drive which can be used to downlaod game trailers, videos and demos, arcade-games and extra content from xbox live, a wireless controller, and a chrome finish on the cd/dvd loading tray. and games won't look any better on the cheaper version, but loading times for games will be slower. Also, with the harddrive, you get to play xbox classic games, such as halo 2 which you can't without the hard drive
will the xbox 3600 400$ u can play all the 300$ xbox360 u can only play some i think there free its not that bad but i whould prefer get a small fan and make it blow on the xbox360 i dont think you can repair it and xbox360 graphics are better then ps3 i thinkwell from the looks of it, the PS3 is going to kick major @ss!!!X-BOX is JUNK------. =.                                       PS3 RULES1) only some, Microsoft released a list of games that work. 2) I think there are fans that help solve this problem.  Probably not needed though.. 3) As long as you don't smash it with a hammer or throw it around like it's a frisbee. 4) Pretty sure demos are free, I've never heard of demos that cost money. 5) Xbox360 graphics are somewhat worse than the PS3s1) You can only play certain original xbox games on the 360.. 2) The overheating has not been an issue with us, we've had it since easter. I think it may happen if you have the vents blocked, put it somewhere where it can breathe.. 3) Durable as in...? I don't know. BUT, recently my bf downloaded an update for it and now it keeps freezing. We are super pissed about this. They want us to send it in to get fixed and then they'd send us a used one. . 4) If you have an xbox live account, you can download demos. . 5) I haven't seen ps3 graphics much....but i can tell you that the 360's graphics are awesome!!all i know is ps3 has better graphics.1)Yes you can play some  X-Box games.. . 2)It is bad, but only some have the problem.Some say it can reduce by moving the power supply off the floor.. . 3)Sorry i'm not sure of that i don't play mine much. . 4)They are free. . 5)I would compare them by how they make old games look,i saw a tech demo of final fantasy 7 with the ps3 graphics
You cannot go online with the slim version. There is nowhere to put the adapter on it.Ok...the adapter is built into the system..there is no need to worry about that. You just need the cd to install the software.
The last boss is Xemnas to watch the complete credits and ending. You will also see the results of how you did on the game. Guess what? On the Gummy Ship missions I got 6%. HAHA!!Yeah its Xmenas and I haven't beat it yet but my friend did and I was there so I know.. but,one thing KINGDOM HEARTS 2 ROOOOOOCKS!!!!!!you will need to defeat xemnas about 3 times, in differnet forms, but the absolute last is xemnas as a space ship form, once you beat him thats the end after some cut scenes. it ends i think wiht riku stil in the darkness, i can't remember if he leaves the darkness or not. the worlds go back to normal and sora, kairi and riku (possibly) are back on destiny island... donald, goofy and mickey go back to their castle and the worlds are restored.
If you are talking about the gold pieces. I'd try to improve my skills so that you can handcraft some hard to make stuff that you might sell for a good price.I found this guide on Ebay very helpful. It made me over a million gp within a couple of hours =-). Try it out. Here is the link. . . http://stores.ebay.co.uk/Runescape-Master-Money-MakersStronghold of security is the best way....... . Create new accounts and keep getting 10k every time....earn it retard...............................................
sometimes i bring it to a game rentel store and maybe they can fix it or if it frezzes during the game tap the top.Well, since you've already voided your warenty by opening it up, your best bet is to pawn it and buy another one. However, if you're willing to take a risk, you could try to use WD-40, I'm not sure, but it might work if you keep it away from the lense.
it has already come out in japan and can be purchased on ebay for around 50 bucks.  I would think they would release it before christmas in the USA.  It take photos but in a poor quality (almost like a camera phone) and can take 15 second videos.  It may also come out with a itoy type game.It's not out yet. You might be able to find it at Best Buy in the next few weeks.
SORRY BUT, YOUR A** IS GRASS. YOU SHOULD NOT HAVE BEEN GAMBLING IN THE FIRST PLACEJust tell the truth.  After all, Atlantic City is all about gambling now.  If there are signs all over stating that you must be 21, then you're out of luck.  Show that you regret your mistake.My advice is this.... . Plead guilty or no contest, but then ask the judge to show you leniency.  If he believes you are sincere, he will cut you some slack.Offer to settle the matter with the judge. . . A nice game of poker should do.Tell them you were trying to yes out their security or comething and congratulate them on being GREAT! Tell the judge you just wanted to see if they would catch you, and they did. Either way you look at it, your probably going to end up paying, so just tell the judge straight up, tell him the truth, "it won't happed again" (next time you'll be over 21) and roll with it. What have you got to loose? If you end up paying, well you knew that was coming, if he lets you of with a "STERN warning" all the better...An individual charged with underage gambling faces a disorderly persons offense and can face imprisonment of up to six months and fines up to $1,000. If the individual is under 18 years old, he or she will be processed as a juvenile.. . If this is you first offence, you might just get off with a small fine, if you have a tough judge, you just might get 6 months in jail!. . p.s. go get yourself a lawyer....if you had money to go into a casino (and you were under the legal age) you can afford to hire someone to help reduce your fine or you prison sentence).. . My advice, just call a lawyer and find out what they can do for you.  Most lawyers I’ve talked to over the years, will talk to you for free if they might have a chance to make some money off of you in the future.. . Good luck.
Hold your control key when you click on a table.Even I had the problem. Disable the popup blockers on various toolbars like Yahoo! Toolbar, MSN Toolbar, Google toolbar etc..
If you have downloaded something then you just need to go to your files and delete it . If you are looking for a patch to make a sims nude there are plenty of sites out there for it. . As far as the text it should only come up the first time you play other wise something will come up and say do you want tutorial and you just click no.re-install the game, that will get rid of it.
bad luck streak.  it's okay.  your luck will come back.you probably got stuck with people who were higher ranked than you.  it's okayIt's called a "card screw" and Yahoo gives them to you when you have a achieved a high rate or played alot of games.......some people will dispute it but it is  a card screw....... you will notice..the yahoo deals favour someone who has a lesser rate.......or who has more loses then wins....... You want to get the favourable deals?....... make sure you sit even tables with your P as the lowest rate at the table....your P will become the hotseat......... and get the favourable deals.......keep in mind this is a computerised game..... so the deals are pre set on each server......... watch....... and you will seePutting the wrong card(s) in the box, not getting the cards needed for a good hand, not getting the turn-ups..... playing against cheats?. . The odds have to be against losing 35 games unless your play is that dismally unskilfulThe games cheats! easy !
you use the cd that came with it to setup the modem. then hook the ethernet cable to a wireless router( what i have) or to an ethernet socket or something. but the easiest thing is to buy an wireless router usually costs anywhere between $26.00-$60.00.my gosh u do NOT need a subscpition...i did not.. . u get a cd that u can set up the moden to...u get the cd when u buyy the ps2A wireless router and a subscription to the ps live
The TMX one rolls around on the floor and laughs.  It's cute, but I don't think it's worth what people will be paying for it on Ebay and places like that for it this year.the new tmx elmo rolls around on the floor and pretends he is out of breath from laughing its kinda cute .The TMX elmo is the 10th anniversary elmo.. TMX stands for Tickle Me and the X is the roman number for 10.. They are the same but the TMX is also a collecters edition. If you call ahead of time to your local toys r us you can ask them when the next truck will come in.. larger toys r us stores will get trucks almost everyday of the week the closer it gets to christmas so i suggest calling often and get ready to be the first one at the door when they open!Not much - they'll both drive the parents INSANE though!
no you go to ign.com and goin them you see ign owns fileplanet and gamespy hope this helpedgo to this web site:. http://www.gamespyarcade.com/download/
www.hidden-street.net . THe whole maple map is there if you look it upI dont play but i know. you go to orbis at the top to the left of orbis go in to the teleporter. and itll take you to a building go inside and talk to the guy on the bottom half of the screen hell ask for 1 and a half mill pr more i dont know if you say yes you get a guild. hope this helps mr.nintendo
I just think it's their human nature, at the end of the day they are a very proud country!!don't understand half the question . the french are not rude so it might be youThe French are naturally like that!. RoySyup, i agree they can be rude, when i started playing online poker my first experience was abuse from 2 of these morons.. . my wife finds them the same on her game sites.. . ignorant, eejits
you dont have to pay, . . but certain games like socom 3 require a credit card to get the most out of the game, they dont charge you but its a step to verify the players age, and to download addons some games might charge youbuy a cable form gamestop or some thingTo play online you would need to buy a PS2 network adapter. You would also need some kind of broadbandacces coming to your house so you can create a wireless home network to connect the PS2 network adapter to.you need a Network adadater to play online (40$ sony product you can get it at most game stores) . . And some games require you to pay to play but most games do not It really depends on the game.a network adapter is a MUST. and you need an internet service provider with broadband. and YES some games DO require money payments to play such as FINAL FANTASY 11
Try laying it out on a nice, large oval plate surrounded with maybe a fresh fruit garnish and a light but savory whitesauce.  And for gosh sakes, don't poot on it.u cant serve overhand you have to serve overhand, and you should hold it over the racket let it go, and swing the racket up at the same timethe backhanded serve is the best.  Just practice, I dont know how much, if any, success I would have without it!.  practice!!
You can go to Tools, and click on pop up blocker and click turn off. . Works on my computer.Okay, i'm gonna assume you're using Mozilla FIrefox Pop-Up Blocker. To unlock the pop-up blocker, simply click 'Tools' on the menu bar then click 'Options'. Click 'Content' (the one with the Earth icon) and then uncheck the box next to 'Block pop-up windows'. . . If you're not using Mozilla Firefox.. well, can't help you with that
Okay this is really weird but one time a family friends son knocked over the bottle of Treseme (you know that shampoo stuff). Anyway the bottle opend and a little trickle made it out of the bottle and sat on the bottom of the tub for a few hours and when we discovered it in the morning the spot underneath was spotless! It was whiter than using bleach. It needs to sit for a while preferably three hours or more but it does work on most surfaces and if that doesn't work try steaming it.i found a product from a company called melaleuca  called Sol-U-Mel  that gets rid of any and all stains ive found so far.  contact  www.melaleuca.com  and ask about itI don't know!  But I need that info too!  My daughter got it on her linolium and a rag drenched in bleach, placed on it for over an hour, didn't even touch it!
It depends. If you have the new slimline model of the PS2, you won't need anything because it already includes built-in support for online gaming. However, if you have the older version of the PS2, you'll need to purchase a PS2 Online Adaptor.You need a PS2 Ethernet adapter, an RJ45 Cat5 cable, a router and an internet connection.If you have the new version of PS2 then all you need is the modem and the cords for the modem.the phone line plugs into the back.If you have the older like when they first came out then you will need attachment.hii, you need an internet connection and a memory card...thats all....hope i helped. P.S.- if you have original game cd's then theres no problem...i cant play online cos i dnt hav da original 1if you have the old PS2 then all you need is the PS2 Ethernet adapter,and depending on what game you may need a PS2 compatible hard drive.  just search eBay for both.. if you have the slim, then you already have everything you need, the system come already equipped w/ the Ethernet jack and the CD comes w/ it.
u should reserve it now at ur local gaming store. theres two models tho one is 500 the other is 600 dollars go for the 600 dollars its more worth otgo to any dealer about 3-4 days before it comes out and wait lol.if you want one you can A.go line up the night before to get one or B.wait a few days. ps.it comes out novenber 17Go to the store and give them enough money to purchase one and they will sel it to you.go to ur local gamestop/ebgames/toys r us and pre-order one. if there not taking anymore pre-orders tahn ur gonna have to wait till around christmas to get one
because is worth it!! ok?agreed. you can live wihout a game device. durr.   lame people.    soo much other things and accomplishments to be developed in life :]i wouldnt mind paying any price for something that i really like provided if i have enough fundsIts called fans? You know people who played the Ps1 PS2 will definately pick up the PS3 no matter what.. Me I stick with the Xbox 360people want it for the holiday season. the people that pay a thousand dollars are amazingly rich. the ps3 has really good graphics and motion sensor technology
Buy all console (xbox, xbox360, ps2, ps3, gamecube, wii). You must have at least 100 games for each console.You must complete all those game.Than you go to a gaming competition and win it.People will respect you and call you a pro or master gamer.Practice makes perfect.Find the genre u are good at,play and play the same game.Make sure that game is available at tournaments e.g counterstrike.Play and master it.Be sure to play at the hardest difficutly available.Good Luck.your question is so funny :). . Well, you chose a popular game..like:. . Starcraft, Warcraft 3, Counter-Strike. . start playing and get really gooooood then you go to turnaments and win money!for console gaming, check out Major League Gaming. for pc, try CALJust play a lot of console and computer games and try to master them as best as you can.  Then go and sign up for tournaments and you probably have to have a team that master at games too.YOU can not be a professional gamer!
I would bet it's a gambleDo you want to start a site where people can PLAY poker? Forget it. Huge investment.. . If you want to start a website ABOUT poker, you'll need a simple web service like the one I use for my Texas Holdem poker website. Read about SBI! and its success stories here: http://case-studies.sitesell.com/Ashley1.html5.html. . See my poker site (which I built there) here: http://www.church-of-texas-holdem.com/index.htmlYou can't.. . If you are American, you cannot legally do it in America, and if you open up such a company abroad you can never come home again.. . If you are not American, you need to move to a country where gambling is legal.  Then you need a team of programmers, some servers, plenty of money, and a team to run the site for you.
Type: Rock. Ability: Rock Head/Sturdy, Rock Throw, Double Kick, Mimic, Earthquake, Harden, Low Kick, Rock Slide, Body Slam, Rock Smash, Flail, Faint Attack.NAME: Sudowoodo . TYPE: Imitation (Rock) . HEIGHT: 3' 11" . WEIGHT: 84 lbs.. . It's a pseudo-wood. Sudowoodo could be seen as a petrified wood-like pseudo-fossil, as it is inorganic and could be mistaken for a fossilized tree. Its moves are Rock Throw, Mimic, Flail, Low Kick, Rock Slide, Faint Attack, Slam, etc.. . TM01 - Dynamicpunch . TM02 - Headbutt . TM03 - Curse . TM04 - Rollout . TM06 - Toxic . TM08 - Rock Smash . TM09 - Psych Up . TM10 - Hidden Power . TM11 - Sunny Day . TM13 - Snore . TM17 - Protect . TM20 - Endure . TM21 - Frustration . TM26 - Earthquake . TM27 - Return . TM28 - Dig . TM31 - Mud-Slap . TM32 - Double Team . TM33 - Ice Punch . TM34 - Swagger . TM35 - Sleep Talk . TM37 - Sandstorm . TM40 - Defense Curl . TM41 - Thunderpunch . TM44 - Rest . TM45 - Attract . TM46 - Thief . TM48 - Fire Punch . HM04 - Strengthwell, someone said it already, so i won't say its a rock type, and you can find it at the battle frontier in emerald,its near the waterfall at level 40hey its rock type and if you want mail me yadav55_111@yahoo.co.in or call 9993361230 and my sudowoodo is metalic if you want give also your pokemons name.Rock type.The moves depend on which type of game you are playing in. Ruby,Emerald,Sapphire etc.. . It has a 50% chance of becoming a male and another for female. So it is undetermined which sex you will catch.. . Anyways it is not so strong.weak...get a haunter and pwn w/ shadow balls..Sudowoodo is a Rock type.  You can find him in Emerald, he's located behind the waterfall in the Battle Fronitor.  You'll need to use a wailmer pail on him to make him attack.. . Moves:. . Lv. -Rock Throw. Lv. -Mimic. Lv. 10Flail. Lv. 19Low Kick. Lv. 28Rock Slide. Lv. 37Faint Attack. Lv. 46 Slam . . TM/HM Moves. . Dynamicpunch (TM01), Headbutt (TM02), Curse (TM03), Rollout (TM04), Toxic (TM06), Rock Smash (TM08), Psych Up (TM09), Hidden Power (TM10), Sunny Day (TM11), Snore (TM13), Protect (TM17), Endure (TM20), Frustration (TM21), Earthquake (TM26), Return (TM27), Dig (TM28), Mud-Slap (TM31), Double Team (TM32), Ice Punch (TM33), Swagger (TM34), Sleep Talk (TM35), Sandstorm (TM37), Defense Curl (TM40), Thunderpunch (TM41), Rest (TM44), Attract (TM45), Thief (TM46), Fire Punch (TM48), Strength (HM04). . . . In the upcoming Pearl and Diamond, Sudowoodo has a pre-evolution named Bonsily.  Which will be able to be found in the wild.its type is rock. . it has decent attack, and defense scores.  since is is not rock/ground like many other rock types, water and grass do not seem to hurt it as much. . abilities.  in the main games, of ruby, sapphire, emerald, fire, leaf, and colosseum, it can have a chance of having either Rockhead, which prevents self damage from moves like double-edge, and other moves that usually damage the user as well as the opponent.  it could also have Stury, which prevents one hit KO moves from affecting it.  in pokemon mystery dungeon, it will have both abilities.. . it learns rock throw early, and rock slide later.  low kick is another nice move.  it also gets double edge - very useful when its ability is rock-head.You can go to a Pokemom site and find out all yourself.
I myself play video games to help relieve stress and take my mind of whatever is bothering me at the time. When I play Battlefield 2, I think of nothing else but staying alive and killing as many of the enemy as I can. It is so realistic that I get so caught up in it that I can think of nothing else!!! By the time I'm done playing I usually feel a lot better. I'm 37, so it's not just for kids and young adults. Good luck on your presentation.I think it's an easy distraction from everything in life.  When you're absorbed in a video game, whatever else is on your mind seems to fade away.Video games provide the things people can't get in real life.  It makes them feel skilled and accomplished, like they are somebody important and can do anything.  When you are really good at a game it gives you a lot of confidence.hah dude i dont know. i know it has to do with the "acheivement" part in your brain though and that everytime you do something good in a game you feel you have acheived something in life and should keep acheiving. also i know that if you dont succeed then u really feel like you need to or you wont succeed in life. just how the brain works i guess.cuz it's fun!!Because reality sucks, and videogames have the excitement, the freedom, and the ideals that we wish we had. That's why they're the way they are... they reflect what we really want in life. To be a hero, to fly, to be evil, to do justice, whatever. In reality that's just not possible, so videogames are our indulgence.Because they are fun! You use your mind, and practice strategy (of course depending on what you play). You can do anything and be anyone. Once you finish, you feel like such a winner! You accomplished something! (Plus it a way to get "physical activity" without leaving the comforts of home).Here are some reasons:. . It is fun. They make you keep coming back to win the game. it is a form of playing like childs play. the graphics draw you in. they make them more and more realistic. some take intelligence to win, trys your mind.. it is like anything, if you do it enough you brain craves it. companies are making them more sophisticated. they try to interest teens and keep them buying more. . Good LuckBecause of the "ability" of video games to put you in the psychologically rewarding state called "Flow". . . This is an almost dreamlike psychological state that children are in when they play, or that you can get into when you read a really good book. . . The activity is intrinsically rewarding, so there is an effortlessness of action.. What is gained in this state is the feeling of ... . . - beeing in harmony between you ability level and the challenge (the activity is neither too easy  (would be too booring) nor too difficult (would be too frustrating), but as challanging to demand a high degree of consentration and focus). . . - total concentration and focus - and thus a limited field of attention (a person engaged in the activity will have the opportunity to focus and to delve deeply into it). . . - loss of self-consciousness, the merging of action and awareness, like in a dream. . . - not having a sense of time, like in dream.. . - A sense of personal control over the situation or activity. . . - having clear goals (expectations and rules are discernible)
When we sent a postcard to a friend's e-mail address it arrived there with a friend code. Then when that person registered a webkinz and put in the code, both people got a bonus.. . We couldn't figure out what the bonus was as we are new to webkinz.... . And no idea if you can add the friend code afterwards.eat a pie and call pizza hutYou get the friend code from ur friend and you do not need it.
Not at all. The graphics for the Ps3 are much sharper, something you will probobly notice while playing on a large screen. The graphics on a Ps3 are made using a laser cell processor which points out thing such as dirt particules, sun rays, and even your breathe.NO, WITH THE PS3 YOU NEED BLURAY OR HD T.V AND THE GRAPHICS FRINGIN SUCK..... XBOX 360 ALL THE WAY MANBoth systems look better with HDTV, and the ps3 IS a blue ray disk thingy so you wouldent need another.... There probably very simuler to each other, but i have heard that the ps3 has a greater ability for graphics... Depends on the game i would think.360 all the way!!!!. I have always hated PS systemsps3's graphics are all based on that bluetooth technology (which is those new HDTV DVD's) they are really good graphics. The X-Box 360 has nice graphics for the Microsoft technology in them. Over all their graphics are very close. Depends on the game.
Go to the CHAT button on the left of the screen, and type in anything you want to.The heading says "card games". Whether a real card game or video, if there is any chance you might possibly have seen another hand, keep you trap shut.  You are not a player, & players need their concentration.
ok, if I understand this correctly - you've threaded the needle and it keeps coming out?  If so, you need to pull the thread from the needle a bit (4 inches or so) and then turn the handle on the machine so it picks up the thread and creates a "stitch" and then take those 2 threads and pull them towards the back of the machine (away from you) about another 4-6inches.u need to make sure u clipped it in correctly.Start with 4 or 5 inches of thread on both the top and bobbin, hold onto them your left hand behind the needle, start sewing, then let go.  This will keep the thread from being sucked back through the needle.  Also, if the thread keeps breaking be sure to thread the needle in the right way - some machines thread front to back, some right to left and the there are some that go left to right.  I you don't have the manual experiment to see which is correct.If you thread the thread through the machine correctly, then through the needle, and then pull up the bottom thread from underneath, you shouldn't have to hold anything.. . Now, before you start sewing anything, lower your pressure foot and pierce the fabric with the needle, and that will keep the thread from pulling out of the needle when it begins sewing.
Poker is played in a multitude of variations, but most follow the same basic pattern of play.. . The right to deal each hand typically rotates among the players and is marked by a token called a 'dealer' button or buck. In a casino a house dealer handles the cards for each hand, but a button (typically a white plastic disk) is rotated clockwise among the players to indicate a nominal dealer to determine the order of betting.. . For each hand, one or more players are required to make forced bets to create an initial stake for which the players will contest. The dealer shuffles the cards, he cuts, and the appropriate number of cards are dealt to the players one at a time. Cards may be dealt either face-up or face-down, depending on the variant of poker being played. After the initial deal, the first of what may be several betting rounds begins. Between rounds, the players' hands develop in some way, often by being dealt additional cards or replacing cards previously dealt. At the end of each round, all bets are gathered into the central pot.. . At any time during a betting round, if a player makes a bet, opponents are required to fold, call or raise. If one player bets and no opponents choose to match the bet, the hand ends immediately, the bettor is awarded the pot, no cards are required to be shown, and the next hand begins. The ability to win a pot without showing a hand makes bluffing possible. Bluffing is a primary feature of poker, one that distinguishes it from other vying games and from other games that make use of poker hand rankings.. . At the end of the last betting round, if more than one player remains, there is a showdown, in which the players reveal their previously hidden cards and evaluate their hands. The player with the best hand according to the poker variant being played wins the pot.. . The most popular poker variants are as follows:. . Draw poker . Players each receive five — as in five-card draw — or more cards, all of which are hidden. They can then replace one or more of these cards a certain number of times. . Stud poker . Players receive cards one at a time, some being displayed to other players at the table. . Community card poker . Players combine individually dealt cards with a number of "community cards" dealt face up and shared by all players. Two or four individual cards may be dealt in the most popular variations, Texas hold 'em and Omaha hold 'em, respectively.Everything you need is on http://www.onlinepokerforbeginners.comwow thats a really broad question. There are a lot of different types of poker so it depends which one you want to learn. Theres Hold'em, Stud, Omaha... tunsA site like http://www.theultimatepokerguide.com can get you on the right track. read the rules of the various games, check out the Tips from the Pros, and any other articles that may be helpful.. . Poker is such a hybrid of strategy, psychology, memory and aggression that it is so difficult to describe how to play it.Hold'em is by far the most popular form of poker these days. It is a pretty easy game to learn, but, can be a very difficult game to master. . . I would suggest that you start by playing for play money online. If you are new to the game, the best way to learn is to play some Freeroll tournaments or play money ring games. I started out playing for fake money, and when I felt I was good enough, I changed to a real money account.. . There is not an optimal strategy for poker. There are many ways to play the game and no single strategy is better than another. You should really play the style that best suits your type of personality. . . I would start by looking at some poker rooms that offer freerolls and play money ring games. Here is my favorite sites:. . Poker Stars. http://www.pokerstars.com/?source=ultimatepokerforum.com. Has the best tournaments online and is offering a 100% Bonus for a limited time only.. . Full Tilt Poker. http://www.fulltiltpoker.com/?key=MDAwMDEyRTUwMDAwMjhGMDIwODA4MDIyMDAwMDAwMDM-. Is quickly becoming one of the larger online poker sites and you can play against pro players. I played in a play money ring game recently against Gavin Smith, the Season 4 World Poker Tour Player of the Year. He is a real nice guy, and it is amazing that you can actually play against such a great player for free. A 100% Deposit Bonus up to $600 is available.. . Poker.com. http://www.pokercs.com/_53843fdc33aad464535133a092db74fe/. Is another online poker room that is growing rapidly. They give away over $150,000 in Freerolls every month. They are giving new players a 100% Bonus up to $100.. . You can also read some solid strategy articles here:. http://www.ultimatepokerforum.com/pokerarticlesandnews.html. . Good Luck at the tables!
You read the diffent options menu choies and find change embilet. (Go to http://www.spriters-resource.com/ to find an imige you can make to rely inpress your oppents)I'm not exactly sure, but I think you go under the options off the main menu. There should be something around a "Change my Icon".
wisconsin has good hookers. there cheapyou can play runescape?it coolset up a house party
easy way would be to transfer game to a CD then load it on laptop.with proper networking of 2 pc's you can download it from 1st pc.    last option,copy it to a file on yahoo that you can access from any computer with your id and password...email, or yahoo briefcase ect.First of all, please be aware that most online game companies (Pop Cap, Gamehouse & even Big Fish Games) have a strict "ONE COMPUTER PER LICENSE" limit on the games you purchase online.  What this means legally is that you can only have ONE REGISTERED COPY on all the computers you have.  So if you install & register the game on your desktop, you won't be able to install & register the game on your laptop.. . Of course you can try, but doing so will violate the license agreement that you've already agreed by downloading, installing & registering the game.  This gives the game company the right to revoke your license (aka registration code) without warning & without a refund.  All games that can be downloaded & bought online will occasionally check in with the company's server for updates & to see if you're license is still valid.  If they see the same license from two or more computers...  you're in violation of the license.. . Check with Big Fish Games (or the company you bought it from) to see if they'll allow you to have two copies of the game under the same license.  However, I wouldn't hold your breath for an "OK" from them.  They may, however, allow you to exchange your old license (that was used with on one computer) for a new license that can be used with your other computer, but the "rule of one" still applies & the old license would still be revoked.. . Now with that out of the way, there's pretty much 2 ways to transfer the game from computer to computer without online or network support.  You can either (A) burn the installer & the registration key onto a CD/DVD-ROM OR (B) copy it onto a USB drive (preferred for speed & ease of use).. . If you don't have a USB drive, you can get a 128 MB "Thumbdrive" (as it's the size of your thumb) for like $20 & will easily work on all computers running XP (ME & 98 users will have to pick up the drivers from the maker's website).. . IMPORTANT NOTE: Most online game companies (like Big Fish Games) REQUIRE INTERNET ACCESS TO REGISTER GAMES!!!  As stated above, it's how they confirm that you've actually payed for the game & that you're following the license agreement.  There's no legal away around it!
just go to rostersYou have to see if you have space on the Coaches Roster, then Interview a couple of Coaches, and if you like them, sign one of them. I know because I worked on the game
i dont think you can.  there are several good books out there, Doyle brunson's book is great, google some and read up.  Nothing is better though than just getting out there and playing.There's a site here where you can get poker lessons. First hour is $10. The guy is a poker pro (not a big name, but making a living). http://www.church-of-texas-holdem.com/poker-lesson-poker-coach.htmlHoward Lederer has a week long camp in vegas every year, where he shows his strategies for the game. This does cost over $1000 on the down side. Until then, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND Phil Hellmuth's book "Play Poker Like the Pros". This book is the only reason that I've been consistently winning at poker for almost four years.I'm not a celebrity but I play poker for a living, you can contact me on my site.. . I can answers any poker questions you my have.. take careThe good news is ,there's a bunch of 'em out there,The BAD News is ,there's a bunch of 'em out there-lol! Ok are you wanting to be a grinder(trade POKER for your daily job) or a Tournament  Pro that travels and makes deals and gets on TV and that kind of stuff-either one is extremely hard but they are very different,first find others who are doing the EXACT SAME THING you want to do and befriend them if they are good, ask thier advice ,and get as many opinions as possible-Good luck and I hope this helps.
After the completing the quest "Breaking the Siege of Kvatch" You resume the quest of "Find the Heir" where you will escort Martin and Jauffre to the Cloud Ruler Temple. Upon ariving, you must speak to Martin at the top of the stairs and choose every option you have to talk to him.  After this speak to Jauffre and he will offer you the chance to become one of the Blades.. . All the info you need will be inside this link. . http://db.gamefaqs.com/computer/doswin/file/oblivion_a.txt. . Just use your "find" function and put in "the blades" and it will tell you word-for-word how to achieve this.. . Hope this helps. Peace.. . EDIT: Hah, you beat me.  ;)Right after you take Martin to Cloud Ruler Temple, talk to Jauffre. If you dont, you probably wont be able to join later.. . But its kind of useless anyway, you wont be able to advance. The only thing you'll get is armor.
Rocket propelled grenadesRole Playing Game. Report Program Generator. Richard P. Gabrielrole playing games.. like final fantasy and what not. . you assume the role of a character or many, and freely interact with the environment, which is usually huge.. thats the basics. :-DThe best RPG of all time is Diablo 2. FACT.roll playing games and/or Rocket propelled grenadesRoleplaying games.. . MMORPG's are betterrr. :)Rocket Propelled GrenadeI think there role playing games like final fantacy or the sims i play them but for some reason i forgot the name of them. I think i'm right though R-role P-playing G-games/ role playing games = RPGSrole playing games. the best i think is Balder's Gate:Dark Alliance. prety much running around in a town and killing everything in it!roosters pecking grassThey are Role Play GamesRole Playing Games
Ive tried this without success and its not that simple if you do it yourself. You need a special devise (the name escapes me) and a burnt copy of a game (not really pirated per say) and slip the game in and it should work. or just buy them off the Internet they should work automatically.don't pirate it's illegal. . you can use a mod chip or a dvd exploit....either way you have to spend over 30 bucks.
I found Ebay to be a good reference. It will give you an idea of what comparable items are selling for.Try ebay or a doll collectors shop
Ebay always has whatever you're looking for, unless, of course, it doesn't exist.It's hard to find those, you can try yard sales.  Check w/ Ebay, my friend buys all sorts of little doll items.  You might find them there.
It's a scam.  Read this report: http://www.lottery-syndicate-world.com/lottery-scam.html. . There are other varieties of this scam, so beware of any with the Australia Lottery label.These sort of things are easy to come across. First off, if he never bought a ticket, it's probably fake, and I wouldn't risk putting your info on it. So many of these things are flying around the internet... and yet some people believe it. Trust me, if it's too good to be true, it's really too good to be true. Ah well, now you know.its fake. do not give them any money, or any information about your banking detailsThere are tell tell signs that its fake,. . 1. First they well ask for money somewhere. 2. Somewhere they will say do not tell anyone about this, as.     we have to yet to confirm.. 3. If you do want to contract them, and they ask for money, tell them.     "Ok, do you have a number and address so I can get the police to     .     contract you to confirm who you are?". 4. It is very unlikely that the Australia lottery board would email you.     telling you that you had won money, they would either .     telephone or mail you.
There is no such thing.It's incurrable. Scientists are Stumped. Examining genetic code to see if thats the way to treat it.Prevent it by not buying a machine.  Treat it by giving up the machine.Get a boyfriendBeat the game and you'll get tired of it.Get them hooked on cigarettes and then they will have to quit to have a smoke.Break your stupid PlayStation, how about that?Take up a hobby.
I don't know glue gets hot when in a glue gun, but regular super glue maybe it's from the adhesive or something like that.becuase of the reaction it has to drying and stuffSuper glue gets hot because of the chemical reaction. It gives off heat as the molecules react to each other and change their forms.
You can buy a press cloth at a fabric store, or you can use an old white sheet, pillowcase, low-texture dishtowel or tee shirt and dampen it. I prefer to use a white tee shirt -- I took my husband's old undershirt and cut it open for this -- so that I can see through it slightly and can make sure the fabric I am pressing is positioned correctly.the cloth you place over your garment before ironing and keep it over it while ironing so it will be protected against the iron.I think that is a cloth used between the iron and the work to be pressed to prevent scorching.  I'm not sure if the cloth should be damp or dry, however. Have a great day!. ;-)available at fabric stores to protect color and delicate fabric also used to iron adhesive tape to clothing.
Down load it from different game sites...because each one only gives you a certain amount of free time. Try yahoo, I win, yahooligans..and so forth. And keep using different emails...I love the game too!I have the family feud game on dvd I love it.. my husband and I play all the time
play the version for adults located in the last section of the rules. It gives you more choices and takes some of the luck out of it.It's an easy stupid game. Just try to land on the other pawns, and do the most logical thing with the card you draw.sorry is completely a game of luck, I don't think there is any skill. I could be wrong.on a table with it set up playing with your friendsif you've just come out of the base and you are right there, wait. if you get a 4, u can move back 4 and then go right up to home w/o going around the track.
yes you can make one at your home. everything is in buy mode you just need to look maybe when you go to something like apliance click on see all and you should see it.You can even go under "collections" and find them.They should be in buy mode, have you actually made sure that the property is a community lot?  I promise these items are in buy mode.
I don't know. What is it?I'D MARY!myriad. -a very great or indefinitely great number of persons or things.MYRIAD
It all started with Pong.Actually it was PUC-Man but for fear of what we do to it over head they changed it to PAC-Man. They knew what teens would do as far as graffitti. It is intresting when you learn the history of games. They basically started with Pin-Ball. That game almost no-one plays anymore has alot to do with Arcades starting as that is what people were feeding their money into before video games started.
Or the Society of Lawyers could sue EA for MILLIONS on the Sims for using their career and maybe mocking of Lawyers all over the world...? Rememember Politics, Sports and Religion are the topics to never touch I guess Lawyers enter in all those 3 topics... so we dont want to be sue!That would be good!  And the promotions would be great.  You could start out as office clerk, paralegal, lawyer, distict attorney, judge, etc.Perhaps the game was developed by a lawyer?  Familiarity breeds contempt.Law Student. Law School Graduate. Waiter. . Short track.
my personal favorites are Star wars lego 2 and metriod prime hunters they both have also got great multiplayeri dont own one, but i played my friends a little while ago.  I liked the nintendogs one or w.e its called.  Umm mario go kart is really fun too.Animal Crossing is addictive, but the best games I have are Phoenix Wright and Trauma Center. Also, the old SNES Zelda A Link To The Past (GBA game).here are some fun ones. NINTENDOGS (all three or four are fun). cooking mama (you cook stuff its really fun). big brain academy ( fun especially if you like thinking stuff). mario kart (fun if you like racing except it gets boring after a week). and. mario 64 (overall really fun game. A remake on ds of the classic version)club house games you play card games and pool and darts1. Princess Peach. 2.super Mario Brothers. 3. Big Brain Academy. Enjoy!!
get a new computerignore the 999 error,its false!  i think this will solve your problem.. Increasing your memory.helps with the freezing/getting booted  problem.You can increase your memory by.. going to start button, settings, control panel, system, advance tab, performance, advance tab, virtual memory, change it,make it 526kb or higher, click set then ok .If it’s not listed as Kb,” Some are not.” Just double the number listed.it's yahoo probs, thier server does that sometimes,it's happened to me a lot of times, just be patient and they will sort it out.
Yes Madeline had an appendectomy that why the doll has stitches. It was the first Madeline cartoon I watch when I was little.Madeline had an appendectomy in one of her books. That is why she has the stitches. You could rent your daughter the Madeline movie.
2nd question, that door can only be opened from the other side. when you run the long way around you will encounter a spot where you can leave via that door. I don't recommend this though unless you really want EXP because whileyou can leave from it you STILL won't be able to enter it. meaning you'll have to run that whole way and fight all the baddies back.Go to www.gamefaqs.com and I'm sure you will find your answer there.
I think serving is the only thing I'm good at in badminton - except when the sun is in my eyes and I miss no matter what. *L* I simply toss the birdie straight up in the air, and then swing when it comes down. Of course, I only play for fun, I never play competively in any sport, so there might be a much better way to serve.low over the net or a high lob right to the back of the court, use a quick flick rather than a long swipeSo you really like the little shuttlecock, do you?. Sorry, couldn't resist.
It is a high tech scavenger hunt that uses GPS devices.  The person gives GPS coordinates for the contestants to go to and find additional clues.what he saidRelatively new phenomenon, starting only after the spread of handheld GPS devices.. . Essentially a high tech treasure hunt.  Someone places a cache somewhere, typically on public land but in a concealed area off the beaten path so it is unlikely for people to just stumble across it.  Most often, they then post the location of the cache or a clue to it's location on a geocaching site on the Internet.  Caches can include all sorts of cool things or just a logbook to record that you found it.  There are a number of variations of the sport.  For more info try this website:. http://www.geocaching.com/. . Also see the Wikipedia article which includes some of the more popular sites. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geocaching
Please write in full words and in full sentences.  I am not trying to be mean.  since you are still in school you really should make that a habit.Maybe you should try ebay but u r right they shouldn't do that they are just racist. that is one of many examples of racism in marketingIf Hasbro's explanation stinks that much I wouldn't put my money in their pockets.  Buy another pretty doll.  There are plenty out there.they have been in and out of stock all day at the walmart website.if you stay on it for a little while and hit the refresh button you might be able to get one.thats how i got one.hope that helped.you have to be quick though and keep it in your cart and be ready to check out when it goes back in stock.. i  checked again today and it ist still in stock.....good luckI just saw a bunch at a Walmart. This doll is just expensive since it has been upgraded.
hentai games huh.... why dont you just look at porn or something. either way you'll be using your hand to play...Try Limewire, You Kinky S.O.B!you can try downloading them on sites that contain adult games or maybe lime-wire. How? I wouldn't know since i never tried to download hentai games.
u can do one think remove ur missluncher and hit when red colourWHEN YOU DO THIS MISSION REMEMBER NO CHEAT CODES.AFTER EVERY THING IS DONE THEN THE WANTED LEVEL INCREASES.FIRST GO TO THE RED MARKER AND THEN TYPE THE CHEAT CODE TO DECREASE THE WANTED LEVEL.REPLY IF IT WORKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Unless you have the original CD, the XBX won't read it.  It's MS's way to prevent piracy.only xbox games cd work for xbox. You can't play regular cds or movie cds on their.
Drop the weapon you have and walk over the other one.first you press g to get rid of your wepon then walk over another wepon.. NOTE: you can only have one main and one pistol. if you drop a pistol you can only pick up another pistol not an asault rifle or machine gun ect. and vice versa
it,s simple just right click and click on delete and then delete it from the recyclebin and you,ve got it friendGo to the Companies website, Usually under SUPPORT.....They have to BY LAW explain how to remove their software from your computer.  Sometimes you have to visit the website in order to delete the software.
Wow.. sorry.. I tried everything I could to find you a website with a sewing pattern and couldn't find anything.You cannot have a lucha mask until you have first found your stretchy pants. Learn from Nacho Libre.
Educate your children in the correct use of CDs. If a CD is scratched and unplayble, tell your kids, they have to be more careful. If you give them pocket money (or other forms of allowance) let them re-buy the game from their own money. After a while they'll learn the value of games and (hopefully) be more careful.. And: Keep your games away from your kids...There are scratch removers you can buy to try and smooth out the scratches, but it depends how deep the scratches are. If they've reached the foil inside the disc then there is no hope.. . As for why it happens: The more data you stuff into a disk the finer the laser you need to read the data. When you get a scratch it makes it more difficult for the laser to read the data. Sometimes it will work others it will block the laser or scatter it so it can't read the information it needs.if you looked after youre stuff games etc... you might find they last longer.... u can get a protective spray for cds now mate.You gotta handle them with care.They're also very easy to look after and keep clean. Little ideas like handling them by the edges and putting them back in their cases when you're not using them. I'd guess from your inability to work that one out that you're a teenage boy.I'd say find one of those cheap fixes at your local game store--wipes or sprays or whatever they've got--and then start taking better care of your CD's!!  I've got Xbox and Gamecube games from 3 and 4 years ago that still work flawlessly, so I know it's possible to do!. . ~ScottieI've found that BRASSO can work wonders if the scratches aren't too bad.I have used it on Games that dont work and also DVD's and on most occasions they work perfectly afterwards.just wipe a small amount on the disc and polish it  gently from the centre outwards...xfirstly, yes they can be repaired. u can go to computer exchange and they will repair it for u. but infact, i have need for speed underground 2 and u won't believe how muck scratches it has but it still works perefectly fineI buy this stuff called wipe-out from play.com. It works wonders!
look for the key....the third answer says it all, you need to go to the ship and defeat your rival first then go and see the captain, after he gives you the hm, teach it to your pokemon and CUT open the treeIn red?  You mean Vermillion City?  You'll need to use cut on the tree.  It's a HM that can be found on the S.S. Anne in the south of Vermillion city.man you still play pokemon . . thats ganste man . i like it that tiet
In lower end irons it is a mixture usually of alloy and steel.. In higher end irons it is stainless steel.. For your woods it usually has a titanium face.it's steel, because you can bend the rod, and I own a  pair of golf clubssteelIn many - titanium
Join the Mages Guild and complete the Mages Guild quest untill you have access to the University.  Once in the university, you can use a podium in one of the buildings and a soul gem to enchant a weapon or item.  The stronger the soul gem, the more powerfull the enchantment can be.  You also can only create enchantments based on a spell you have already learned.Sigil stones are the easiest method to make them. Or you could join the mages guild and use their enchanting altars.Close an Oblivion gate and you'll receive a Sigil Stone. Activate the Sigil Stone in your menu screen and it will allow you to give an ordinary weapon magical abilities.
Well, either you can use the memory card or you can use the hard drive to save your games.  Pay 100 bucks for 20 gb hard drive and put it to multiple uses or pay 40 for 64 mb and use it to save games.. Spend your money any way you want.. . Now, if you want to play some XBX games on your 360, you'll need that hard drive.Um I don't know, but what about KEEPING SAVES??!!!. Wow, I have met some stupid people but you are the stupidest!well you can save your games on the hard drive which is think 12GB, the adventage is you wont have to worry about Memeory Cards, and if you have a few you wont have to strees about which game is on which card
Overcard. A card higher than any card on the board. For instance, if you have AQ and the flop comes J-7-3, you don't have a pair, but you have two overcards."overcard" is a card in your hand that is higher than anything showing on the board. example...you are holding a king and a queen...nothing on the board is higher than a jack...you hold "two overcards"The last 2 replies were right, but in here is a way   the term is used against another opponent without seeing the board cards. . Say they raise all in with JJ before the flop. and you call with AK. . That gives you 2 over cards, which means you have 2 chances of hitting a higher card than the pocket jacks.. . If you called with 10 K, you would have only 1 over card, 1 chance to hit higher than his pairYou can view the definition of an overcard as well as many other commonly used poker terms here:. . http://www.ultimatepokerforum.com/pokerglossary.html
If you like sports get Madden. Or Ping Pong Championship. I know the ping pong game is like your really there. At first it's hard but as you play you get the hang of it.Get Michael Stone out of prisonWhy not try getting a xbox 360 online gaming kit i.e Headphones etc. for the punch bag you should try soccer sports they are dirt cheap and I bought my son a boxing bag from there
i have no idea even what you are talking about.. but there are cheat sights on the web.  Just go to google and you will find all youneedI'm not sure but if you're wanting to find combinations for games like this then try www.gamefaqs.com they have cheats/strategies for almost any game. I played NBA 2k6 and wanted to know how to do some moves. Went on there and it had every move combination possible.
Make alot of pro videos of yourself and put it into youtube or some kind of video hosting site.in the video you just have to say . "sponsor me".And if you are really good some person will sponsor you.One doesn't. . Unless your friend has gaming superpowers, . I wouldn't count on pro-stardomidk but i think you have to apply to a gaming n' tech. school, then go through 4years of it then find a gamerstore n' ask them or something
No, actually, it was rated T until a hacker found a "chest"  texture in the game that they used for a "nude mod." Basically, the ESRB freaked out and made it M because someone found an unused texture of a woman's chest. It should be ok for a 13 year old though because the game doesn't actually show it.blame the government. pretty soon they'll put a T rating on Monkeyball, or hello kitty.Because of a little scene where someone was half nude, though it wasnt something that will completely alter anything. Yes, it was T and there are still some T copies on shwlve. Yes, it is suitable for a 13 year old.you can see ladies without all their clothing on, and they have floppy bits at the front that you americans find very offensive. . . . Blame Janet Jackson.  Nuff said.
It's the sort of candle you use in church when dedicating a prayer to someone/for something.. . votive  . 1593, "dedicated or given in fulfillment of a vow," from M.Fr. votif, from L. votivus "of or pertaining to a vow, conforming to one's wishes," from votum (see vow).Here is a definition from. dictionary.com. . vo·tive (vtv)  Pronunciation Key    . adj. . Given or dedicated in fulfillment of a vow or pledge: a votive offering. . Expressing or symbolizing a wish, desire, or vow: a votive prayer; votive candles. . [Latin vtvus, from vtum, vow. See vote.]. votive·ly adv.. The source is American Heritage Dictionary (2000). . and this definition is from askoxford.com. . . . . votive. .   • adjective offered or consecrated in fulfilment of a vow. . .   — ORIGIN Latin votivus, from votum ‘a vow, wish’.. . A votive candle is lit in prayer and as an offering.
If you're talking about McDonald's monopoly, check here: http://www.playatmcd.com They have all the official rules and how to redeem your rewards.Are you talking about the board game?  If so, then she can charge double the "rent".. . If you're talking about the McDonald's promotion, I'd give them a call or check their website.. . . she wins monoply, not big deal, just a boardgame . . .If we're talking the McDonalds monopoly sweepstakes, then she wins $5 million.  If you are just playing the board game Monopoly, then she can now collect $800 if you land on the space.look at the instructionsyesWill the game is over now but the online game is still on .are you talking about the monolopoly at mc donalds?You have to pay when you land on them.
u can ask a catographerIt might be easiest to just make pocket pages and then put the maps in pockets. Each pocket could be labeled as to what that particular map is for.
You need to look up charlie sexton, he was a champion player.  I beleive that he wrote a few good books.  I don't know the names of them but I bet you could look it up.  Good Luck!i will tutor u for 5 dolla an hour. . or just practice wrist movements and coordination
I think it may have to do with the rating.  I think first edition has the M rating, and the later edition has the AO rating because of the Hot Coffee.If it's the second edition, it will have the words "second edition" on the bottom on the box and the disc. If it's not, it won't show either of them.
Candy.maybe you should try new things like playing sports,joining a ban and some other activities.Its really just a thing of willpower. A person has to stop, realize that they are getting addicted and then slow down enough to be able to make it reasonable. Just like all other things, cold turkey is probably not a good idea. If a person can't see the problem they may need another person to stop them. Maybe take the game after a while or so on. Thats my advice. Oh and unless its too late already. Get ready to hear "get a life and a gf" because that tends to be a popular answer. Despite how unhelpful it is.When I was young, my dad would always tell me that the amount of time I spent on the computer, I'd have to spend double the time doing homework or practicing my maths. For example, I spend 2 hours on the computer, later I would have to spend 4 hours doing work! It often worked because I hated maths.I think you can use less time to play video games than before for example you can use two hour to play video game one day and you must be tolerance to prevent to play video game so many hours .   This may be treat video game addictionRemove the temptation and you overcome the addiction.i only allow my kids a certain amount of time on the video gamesEncourage video game users to take up an outdoor sport and/or volunteer some place where you can feel that same sense of "importance."Get a boy/girl friend. (GET A LIFE)
you slice the tv cable so it can accept mods for the computer, then after u tie the slices together and plug it into the usb port, then go to extremepsx.com, so you can obtain the data file needed for internet connection. have fun!If you don't want to mess with all of that stuff, you can just plug the ethernet cable from your modem right into the PS2, but you'd obviously either have your PS2 or computer connected to the internet at one time.  My modem has a USB jack in it as well as ethernet, and you can have them both connected that way.Here this should help you.. . http://www.plus.net/support/broadband/broadband_gaming/ps2_connection_guide.shtml?pn_session=98aad86ca8dd5e44c22645a174655ee3
is it possible that only 3 of your team members are affected by mini?  when all four of them have the little guy next to their name in the menu, you just walk into its mouth.  when you come to a point where there is two holes in the ground go to the left first.  it's the wrong path, but it's really short, and has treasures.Did you talk with Viking's leader?  He wanna help to you.. Talk with him, then you can go into dragon's statue.it should work like just try interacting with it
One word: freedom.  In a GTA game, you're pretty much free to do whatever you want.  You can take missions at you leisure, drive around the entire place as you desire (once their open), and can if you're so inclined kill a incredible number of people.  I personally don't go for the last part, cathartic as it may be, but it's just that there are so many things you can do in the game.  With a number of games being very linear, it's nice to be able to do what you want, when you want.  And when you add in all of the non-story things you can do (races, stunts, side quests, etc), it just makes the game that much better.. Yes, the gameplay hasn't changed much in the past five or so years, but when something is done right the first time, you do not need to make changes.  The game has made improvements, such as better storylines, better targeting, swimming, etc.  And while it may not be the best looking game on the consoles, take into account what it does.  With San Andreas, there were no essentially no boundaries and no loading screens going from city to city.  You were able to fly vehicles, go literally anywhere you wanted at will.  Most games with great graphics limit where you can go, so they can hike up the graphics.  So if I had to take a hit in graphical quality in order to have the freedom to do what I want and go where I want, it's worth it.  Personally, I like the look of the GTA games.  They may not be shiny, but their realistic.  Also, as of the last four (especially San Andreas), you can change how your character looks, something 90% of games will not let you do.  Being able to customize your character helps bring you into the story, even if just a little.. But that's just my opinion.  Hope it helps.GTA is popular for a couple of reasons - it is very appealing for people to play a videogame and be able to do things they would never do in real life, carjack people, run people over or shoot people, people see them themselves through the character they are playing as, and mostly people see what they are doing in the game as fun without suffering any real life consequences such as really dying or really going to jail.well its most likely the freedom, i have all three gta games, and i have to tell you, it took me a year to fiish all of the missions in gta 3,vice city is great..., but san andreas, it just kills it, too much gangster talk, but.....i think more people are playing that scarface game, its just like gta, yea....most likely the freedom to kill innocent people without concequence.Why?  Cause its probably the most awesomest game in all of history of gaming games and the likes of games and such.Brand loyalty. Why do you think Madden sells so well every year?Because it's so dangerous and that's what some people of all ages (14-30) are looking for.  There's no way they'll be able to go out in the streets and do that kind of violence w/o having some reprecussions from their actions.. Mom of B & DGrand Theft Auto is popular because it was the first open world shooting and driving game. GTA set the benchmark on video games for years to come. That's why the video game world calls any other game that has the same open world, gunplay, and driving is referred to as a "GTA clone."people get lost in the fantasy of the game. its so much fun to take out your frustrations by stealing cars killing people stealing there money...its just fun cause i mean really most of us would never do that in real lifeu can do basically anything with out getting in trouble. its like another life. also, it has many other things not like mini games but u can do anything. go in a dirt bike, drive a car, steal some money, shoot some people, play pool, shoot some hoops and play arcade gamesFreedom, probably. You can go around shooting people, stealing cars and generally being a "bad ass". . I hope you spell properly in your paper by the way.
What Game?  What System?If you're talking about Majora's Mask, it's part of the Kafei trading sequence.  Get him to go to Ikara, and he'll leave his mask behind with the curiosity shop guy (you have to go into Kafei's house at 3pm or so to get it.)
Not really sure, i just used the disc i got.We need more information.  Is that the IBM PS2 you're referring to?
hoyle is considered the authority or rule by which alot of card games are played..Some card games have been modified and not all hoyal rules are observed in a particular game. Thus if you learned a card game one way that same method may not be played in other parts of the country..Good Luckif you play hoyle it's because you're playing all the rules given by some old dead white dude named edmund hoyle from like 250 years ago.  screw him, he's white and we don't want to listen to what some white male says anymore because they kill and own slaves!Hi,. I don't know why he would ask you that because you have to play by the rules here and they are Hoyle rules.  So who knows why he asked you that!. Have fun playing.
Downloading an emulator is legal.  If you download a ROM (game) that you do not have the license to play (do not own), you are breaking the law.downloading an emulator is not the problem..its downloading the roms that run on it. basically stealing games...
Sony painted a Sixaxis controller white, and told GI it was the same damn thing.. . But seriously if you go to page 46 in the December issue it gives 10 reasons why they couldn't review the Wii.Yeah, they gave ten reasons to why they couldn't review it in the section where they usually put their 'ten things'.  One was because Xbox 360 and PS3 were so massive they couldn't house the Wii, and one of the Editors were working in a dumpster...they kind of bashed wii....
personally, id play endless-online, because its 100% free, you download the game client  create a usser name then a chaercetr, and then play to your hearts content, they add new things  regularly, and version updates, thought when that happens  you gotta download the new version, but thats not too bad, you can have up to 3 diffrent charecters, male of female, and if i remember right the game can have up to over 1000 players online at a time. heres the web link www.endless-online.comGuild Wars. Guild wars is a mmorpg that u only pay once for and it has new updates every weekhttp://download.mmosite.com/ . join all to see which is the best one...VanRO ragnarok private server. It's cool !! It's fun !!I second Guild Wars, I have now been playing almost 1 full year, I have over 1,200 hours in to date, and am still not tired of it.  PvP is great and so are the graphics.  They are constantly updating the game, and there plans as of right now is to release a new story line every 6 months to a year.  These new Story lines are the only cost you have, and that is usually right around $50 US.  Nice thing with this game is you do not need to have old chapters of the game to play the new ones.   Other thing is if you need to take a few month off for school or other personal matters your account does not stop or get deleted and you dont get charged anything.  This is a great game that what I would recommend, but Im sure you will have fun with almost any of them.  If you decide to give GW a try Look me up in game at "Ogreb Calzar" and Ill even give you a spot in the guild if you want...   EnjoyFinal Fantasy. IT'S HUGE!
you can't yet.  or at least i can't.  the only thing you can successfully download from limewire is the free trial that you've probably already played.when you know please let me know
Your not suppose to hook the wire from the playstation to the hub connected to the computer. Your suppose hook it directly to the router. See what i do with my ps2, xbox, and xbox360 i connect the ethernet wire from my router to my system.Only connect it through the router
yahoo is screwy like that try www.pogo.com they have better pool tables than yahoo when you join let me know i wll send you a free pass to club pogo. member ship is free and you'll love itThe game room part of yahoo gets flaky sometimes. Reboot and try again.
You can't Giga Bowser is just Bowser with a mushroom that's all.You can't exactly PLAY as him, but you can fight him in SSBM. As far as I know, play Adventure mode with any character, using 3 lives, on any difficulty above Normal, without using a Continue. At the end, after Bowser is defeated, he will come back to life but be twice as big and more scary-looking.
I use a VGA cable from the Xbox 360 with a Dell 20" widescreen LCD monitor.  The picture quality is much better than a standard definition TV, although it cannot run at the monitor's native resolution so it is not perfectly sharp.. . One thing to notice is that the colours do not seem as vibrant through the VGA cable.Robert Heron of DL.TV (http://digitallifetv.com/index.php) says that is the highest quality connection (he tested it) and that is the best one to output either 720p or 1080p games. Remember CRT (tube) PC monitors ? They generally are capable of MUCH higher resolutions than any flat panel technology and they use (you guessed it) a VGA connection. CRT`s have better response times , color reproduction , black levels , viewing angle. Go for VGA as it is the universal connector. It is even found on all new hi-def flat panels including plasmas.
My favourite GTA game was GTA3 on the PS2. . Despite being surpassed in terms of size by other GTA games, it has yet to be surpassed in terms of style. Adding to this that it was the first 3D GTA it make it more impressive.. The missions were great, the radio stations were brilliant and the gameplay, well it's GTA isn't it?Grand theft auto: Vice city was in my oppinion the best it added thing but kept the fun of the first GTA's San andreas lost the plot and turned it more into a sims style game (eating, drinking and working out) and the story line while abit farfetched was decent and made sense when you think about it. . Another great game is Driver 3: parallel lines is good as well
It's illegal because you are breaking the speed limit and on top when you go I believe 35 over the speed limit it counts as reckless driving so even more so....but as they say if you don't get caught, you must not have been illegal, just learn how to drive and learn how to handle your vehicle before you explore its limits.  It also helps to learn about which roads cops are more likely to hang out and when, this is actually pretty easy to do.Because People have been Killed doing it.u jus got ur license i assume, so ur driving skills are not at par yet, wen u race with other kids that jus received their license, it is not safe, i have seen tragic accidents, plus, it is illegal and u can get cited for it, therefore ur insurance goes up, that would make ur parents angryif you don't understand why street racing is illegal, you definitely shouldn't be getting a license.
I think you would have already slipped two stitches. So you:. 1. Slip two stitches as if to purl. 2. Knit the next stitch. 3. Then pass the two slipped stiches OVER the one you knitted, dropping them of the needle. . . Does that make sense? If not, write me at LauraMcB@comcast.net and I will try to make it more clear.This means pass two slip stitches over (P2sso) by doing this you are taking off 2 stitches which is a kind of decreasing one stitch from the amount of stitches you have to start with. The way you do it is to- slip the next 2 stitches onto the right hand needle then knit one stitch, then take those 2 slipped stitches and do like "cast off" take them right over the knitted stitch and off the right hand needle.
games and mine game is the easiest.The mine game. Very easy.The Cart Surfing Game And There is hidden stuff in the catalogs.  if you click on the x at the end of the clothing catalog on the player card.
The games for it sucks and the better system PS3 is coming out just now.I love it ,, always with microsoft...But I can on play 20 older games on it, so my library is pretty much toast for thati loved my xbox 360 i bought it in jan 1st of this year and never had any problems out of it till last monday, i got up to play NFS: carbon and the console was broken, it said some error code E 74 so i called microsoft and they said to send it in and they would fix it or send me another one, so as of right not i am going through withdraws from and converted back to the regular xbox, its just not the same as the 360. but i have heard alot of people say that theyve had so much trouble out of their 360 and thats why they hate them, one guy said hes had to send his to microsoft 6 different time, i would start hating it to if i had to send my that many time because for 450 buck it shouldnt mess up that much in my opinon.Probally because they heat up quickly, But I bought a fan stand for 15.00 and a Nikoe Intercooler for 20.00 and now I can play it the whole day.I do only becuase ive been a fan during the time of PS1 and Nintendos rain of "Top Gaming Company" during the time of Saga.. Although does have its Pros it has many Cons that most people dont want to either deal with or it may interfer with their gaming experince.it is the best invention seince the napkin360 is cool,saints row is baaaaaaaaaaad
hmmmmmm....I don't get it.. Go up.....I don't know what you mean by pivot, you do that after a grind...... Oh! now I get it.....that's easy! Don't be a freakin' wuss. Tommy Sandoval said so.try to ride around without making tricks for a while and dont think about the names so much youst do it and if you fall get up and do it again. if you brake something let it get healed dont be such a skate nerd be a sketer..
i think you go to browser on the first screen i have a ps2 first model also but we got it used and it already had a passwordyou can only block them from watching movies .       how old are you?
I can empathise with you, as I have made many errors in some of my questions and not noticed them until they had been posted. (people will be only be too quick to point them out don't worry). . . Unfortunately though you have to live with the mistake. However, what I try to do now before posting a question is keep previewing and editing where appropriate. Once happy with it then I submit the question. . . I suppose only those of us who have made mistakes will understand what you mean.What and when was you're last Q?????????Say what?!  Be more specific, please.Did you mean you've seen an error from the last question you answered or asked? If its one you asked then you cant change it, but you can add details. If its one you've just answered, then you can edit it......... what are you on about ????. . you might as well have asked... "how long is this?".......
ok ill try to sen du  some stuff my user name is shortster909 add me to ur b list ,ill be on tonight its sunday try to go on ill give u stuffif u give up can i have plzif u r scammed report it 2 jagex and continue as usual if u need help . just find me in runescape im Ronnoc553.I say you should quit.  Many RuneScape players are just plain nasty.. Maybe consider looking for a new game to play.
you might A) specify which of the chess sites you're talking about, and B) what's the error msg.   or are we supposed to be psychic?Some chess servers close connection if you take a bit more than 10 minutes with no move; search for a good one where you can think and think with no fear about closing your match.
hun if its wireless it doesnt mean u get online..it means u could play wireless with a nearby friend, that proably a few feet away with the same game ur using. OR. i use it when im in the mall in the gaming store WFi its calledDo you mean wifi? Thats when you get games like animal crossing and mario kart, and you get other peoples friend codes then play with them over the web. If this is what you mean go on nintendos website and it has instructions from there.
put one inBuy expansion packs.
by collecting points like thisi dont know sandy i am working on it
go to the krypt on ? type ur cheat inYour question makes no sense, but if you want cheats when you make up your mind, here's the site: http://www.cheatcc.com/psx2/mortalkombatarmageddoncheatscodes.html
Try the mission a couple of times...then take some time off...then come back try the mission again.  That is the best advice :)Well, you just do what is says....take it slow and just fly and do what it says. its easy
We played outside with friends maybe.. and watched the TV.Television and homeworkah.. I remember those days .. I think what we used to do is have relationships !!!we sat around waiting for internet to be inventedWe played cards.. We read books.. We went to the park.. We watched TV.. . We were bored stiff!!!we wasted time trying to make them.We played real games and used our imagination, and if we needed to talk to our mates or family we would either phone them or walk round and tell them what we wanted to say, and if we needed to know something we would go to a Library and look it up in books,  (Books I hear you say, what are books???) many kids today don't even really know what books are, but yes we would have to do physical research, we have got it so easy today, haven't we?i remember costing my mum a fortune on the telephone whe i was a teenager... apart from that watching a lot of shit black and white TV!! and generally being bored!readinglol.... jelly and se.xWatch tv, go for walks, and other fine pastimes.............
well the jap version may ( not lickely ) be better cause its jappaneese and they do everything with technology,  but im id say not likely unless they use different parts.yes, there's probably only 1 difference. The Region coding.. Japanese Version will only play Japanese games. American Version will only play american games. I would guess that the games in the Virtual console might be slightly different because the two markets are different
they do notnow wait a minute kristenha.... just because it never happened to you doesn't mean it doesn't happen. . are you using dial up, man?
Are you sure they're glass? I know that certain plastics will develop a vinegar smell and some will even break down and have a horrible sour milk/rancid cheese smell. Take a hot needle to the bead and see if it melts, if it does, it's not really glass.My mother-in-law has glass beads for sale. Old ones from inside a wall in New Orleans. Im guessing its the plastic which you are storing them in. Or possible they produced acetic acid which smells like vinegar.. . update: Yeah they must contain cellulose acetate  which breaks down into acetic acid. Very similar to glass.. . or the plastic in your storage is producing acetic acid but the way you subscribe it...some beads do not end up smelling.
Keep trying, . but if you get too frustrated, . try this site:. . www.cheatplanet.com. they giv u hints and cheats on how to get things.if you have unlocked the weapon and want to use do this....... . . When you are picking your weapon kit and spawn point, there is a little up/down arrow next to the weapon, click it and your unlocked weapon will appear.......
... One of two things happened ... you got booted ... or ... disconnected and logged in again right away and the new program technology GLITCHED ... Or ... you violated Yahoo Terms Of Servic and Yahoo's new programming to catch spammers, people running booter programs, or scroller programs, banned you.  Wait about 5 minutes before logging back in to avoid this happening. Also do not hop  from table to table or lounge to lounge more then 1-2 times in a 10 minute periodsomeone complained and got you barred.. there's people online who lerk and post complaints just to get people barred.  They do it for their own kicks..   happens in chat rooms too.
The program/game will be in a zipped file and you have to unzip it and dowload.Be careful when downloading games, movies, or files on Limewire.  They are high risk for viruses`It is very simple, but depends on the specific game. To find out, go to the downloaded folder, and look for an installer. It could also be just a download, in that case you just double-click the name.Well extract the folders somewhere and see if there is an ISO or Bin file. Also I recommend not using limewire, torrents are much better, limewire and kazaa etc are a bad idea and you're almost certainly going to be infected eventually.
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AoRMnZIcYUAc7cMkG9XDCFjsy6IX?qid=20061128121105AAqdkFkAll the GTA games are HUGE! gta san andreas was the HUGEST so far. it was sooo popular because of its vastness all the possible things to do, E.G. how many differant weps (double ended dildo ftw) lol, the new fact of being able to fly planes (not fly tht crappy Dodo tht was in GTA 3), Base jumping...ect. The new 2 player mode was another new thing for the GTA series. proberlly one of the g8est things, this counts for all GTA games, was its surperb replay value. like above i also could play it for hours and hours straight and not get bored!Because they're great games. I get so addicted to them that I have to clear them. I sometimes can sit up in my bedroom playing them ALL day. They're a great way to relax and escape reality for a little while.Because of the open-ended gameplay and its ability to bring gamers closer to reality.  You can pretty much do anything you want, like you would in real life (and get away with it).  The main objectives are crime-related, but there's also a lot of side stuff too.  Each successive GTA game adds more and more stuff. By San Andreas, you can own businesses, make taxi fares, put out fires, go on vigilante missions as cops, gamble in casino games, fly a plane/helicopter, race motorbikes, parachute, take girlfriends on dates, target-practice, work out at a gym, etc.. . And the storylines are pretty good, especially if you're into the crime-drama genre of movies.
because nintendo believes in kiddie games not stabbing people to death games. there hippies. . i hate hippies.... . BUT!!! i still want the WII!!!!!!!!!because nintendo's consumers were kids and sony and microsoft's were adolescents and adults. well, mostly.Because they employ professional game designers who work to create innovative gameplay experiences and new ways to play.  They have the sense to ignore the idiots who just want more GTA clones and lame FPSs.its because they want to be able to be used for all ages. . and i dont think so about the projectoernintendo has been aiming for the younger crowd... but with the Wii they are planning on throwing in some more adult games, why? becouse the motion sensative controler allows for much more complex gameplay. the Wii could becoume better for FPS then a PC! simply the controlor and the price put the Wii above other platforms. why pay $600 for something just like a PS2 but with better graphics when you can pay $250 for something that still has great graphics but also revalutionary gameplay?. . btw, the projecter is going to be a sold seporitly option (I think) but I know it dosn't come with the system.nintendo has for years been aimed at children, mario is as childish as it comes (good fun though). My advice would be wait for ps3 can you imagine GTA on that?The Wii has a built in camera,motion detecter,and lots more but I think no projector thats a lie.Nintendo is awsome but the kiddie games do stink......nintendo is for 'all' ages so people look to add their games.cus xbox and ps2 have agreements with companies like ea sports, infogames, and another is naughtydog. nitendo makes nintendo makes nintendo games like mario
Dis sad. I never need more meso in Maple Story. CHEATING SUCKS. Word of advice.Just earn the money the right way. . . Hacking is bad. . . Hacking leads to banning.
I'm not sure how you'd do that.But I think if you were to succeed you might remove whatever was recorded on the cd.don;t listen to these other fools, maybe he NEEDS to remove the foil. try a cleaner called GOO GONE, or anything used to remove stickers and adhesives, lighter fluid works alsoYa, like they said below me, the "foil" is actually a metal membrane which the music/files is scribed on. So don't try to take it off unless the cd is just for show and you don't need the files anymore.. . . . Firefox For The World! http://getfirefox.comUhh...no, the foil part is the part that the information is on.  The only reason the plastic is there is to pevent scratching of the foil...and to provide structure to it.
They are the best thing ever!  You can do it the traditional way for a bon fire.  You get a package of big marshmellows, a package of graham crackers, and like 5-7 Hershey chocolate bars! You roast the marshmellow on a stick or some stick like object, when it is warm you put it on one little square of cracker....you put chocolate on the other cracker square, and you put them together.  It is so good!  You will want "some more".  If you are at home, you can use marshmellow cream in a jar, hershey's sundae chocolate, and graham crackers, and put them together.  It's faster :)everyone knows.take kuyrfoldhfDFz;ouhcvz;kjcvhzkjcv;isudfhxkjcvbzlkjvbxlkjcgxclkvzlxkjvhzlidufghxkjchvzlkxjcvhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhAS:OIGVz;ofihzlkdcvn;.zkjxcvhlzdkcjghb,xnxcbkljfgzskfdhgKXCjbKLIFGlsDuvhz;fbgLgijhSLDIfuygLXKHBVFLJHDCVZHGDfaKDygazeos8rt7ywaper98tq4978629q85376w04ryhlsdbflSUIDgyserlihglsdknflsjtblerjhtdjfnvzxncbvlxhckbfkjdthsdfgdfhjgghfhghgghgurttozdfzfjl;dfvzsfghzpghlxnvczlxcnvfvhzxcvbv,zxcbvzfdslhLZHhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhLSDKFjhzrfu7yrpsodiufSDKJf;nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnzpdfuivyhzsp8g9yse5t8vzxcvjhzx vzkc vvnj97iucgkhjcx 67rthlxghzsrit7s 56rd55zdf. gzd. fb4. cv657xdh4. 65vg7xdh5zcg4hx. 3g5hb4x. 6gh0ghd5rth. f. . dhg4d24hjghjhd. . . . . . . . . . . . hjdhjf5jgu638nb n and thats how you make smores.MMMMM...just made these the other night with the grandkids...you need the following:. Graham Crackers, Herseys chocolate bars, marshmellows, a twig from a tree (some people use skewers or hotdog sticks..I found that the marshmellows fall off faster because of the metal getting to hot) and you also need a box of wet wipes:. Roast your marshmellow. Take 1/2 a graham cracker. Place 1/2 of your hersey bar on your 1/2 cracker. Then take another 1/2 graham cracker. Place your marshmellow on 1/2 and use the other 1/2 to take your marshmellow off (this way you get no stickies on your fingers, or burns too). Squesh them together and eat to your hearts content.. Then take a wet wipe and clean off your hand and mouth....sticky eating!. Enjoy!  Tamara. Oh!  Very important...you need a bombfire or your fireplace in the house!  LOL!easy. You can either cook the marshmallow over a fire, or in the microwave....between two pieces of gram cracker you put chocolate and your brownish marsmallow! Mmmm....yummy!You will definitely want "some more"...hence the name s'mores. A grandma told me this trick.....buy the choclate coated graham cracker cookies and marshmallows and you get the same result. Toast those marshmellows!  Don't burn 'em! (although my daughter loves them after they've been fambe'd.Smores are easy and fun.You need the following items:.   Graham Crackers.   Large Marshmallows.   Hersheys Chocolate Bars. They will need sticks or long handles skewers to put them on(for hanging over the fire to toast them).. After toasting the marshmallows, you slide them off on to a graham cracker 1/2 topped with  one chocolate bar 1/2 .THen apply the other chocolate bar  1/2 the the other 1/2 of the graham cracker and squish them together...you have a smore.. So to have a complete smore you have the items in this order:.        Graham cracker 1/2.       chocolate bar 1/2.     toasted marshmallow.      chocolate bar 1/2.        graham cracker 1/2. If you do not want to go to all that bother, they have pop tarts that are smores flavored that are pretty good.. Nothing beats the real thing, though.I tried it once.....hmmm you need graham crackers chocolate. and marshmallows. Melt the chocolate and put it on the cracker than melt some marshmallows and put them on the chocolate and then you have a great snack Hannah style!its a lot more fun to make them! you take a gram cracker marshmallows and chocolate! have fun!
Chat.. Talk.. Table talk in your case.. Cheat.. Give/send signals through deceptive talk.IT enables a person who is not playing to look at your cards. It is good when you are trying to teach someone the game.
Not sure! I can think of soooooooo many other things to spend my money AND time on then some game! I guess everybodies different though?!?Well I think you answered your own question-- the are Dee Da Dee ....    . . Although I have seen news stories where people are buying the consoles for $2000 online.Because you can sell it for $3,000 or more.well i for one NEED the new xbox 360 because i have got to play the new Halo 3 thats ONLY coming out on the new system.Yeah i don't get it either. I guess hardcore gamers want to be one of the first to be playing the ps3 i don't know i prefer waiting a couple of weeks instead of camping outside of walmart lol.
you have to pay attenction to the egg the more you pay attenction to it the better it will be a few times I think up to 10 is red then up to 14 is yellow then 20 is greenIf you "attend" to the egg less than 8 times it will hatch a red dragon (they will frequently breathe fire).. . If you attend to it 8-14 times you will get a purple dragon (they are better tempered than the red ones, though, on rare occassions, can breathe fire).. . If you "attend" to the egg more than 14 times you get a gold dragon (generally good tempered, and they don't generally set fire--though they are more likely to than a purple dragon).
You earn gold bricks by collecting egnough bricks, and or, the cpsules in each level. If you get all the gold bricks you will unlock characters and a new level.There in secret parts of the level, go searching around levels and you'll most likely find a couple.
could have been because of better upgrades and maybe make up for flawsI don't know what you are talking about are you talking about a video game or a air plane.
It is soft tissue and will rot.  They put all that kind of stuff in jars after it is removed.. . Coachit doesnt have to be they just wanted to  be cause that what they thought they were suppoesded to dobecuase its easier to take out their intestinescoz they talk a lot.
you can get the ruby and sapphire stones in mt. ember and six island respectively and if its pokemon you cant get any except for azurill or wynautmy nephew says you can't find the rubies and sapphires because there not there. You can only catch Joto.If you meant how to get pokemon from ruby and saphire then you have to get the saphire and ruby orb.If you mean ruby and sapphire pokemon then you have to trade with other users palyng pokemon ruby/sapphireI have played completly through leaf green and fire red and found all the secrets and done all the levels and i can tell you right now that the reason u cant find the rubies and saphires is because there are none. ruby and saphire are both diffrent pokemon games and who ever told u can get rubies and saphires in the leaf green and fire red is stupid because u cant
yes, if you have a wireless router you don't need anything elsemy friend had a psp and he went on the internet in my house.. I think you have to be somewhere where there is a unprotected wireless signal
If you mean because you can't afford to buy them yourself, you could go to the Salvation Army and put your sons' name in for gifts.  They may also give you other suggestions.  . . If you want to make something for them that doesn't really cost anything, make them coupons.  Make coupons good for an afternoon outing just the coupon owner and you.  Coupons can be used for numerous different things.  Just have to use your imagination a little.get family you outyou go to a toy store and look at which would be best for him...choose something that requires brain power,not just play,play,play.You should contact your local town hall, they usually have programs set up for needy families and if they don't they will refer you.  Don't wait till the last minute, because you will miss out, you should do it as soon as possible.  Our town has local business adopt families and the families do very well..good luck and email me if you have any other questions.Go to <toys ..r  us>. its an aladdins cave, and a joy for kids and parents.
they don't have to fall in love first, according to my wife, they can woohoo when they're in bed but they do have to be at least friends to do it. They do have to be kissing first though. Then it should give you the option. I swear anyone who plays that game is just a control freak!!I think gamespot.com or ign.com would be able to help u. I belong to both of them and they are game sites. Idk if there are message boards on gamespot, but there are on IGN. Go to the message boards and post that question. some1 will help u. It is less likely for u to get your answer here.I always had to make them fall in love first.  Otherwise they weren't having it.  I've never played on PS2 ,but Sims 2 on the computer htey can woohoo in the hot tub.. . ..I think I'm going to go woohoo my husband now.First, they both have to love each other,. Then make them relax on the bed 2gether. Click on the sim no choosen, and the option should be there
Buy a box of double chocolate cookie crisp and type in the code that is on the side.  Please be aware there is only one code.  Your odds of getting the 10K or the 2X your millsbucks are based on a mathematical formula.First you have to know how to get there.once you do your good. you don't receive money with a free play but....you do get money when you use a code. You can use this code: 0c0k51e . It gets you 1,000 dollars
I on kno But i remember When I unlocked the night & rain &oppsite driving. I have High Stakes & dats cooooolll. & I kno that it is possible to unlock,. Try the Carrier modeThat's hot
what type of windows do you have?you have Linus OS.. most games don't support it.operating system, your computer operating system doesn't work with the games right. you may need more memory also for it and extra hard drive space . subjestion buy more memory and a bigger hard drive and an extra operating system that is compatible with the games and partion the hard drive in 2 parts one with each different operating system have the second operating system just for Gaming.O.s means Operation system, I.e Windows Mac or Linus
It may be that you're putting them in too slow or the cheats may be fake, and it also could be that they're the wrong cheats has someone else tryed them and they worked?some of the cheats just dont work and are different depending on the type of sims game u r using.  also make sure that u have no xtra spaces, letters, or symbols in between.  sometimes u dont even notice but the cheat u c and the cheat u typed in r just full of mistakes. =]
there is no "double" jump. its high jump and its in the chest next to gepettoh or w/e his name is. the ship thingy near save pointif you go near geppeto there is a treasure chest he will let you open and it'll be in there.. if i'm wrong sry!
Not an oxymoron. Mono means one. poly (in this case) from the greek to sell.. Monopoly means "one to sell" meaning only one entity may provide the product or service.. Look it up in wikkepdiaIDK is it?They did, as in order to control everything, you need to have a monopoly on everything you can get your hands on.. . So it is not an oxymoronprob because it's two words put together to describe one company controlling an industry. . mono = one or singular. poly = manyThe objective of the game is to be the last person with any money, thus having total economic control of the game.  Monopolies seek to control one industry, or a single facet of an industry.Well, a monopoly is a real word outside of the game referring to the situation in which there are many buyers of a product but only one seller. For example, a monopoly on oil would be when lots of people want to buy oil, but only one company sells it. Therefore, the seller can ask any price they want. . . I would assume that mono would stand for the singular seller and poly for the plural buyers, which sort of applies to the game (buying and selling property)maybe because the word has mono- and -poly which mean one and many.
give him 10 pints of bitter, and watch your feetCan I have some of what your on?Punch him in the lower belly and point a knife at his face.... . Hope you burn in hell if your a bully! Your kind always get whats due!when he is asleep dunk his hand in warm water
Barbie is old fashioned elegance, refined, delicate, but Bratz dolls are vulgar, very trendy and maybe a bit slutty?Barbie began in 1958.  They are very collectible, especially the ones from the 50's and 60's.  The old dolls can be worth alot of money, including their clothing and accessories.  A #1 Barbie doll (The first doll made) can be worth thousands of dollars if she is in Exellent condition.  The dolls in the above time frame were made in Japan.  They have a world of clothing and there are many many books on the outfits that Barbie had.  Some of the dresses are worth hundreds of dollars.  Bratz dolls in my opinion could never live up to Barbie or ever be as popular.  They don't have the style or classiness that Barbie has.  Bratz dolls are just Barbie Want-to-Be's!!!  Collect Barbie!barbies ar skinny w/ little heads. and bratz are skinny wit huge heads lol j/pBarbie dolls you can't take their shoes off to put shoes on and they have small heads, bratz dolls you can take the feet off to put shoes on and they have big heads.Duh Barbie is better..... Brats are horrible bad teen, boy crazy w/ to much money and clothes they are big head horrible creatures . Barbie is the BEST. but than again there were people when I was growing up saying how bad barbie is w/ her weird dimensions that no girl could ever live up to but at least she has a jobBratz have more of the My Scene Barbie looks :) Big eyes, big feet and a more 'realistic' body then Barbie.. . As for the no Ken, There are boy Bratz (Brat Boys- Alek, Zack, Eaiten, Cammron and so on)barbie is alot taller and bratz have bigger heads.  also the clothes brats have belly shirts and low rise jeans, and bardie has high rise pants and long skirts.  bratz have alot of makeup on. and bratz do have boy bratz.Bratz have HUGE heads and lips...they also have no feet.Barbie has been around forever and is a timeless classic.  No one will even remember what Bratz dolls were in 10 years.A bratz doll has a big head non flexable arms you change its feet.   . A barbie has the opposite of a bratz doll.bratz dolls look like prostitutes.  personally i hate both, I won't buy them for my daughter.  I guess I'm a bad mom that way, but I think they set a bad exampleBarbie dolls have been around for over 50 years and in my opinion, much more attractive. Bratz dolls are short with crazy huge lips.Boobs and eyes!as far as just physical appearance, the bratz and my scene dolls have bigger heads and facial features - and mostly wear lots of makeup and glitzy hairdos... that's about all I know of...Well, Barbie dolls are classic. They attract younger kids. Bratz are extreamly skinny, have huge lips, and big heads. They wear a ton of make-up and have skimpier clothes. Usually Bratz are for girls that are maybe 8 or 9, and Barbies are for girls 3-7.
don't use it?. . or use it lessIt is very hard to maintain a dart board the very action of poorly directed darts has a tendacy to gradually destroy a dart board.  I would become a better dart player it will last longer.
40gbeveryone here is a little off. the 60gig comes with wifi and a memory card readerThe 20 GB offers less than the 60 GBthe memory car or system because i don't know about the system but all i know is the more gigabytes, the more files you can save on itAFAIK, just the harddrive... . **note of caution if you but the 20gb version you cannot later buy the 60gb harddrive and add/swap it. . not easily anyway or without voiding the warranty.... . stuff can be saved to the harddrive, games saves, videos, pictures, music, etc.. . if you have extra money you should just buy the 60gb verisionthe size of the hardriveA GB is a specific amount of storage.  Many gaming systems have a specific amount of storage space buildt into the systems so that you do not need to buy a memory card right away or ever depending on the amount of info you want stored in it. so...if you plan on saving a lot of games...go with the 60GB
Lego's are little coloured bricks that can be fitted together to make things such as houses, cars, etc.....they are little pieces of plastic that are shapped into rectangles.  little kids like to play with them and make things out of them.  try going to Target or Toys R UsPlastic building blocks - see www.lego.comLegos are little interlocking plastic bricks that can be put together to build things.  They're great toys for kids to build their imagination with.  . . You should be able to get them at just about any toy store since they are most definitely one of the most popular toys in the world.  . . You can find more information in the sources below.www.legos.com has the full catalogue online.  You could also request a free copy to be delivered.Unique little building block that come in all kinds of colors and shapes with all kinds of extras.  They had these in Germany in. 1966-68 when I lived there and one place had a whole town made. of Legoswhat planet have you been raised on. I think you can find them at about anywere that sells toys. they are small colored building blocks. I am over 10 and I have some.special toy building blocks. Goole legos and you will see photos. . You can buy them any place that sells toys at Xmas, Walmart, etc.they are kind of like blocks....except in this weird form..yeah...You can buy them at basically any toy storelego bricks, these are small blocks of different sizes, shapes and colours that connect together to make various designs. There is such a huge variety to choose from these days. They can be brought from all toy shops including supermarkets...Oh my goodness, what planet have you been living on??????. . Legos are those super cool fun blocks that build things with.... http://www.lego.com/en-US/default.aspx. . They can be purchased at any toy store, Wal Mart, etc.Toy building blocks.legos are little colored bricks and u put alot of them together to make things such as cars, jets, and anything ya hearts desiresThey are little building shapes (squares, rectangles) you build houses or things with them.  They are primary colors usually and they are sold at any toy store or any were toys are sold.  They are very popular.  There are even larger Legos and you can all sorts of things.  Kids love them.What....are.....Legos..... question does not compute....... . You can get them at any toy store.Toys R Us, and almost any big department store that sells legos. They are everywhere!Any store that sells toys sells legos.  they are blocks that snap together to make things.  Check out www.lego.com. . You seriously dont know what Lego's are?Wish you were my mom!. Can you buy me some too?They are building blocks that stick together and you can definitely get them from Toy-r-us!  They're awesome!  I'm thirteen and I still love to play with them.  Gosh!  I can't believe you don't know what legos are.  Weirdo.Only one of the best childhood toys out there!!  They're plastic blocks that snap together to build things out of.  Go to any toy store to get them.they are either small blocks of different sizes to stack together and make cool things or they are a couple times bigger for younger kids. they have legos at most toy stores, they come in big bins or boxesLegos are at every toy store, but you didn't mention your sons age.  Legos are very small, I wouldn't give them to a child under 4, for the younger kids lego also makes bigger blocks.  I believe they are called duplo.  They would be near the original legos in toys r us and walmart.  I highly recommend legos, my son is five and has grown up on legos, they nuture creative play.
you can wash them or put some whitener on itTo keep these things from yellowing over time,you need to keep them from exposure to sun,and particles in the air,(and most of all cigarette smoke,which cannot be removed),To do this ,you need to wah them ,and store them in a ziplock-type plastic bag. To help keep them smelling good,put a dryer softener sheet in with them.Hope this helps your problem.(As for the ones with yellowing already evident....sorry,can't be removed).Put some cream to it.wash them
Need to be patient and wait.Try waiting a couple of minutes, sometimes the website gets overwhelmed with too many emails being sent at once so just wait a bit. You could try sending it again and see if that works.. Hope this helps ^.^
To connect using wireless, you need to buy the wireless adapter for the 360, hook it up, and then go to the network panel in the 360 and enter in any encryption keys for the wireless network you're connecting to.. . You can sign up to live simply by hooking the 360 up to the internet and going to the X-Box Live panel in the 360 dashboard. There's a very simple step-by-step process there to sign up for live.. . Keep in mind that you do need a credit card to sign up for Live Gold, which is required to play games multiplayer over live.you can buy the starter kit at walmart for $26.00
warp to the goron's mountain top where that giant piece of hot rock fell, its pretty much right at the warp point.  Midna will take care of the rest.Return to Death Mountain.  The big molten rock that landed there earlier is what you need.  Midna will go to it and tell you bout it.  Choose to warp and the rock and you will be transported back to Zora's Domain and unfreeze the water.
yehyeah i'll do it for and get your monthly charges as well..........i think not!!!!!!!!!!!
Just buy 15 million tickets so you've got every combination and you should win about £10 million.Don't waste yer funny British money on the lottery - you can buy more booze!no lmao, i think it is a fix like but if you want to win you could try and do every single number in every possible combination.... . Have fun!!Just use new numbers, or throw the bitch to the curb. LOLby buying a ticket with numbers u think will win on ityou buy a lottery ticket and cross your fingers for good luck. if you want to leave her thats up to you.1. buy lottery ticket. 2. become a con-man. 3. ???. 4. PROFITKeep playing!! Not the lottery lol !!!You just don't win and don't waste the money on the tickets!pick the right numberslol...no i doubt thats the answer...women are good with money..when it's their own;)...when you least expect something u win...golden rule mate never pray to win cus will never happen;)The only sure-fire way is to buy ALL the tickets.. . From an economic point of view, a lottery is the closest thing to a "stupidity tax" there is!Glad you reminded me ..just done mine on line ... Back to your question .is that all you won just mingy £10 .00 ..no wander you got the jinks ..dump her before the Euro millions  ..£80 Mil.. this week ..can you take the chance  with her indoors.????? lolJust buy tickets and hope you are the lucky oneoh god yeah!! how often do you rub her?! xBuy one thousand tickets and maybe you'll have a big chance, or maybe you can buy off the president of the company by telling him you'll give him 75% of the millions you'll get if he gives you the wining numbers and then you'll still be a millionare.lots and lots and lots of money  its hard it win unless  you can fix it  the lottery so good luck ill need it toI glad you put such high value on your relationship....what a nice guy...maybe sh's thinking the same !!!!23 25 05 36 40 17. . Im on 10%
try http://www.gamefaqs.com/the "fatalities" in MK Armageddon are made by the player(in a spe. menu from what i hear) then u can perform them in-game. . www.gamefaqs.com. www.cheatcc.com. ^^ these should help if you still can't find out how.
No it is just the name for the new console because 360 is a circle and the Xbox 360 offers a excellent community and many entertainment options so it's the "circle of everything"360 stands for 360 degrees. 360 degrees means all the way around. the name "xbox360" implies that this game system can do anything. all around = 360 degreestheres 360 degrees in a circle.. . xbox did something not many other people have done. released a second system after releasing such a crappy first system. hence the 360. they came full circle. 1 crappy system led to another. and theyre bound to release a 3rd one unfortunately.Besides meaning a circle, 360 degrees, and all around good system.  Microsoft wanted something that would grab your attention.  The did not want people going to the store and seeing Nintendo Revolution(the name at the time, not called the Wii), a Playstation 3, and an Xbox 2(Xenon, Xbox Next).  It would make the system sound old.I think it means a circle. (360 degrees)Xbox was microsoft's first venture into gaming on a large scale. A small group at microsoft worked on DirectX for Windows (originally the only decent API for making games on Windows). So their goal was to bring entertainment or someething like that. The original name of the xbox was "DirectXbox". Software(games) made for the xbox is coded with DirectX. Microsoft's first venture into making console stuff was their collaboration with sega to make Dreamcast. (haha) anyway after 2 shots at the gaming industry the Xbox"360" is suppost to be the return/full circle answer to the gaming industry...... the story goes something like that
YACAS is the Young Adult Create A Sim Screen, CAS is the normal Create A Sim Screen. That is, YACAS is what you see when you create Young Adults in University area of the game.. . Hope this helps. :)Good job, Audrey. I didn't know that (even though I play the game at my mom's. My mom plays TS2 more than I do).
................... samurai ....................My sister has a katana, that she purchased in Toledo Spain.  That was before all the problems with lugguage.  You now have to ship the swords back to the U.S.. . Actual collecting swords is a hobby we got from mom who enjoys the DD or forgotten realms books.I prefer the Ninja To.  Due to it's straight blade it can be either a thrusting or cutting weapon.  I really like the dual purpose of the blade.. . D&D ROCKS!!!Easy:  Lightsaber.  It's one or two handed and only the truely gifted (like myself :P) can weild one.. . But seriously, I like the double-edged bastard sword.  Again, either one or two-handed.  It's not so short that you look like a weinie on the battlefield and it's not so huge that you need two hands to weild it.  Yet if you use all your strength with both hands you can deal a more devistating blow.  Why I like double-edged?  I don't know, just kind of...uhm, poetic justice.  It seems more sword-like (as opposed to "big knife-like") if it's got two edges.
Your not going to really want silver if you want to play games on xbox live like online. Silver will only let you get demos from the Marketplace, etc.ya u would want gold . and u buy it from any place the games for the xbox360 are sold . buy the cardAll you need to do is get a cable and hook it up to your xbox and modem/router. Then go to xbox live and itll walk you through the process.
I hoe you refer to your computer.  Go to control panel, select add/remove programs, look for the toon thingy and remove it.if your talking about uninstalling it the first person has the answer to that.. . but if you talking about canceling your membership heres how. . You may cancel your membership through Customer Services by calling (888) 332-1626 Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 10 p.m Eastern Time. You may also call on Saturday and Sunday from 12 p.m. to 4 p.m Eastern Time.. . If you cancel your account and wish to re-subscribe to Toontown, the cost of membership will be the current subscription rates listed on our website. Please note: Your account will remain in our system for 30 days from the day you cancel your subscription.. . Non-US users who cannot make the phone call can click here and select the Billing category to request cancellation. Please remember to send us your account name and password when requesting cancellation.. . After your account is cancelled, if you try logging in you will immediately be asked to subscribe. Cancelled accounts are guaranteed to exist for at least a month after cancellation, however it is possible for them to exist past that date, so if you decide to subscribe again you can always try to log in with your old account information to see if your old account still exists before you have to start a new one.
Sorry can't help you with the Mac but I'm so close to level 4 that I answered any way.Sorry, can't help you with a Mac.. . If you had a Windows, go to Control Panel and to Add/Remove Programs.. . If there's something like that on a Mac, do that.
you do this by deleting unuseful things on the computer...... Or simply buy a higher pentiumMaybe buy an external HDD - Western Digital 250gb for bout €200 or internal 200gb for €105? You could also use WinRar to compress unused files?
They use a diluted soap-based foam blown onto Main street continuously.  If you get a 'snowflake' on your tongue, you can taste the soap.  It's highly diluted so the soap doesn't accumulate and make the sidewalks slippery before the hose-down crew can wash it off overnight.. . Looks cool, though, doesn't it!Disney Magic of course!Yeah it's soap bubbles. It does look cool tho, especially standing in front of Sleeping Beauty's Castle. Magic!snow machine mmmhhits either confetti...............................................................................................................................or employees dandruffIt's these little icey-type peices. They make it cold and when it comes out of the shooter, it creates the illusion of snow. Geez, that was a terrible description....ok, I know what they are but it is just tough to describe.umm a snow machineWell, why is Disney the most happiest place on earth????. . They just are. Just like the snowflakes just are. I was so excited to see it snow there for the first time...too bad the little girl next me kept her mouth and eyes wide open when a HUGE puff of snowflakes went in her face.. . Her eyes were RED and nearly choked on the bubble snowflakes.. . Killed half of the magic right there but was still sorta magical.they use fake snow!Well, I dont know about DisneyLAND, but on Disney Channel, they use peices of chopped up potatoes! Id hate for potatoes to land on me when Im trying to act in a movie.omg when i went there it done that snow thing at the end, its cool hey, i think its just bubble stuff coming out of the lightposts. but i was sad coz i never got to go on the teacup ride damnit
Please relate your question to a casino operator, you will get a perfect answer, unless someone who is answering is a casino operator.as common as how many hookers there are in vegasThey are fairly common. Once they are caught they are banned from most casinos because casinos share a list of card counters. The card counters on the list are then banned from gaming at those casinos. Counting cards isnt illegal, but you can be asked to leave the casino if you count cards.There are probably thousands of people who have read books and tried to learn to count cards.  However there are dozens of card counting systems.  Some are very basic, and others involve significant observation and mental arithmetic to pull off.. . The vast majority of card counters are not successful.  Even with an amazing card counting system, you can only know that the deck is in your favor.  This does not mean you will always win.  You could have an amazingly favorable shoe left and still lose every bet you make.. . A good card counter needs to be able to handle these massive swings, runs of bad luck, avoid being noticed as a card counter, and use a card counting system pretty flawlessly.  If they can do all of that, they can make good money.  However, in most casinos if they see you winning a lot of Blackjack and betting as a card counter would, it is only a matter of time before they show you the door.Card counters are not common at all, what you find is people playing basic strategy or trying to. Most systems for counting cards accurately demand an almost photographic memory. . I'm a casino Manager and have been in the business for 20 years and worked in 8 countries, i could probably count on my fingers the amount of counters that have seen.VeryThat depends on whether you mean card counters or successful card counters.  I don't think there are many who get away with it.They're probably pretty common.  They usually get banned from the casino(s), though.more common than you would think and they operate in teams,that one guy is right about successful ,MOST ARE NOT!
Im guessing theres a button you can press when you go to save/load to delete other files. If not go to C:&#92;Documents and Settings&#92;[Your User Name for Windows here]&#92;My Documents&#92;My Games&#92;Sid Meier's Civilization 4&#92;Saves&#92;single and delete the saved games there and in the other folders, not the folders themselvesyou go to saved games and then when the menu comes up you press delete.
i think u know where u have downloaded it.. just double click the file,,,,a small window will be opened and prompt u to download the program from the Internet. just do it and u will succeedyou need to use a program like. 1 daemon tools. 2.alcohol120. 3.ISObuster. to mount the iso file because you don't have the disk.. there should also be a read me file in the folder somewhere that will explain the process. .if not go back to u-torrent and read the comments  their are lots of people that have these problems and there are usually a few answers thereFirst, you must find where you downloaded the game to.  For example, if you are using firefox to download it, click on "tools" then "downloads" then right-click on the file and find out where you downloaded it to.  I hope this helps!
You can make flat pieces by not going all the way around the circle -- instead, go partway around, then turn around & go the other direction to make your second row.  Keep zig-zagging back & forth until you're done.  How far around you go will determine how wide the finished piece is.try www.kniftyknitter.com  they have all different kinds of loom ideas- different kinds of scarf ideas- fun & easy projects, good luck.You need a flat surface such as a table, desk, chair.
THAT'S NOT EVEN FUNNY PEOPLE DIE FROM THAT !!!You don't you fool!!!  Our community lost a 12 year old boy this year because of that stupid game!!!NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOUR CRAZY IF YOU DO. HUNDREDS DIE A YEAR CUZ OF IT. I KNOW 2 OF THEM. IF YOU DO, STOP NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. . YOUR A SICKO. WE DON'T NEED PEOPLE LIKE YOU. GO GET HELP.  and I don't ususally use capslock if you didn't get that hint!!!!!!put your hands around ur neck and squeeze tight and keep at it til u die. we dont need people like u in this world.hands around neck, tight grip, release once the person passes out and falls to the floor.you choke yourself or have sumone choke you until you pass out.  i highly advise that you dont try this sense people die from it dumbassnot funny at all. causes death- just because you haven't died doing this doesn't mean you won't. your lives are way too precious to do something this stupid with them.
Try going up to tools on your top left hand corner then click Internet Options click Delete cookies and Delete Files. It should clean up your hard drive a little bit but you might need to "defreag" your computer if the problem persists...it is your computer. The cookies should help though if you play a lot of yahoo games.you may not be turt up promble to your coumper all way so meby why our coumper free upHi, . Sorry you are having problems.  Go to START, then control panel, system(close to bottom),advanced,performance settings, advanced, virtual memory,click on change, click on custom size,and change to 526 or higher and then ok.  Whew lol!  Have fun playingsometimes the java app. does not load right, and this will cause "freeze frame".
Cosh  means to bludgeon, which means to beat with a club.In higher mathematics, it's a function -- hyperbolic cosine.  See the link.did you mean cash? If so cash is moola,which means money.cosh. . n : a piece of metal covered by leather with a flexible handle; used for hitting people [syn: blackjack, sap] v : hit with a cosh, usually on the head. . ---------------------------------------------. cosh1? /k??/ Pronunciation Key - Show Spelled Pronunciation[kosh] Pronunciation Key - Show IPA Pronunciation Chiefly British Slang. . . –noun 1. a blackjack; bludgeon.  . –verb (used with object) 2. to hit on the head with a cosh.  . [Origin: 1865–70; perh. < Romany kosh, koshter stick]. . ---------------------------------------------. ---I personally would imagine that it could mean getting blackjack in the cardgame or something similar as well.
To get an alakazam, you need to trade your Kadabra into another game. Your Kadabra will evolve as soon as it is traded. The same applies to Haunter -> Gengar, Graveller -> Golem, Machoke -> Machamp.trade it to another pokemon player and try to get it back and it will evolve when you trade it
dang i wanna play that game is it sweet?i didn't know it came out already .........:-( i guess my uncle has it then :-)GO TO THE OPTION MENU OR CLICK OFF THE SCREEN. THEN CLICK SAVE. ;0)
There is latch hook rug making with pre-cut yarn, and then there is rug hooking where you use a crochet hook and pull fabric/yarn up through canvas/burlap.  Ebay has lots of latch hook rug kits, and they come with directions.Usually, you get a kit.  You need a screen (the squares in the screen are about 1 cm. big), some short pieces of yarn (approx. 5 cm.?) and a hooking tool.  The kits come with instructions, and they usually have the pattern printed on the canvas screen.
I would have to say it is your laser probally dust, or your motherboard inside the system. There isn't much u can do to fix it. unless u take apart your gamecube and clean the laser, but i woulden't advise it.make sure that the disc is properly in. if it's not, then go get a new gamecube. i hope u got a waranty on it.dust in the laser or disc driveGet a can of compressed air and dust out the disc tray with it. Never touch the lens, as any residue (such as the oily residue left by your finger tips) will effect how the lazer reads.
i think its called Pokeblocks, anyway,theres a machine called the berry blender,and i'm not so sure whether its in ruby since mine is emerald,you have to find that machine, and put a berry in after you click on itsoulstry's right they're called pokeblocks and u can find the berry blenders in all the towns except littleroot town,oldale town,petalburg,rusboro city,mauville city,pacifidlog town etc. also there's a house right behind the pokemon center with a guy who tells u what color pokeblocks your pokemon like so take a trip to him to see what color pokeblocks your pokemon like. and some people in the game give u berries and u also find berry patches..  good luck :)
call the geek squad i know sounds wierd but they know everything about computers its an actual buissnes, they drive around in a little bug and it says geek squad on the sideIts probley coz u dont have enough memory thats what happens on some of my gamesIt sounds like a scratched Disk,  as the computer needs to decompile the information saved in like boxes,  you could say that the computers knife cant get into that box.  So it cant read the contents
get the ghost ship map on that will tell you every thing else. unfortunately its been so long since i beat the game i forgot how to get it and where it is. sorry for any inconvenience i have made about that.can u find it . If u can find it u just have to sail on to it . if u cant find it there is a map u can use . but i cant rember what its called . i have been playing the xbox360 for to longYou need to have the Ghost ship map.  I'm pretty sure that it is on an island in the leftmost column.  Good luck!
Not very well suited to damage. The older PS2 models are more sturdy. The slimline models do have issues. There was a recall on the power cord for them.Sounds like you have kids.. . PS2 and damage do not go well together.  The laser is so easy to knock out of alignment.PS2's are very fragile and touchy. I treated mine very well, but it still broke.Get a year replacement warranty.My boyfriend has also noticed a tendency for games played on the slimline to crash more often than on the original. Canis Canem Edit crashed 4 times in an hour when I was visiting, and he says its the same for every game.
No you can not use PS1 or PS2 controllers with the PS3, but you can use PS1 controllers on the PS2 and PS2 controllers on the PS1.  The PS1 memory cards work on the PS2, while both memory cards work the PS3, but you have to buy a memory card adapter in order for them to work. Everbody else is wrong, the nintendo wii is what costs $250, while the PS3 costs $500 for one with a 20 GB hard drive and $600 for one with a 60 GB hard drive.  You probably can get $20 to $30 for a used PS1.man! these answers are really bad. look it has two price for 25kb is $500.00 and 60kb is $600.00. thats it.To the first question if your saying what I think you are no you can't use ps1 memory card and controllers on ps2 and ps3 is worth around 630 dollars a used ps1 is worth like 40 dollars.The memory card, and games from the PS1 that will work on the PS2. The PS2 requires it's own controller('s). . . The PS3 is due to be released on Nov 17th and WalMart is having a midnight review. Have no price on the PS3 yet. . . Your PS1, by itself, should be around US $50.00 and charge extra if selling any games. Remember, PS1 games and memory card are compatable on the PS2. I know for a fact, as I use PS1 games and card on my PS2.. . PS3 will go for around US $250.00. . . Darryl S.For a new PS3 I thing they are $250. A reasonable price for a used PS1 is probably $10-$15. Hope this info. helps
UGH! I can't figure that eathier!Click on the tree then a saucepan will appear. Use it to collect water from the river then make a fireplace with the rocks. Next start a fire by burning the log and survival guide and lighting it with the puffle. Put the saucepan on it.
it means 'repeaet'. There will likely be 2 * in the pattern line, repeat what is between the *** means this, if the pattern says *k2,p7,k3, purl 2,*repeat from * to * 2 times  it would mean k2,p7,k3, purl 2 then go back to where the first * is and repeat from there to the second * as many times as it says, in this case 2 times, then cotinue to the end of row like rest of the pattern says do. hope this helps.
Throw it in the fire.  Well, you did ask.call the technicall support the number is 911.
it's japanese for pocket monster.It means Pocket Monsters. The little pokemon are kept in pokeballs and are in they're pockets. Therefore Pocket Monsters.Pocket MonsterPoke a Mon, its a Jamaican name.no but my lil' brother watches pokemon.lolit is pure unadult-rated stupid animals to get kids believing in something there is not.there isnt oneto catch 'em all!   duh!poke comes from POKEt MONsters.. . mon comes from MONsters.pokemon is a show where little kids watch them fight. the card game is just a strategy based gamePocket Monster(s)Pokemaon is one of the best nintendo games alive i on my way to the Pokemon Mastersit's children cartoon(pocket monsters)like pikachuPokemon is pretty much a mashed-up abbreviation of the Japanese name "Pocket Monsters".. . Since no word found in a dictionary can be trademarked under US laws, the word was created using the most phonetic sounds in the translated name was used.. . Also, the Japanese have an unusual fondness to shorten phrases up into a new word, like Famicom (the Japanese NES, which was named by shortening the phrase "Family Computer").  Beyond this, the word Pokemon has no official meaning...  it's just a game trademark.POcKEt MONsters
hey ,i 2 afce d same problem .but later i installed a crack file of d game frm d net.i pasted it in d games folder and d game started .pls try d same.just to clear it up: are you using the tft cd? because there are 2 cds
its just a name... dub is the name of a car magazinedub or dub-ya... W   like the letter ..short for wheel...  just an ebonic thing kids too lazy to say bitchin rims...is it midnight club 3 DUB edition?? or some kind of racing game?? well DUB is da brand of the rims and DUB edition is just da game except sponsored by DUB and has more stuff u can put on ur car
There is no school registration.  Every Millsberry citizen is automatically eligible for all things at the academy as a default.dont think there is school classes on millsberry and the game is always freeYou don't register for school, school i spretty much another one of the downtown attractions. I think you should be able to register your child and attend school but I guess thats not how it works. In school all you do is play some games or eat at the cafeteria or go to the library. You can also take a science test but the whole thing is optional and you don't really do anything.. . Hope I Helped!. ~~Hannah~~

just go to yahoos main page, and on their there is  a link that says "games" click on it, (you have to be logged in) then the games are categorized in different parts, like word games, puzzles and etc.  my favoriate is bookworm.i assume  you are talking about free online game .  so i invite you to  take a look  at http//wwwpogo.com  there have quite a few games you can  but you must sgin up for a account  .  good luckcheck this outdownload games. i download games at www.levelupgames.com, www.mobius.com.ph and www.net.ph. and before downloading games, you must sign up to the game of your choice first.
go into your bag  click on a hm or tm than select give then give it to your pokemon if ableTMs are moves that a Pokemon can use to fight in a battle. (e.g TM50:Fiery Blast) HM are moves that benefits you , like the HM FLY, which ables you to fly with a bird pokemon to evry city/town you have previously visited.
To long to explain, but basically throw the dice and you have to get all your pieces to where the other person starts.. If your opponent lands on you, you have to go back to beginning and you cant land on spaces that have two or more of your opponents pieces on.. Sure somewhere online there will be a site that will explain all the rules to you.Go ahead, it's fun. You can easily learn how to play by following the guide.go to start all programes games internet backgammon and play a few games you will soon pick  it up
if you are at shiny things labs then you go over to the mechanical work bech and you make i think 5 or 7 somethin like that and make sure you take them outside to shoot them off or it will catch the house on fireICQR (I can't quite remember) but, just to let you know it doesn't work! I did it on PS2 and nothin happend. Then I tried it on my friends' GAME CUBE and still nothin'!. it's a rip-off!
hey if u play oblivion then can u help me?The file size that you are downloading for oblivian is very big. due to the amount of game play there is in the game and map size, the patches you download have to correspond with the intire game!
ebay would be the best route.  i seen a new premium system go for just under $200 once.  just might get luckythe most logical way would be to look on ebay but you probaly wont find a free xbox360 sryebay, black markets, i dunno where to find one though, or someone who is tired of their 360, i doubt that though
I've never been able to control it and even if I quit and don't save, she always has the same thing. I worked SO hard to get one of my chicks pregnant and then she went and had TWINS and it's so much freaking work. I think I might have to kill them off, but I'm too much of a wuss...You already got the best answer. It's the easiest way.It's pretty random.  However, if you have way too many guys in your neighbourhood, I think the game will try to redo the balance and produce a girl.  I used to get nothing but girls until I made a family of eight women, moved them into an empty lot and after that, I started getting some boys being born.. . But your best bet is to save before she gives birth and reload until you get what you want.
why not put superglue in the keyhole of his locker, he wont be able to open it either.. Report your jacket missing, when someone come to fix the lock, grab your jacket.i would think that a paper clip would work but sometimes it doesn't. if i were you id just wait for the guy to get to his locker and hold it open and take it back. or if it is someone who wouldnt to that then smash the hell out of it untill it opens.Just go tell someone and get it back the honest wayEasier way is to grab Conner, stick his head down the bog, flush then drag him to the locker, when its open get your item and shove him in. job doneGet a locksmith to meet you at 4.30 pm!  . . Alternatively - if you are damned sure he  nicked your hoodie - put a notice on his locker door saying . . 'Lost Property Locker'  . If you have lost anything recently ask the owner of this locker if he's looking after it for you!Get some protective goggles, a speed-controllable battery drill & a tungsten drill bit and start slow-drilling down the barrel of the lock.. If it doesn't work, don't worry - at least Conner won't be able to get in to his locker either.it depends what kind of locker it is. If its a combination lock, can't help ya there, but if its a key lock, get a thick piece of paper, but not too thick, or else it won't fit, or get one of those fake Credit Cards or Something, and Swipe it down the locker, and it should unlock it...  do it fast thoughjust get a paper clip and pick the lock until u hear a clickHi it's me Conner and for the last time I haven't got your stupid hoodie and if you touch my locker I'll thrash ya!Well, I dont have Lockers in my school, so that doesnt happen but dude dont go picking lockers just ask the boy if he says no its not snitching but go tell a member of staff if you wanna do loekpicking then play Canis Canem Edit A.K.A. Bully for PS2.Here's what you do.  You take a bobby pin, and on the lock--what are you CRAZY?!  Go take the issue to your principal or wait until the kid has their locker open and grab your hoodie!  You can be suspended for breaking into some kids' locker, even if they did steal from you.You can use a paper clip but most locks are a bit more advanced than desk lock that you can just push up. You need to look inside the lock and you will see bumps you need to level all the bumps then push up carfully and turn the lock, but you will never have time at school.look there is no easy way apart from bending the door i guess its one of those lockers that has a latch that goes into a hole in the side of the locker..paper clips are too weak they will just bend try something a bit sturdier like 2 safety pins...ok what you have in any lock is a system of pins so you have too trigger those to release the lock then push the latch up whilst leavin the safety pins in place....you can also try lookin at the side where the hinges are there will b a pin that goes through the hinge at the end (normally bottom) that doesn't have a rounded end get sumthin that will fit thro the hole(again this will have to be strong so sumthin like a really small screwdriver the type you use for watches or glasses) you may have to use a bit of force to remove these but push them up and out in both hinges...if you go down the route of bending the door then bend it from the side that hasn't got hinges, you could probably be able to bend it back near enough to get it closed again....or how about nicking his keys when you have got p.e and gettin it then,or find sumway to get the spare key of the teachers.good luck m8 i hate a-holes like that.he's probably moved it anyway so just dump him in the school pond!!!All you need is a bobby pin.  You know the pins that females use to pin up their hair.with a hair clip just mess around with it in the lock or jump the fencewith a paper clip thats how dude
Have you been a good boy this year?. . Then ask Santa for one.there is no such way.Your bundle, or usually the game that says you can get a free subscription, should have a tear-away section with a redemption code; you should go through the sign-up process, then enter the redemption code near the end; these trials are super short though (two days maybe), so I would do it on the weekend.well,when you go on gaming websites at the top of the screen there's an icon that pays free.
What the hell is the game your talked.what kinds of games?If your talking about yahoo games you cant. You have to make another screen name, that mean another account. Its easy.If you are talking about yahoo games, go to "Games", chose a game, sign in, go to "My Games Profile", click on "complete profile", click on "View My Profiles" and than "Create New Public Profile".. Do not forget to save it!. Than, again through your profile go to "View My Profiles", chose the name you would like to appear clicking on "Make Default".. Than go and play yahoo games.. All the best :)edit your profile add up to 4 more screen names,on lounge select page,click on your id. a list drops down,pick id you want to use.yahoo allows 5 ids per profile.
Get a piece of cloth and rub the disk from the circle in the middle to the outer linings. Do not rub too hard or you may damage the disk further. When finished make sure there are no finger prints and make sure to rub the outside and the side sides(the outer-rim).rub none chunky peanut butter over the disc...and the wash it offf, dry you disc and your good!!!Get Alcohol(for wounds) and the cotton balls. Wet one of the cotton balls and wipe the disk inside out, in a staright line. Then dry it out with the second cotton ball and tada!!!
JUST BUY A CHEAP POT/SAUCEPAN FROM A CHEAP STORE OR THRIFT SHOP SO YOU CAN PUT IT STRAIGHT ON THE HOT PLATE AND NOT WORRY ABOUT IT GETTING STAINED OR DIRTY.... . GOOD LUCK!!If you use a glass Pyrex bowl or cup, you can do it in the microwave. Just do it in 20 sec intervals so it won't burn.I guess this is considered a double boiler but it's not called that. I just made some candles last night, I used a small pot and filled it abou 2 inches with water so the pot wouldn't burn dry and then I had a small metal dish about 3 inches high and that's what I put the wax in. The dish didn't have a handle so I used tongs to pick it up and pour the wax into the molds. You just can't let it boil because boiling breaks down the properties of wax.. . I did end up getting wax in the pot but it was easy to come off since there was water in it, so just use a pot that you don't care much for.. . . You can also use those dishes they make for tealights and oils/scented candles without the wicks. They don't hold much but if you have a small dish that can fit over that, you'll melt the wax a lot slower since it will be heating up by a tealight source. Or if you have a small fondue pot...It looks the same as those things for the oils but it's a little bigger and you can fit a can of sterno fuel in them and then the dish above will hold the wax.microwave. . watch carefully &  best not to use highest heat settingI use an electric skillet to heat hot glue, i don't see why you can's use it to melt wax. . . It's totally temperature controlled and you can just turn it off when you're finished and leave the wax in it. When you turn it back on and raise the temp, you can reuse the same wax.. . Being able to control the temperature allows you to be able to make the was firm or really "soupy" depending on the project.
google search it youll find somethingYou need to save 3 monkeys, and then the path to the miniboss will open.  Beat the miniboss (play around a while, try different things), and you'll get the gale boomerang.
I guess they don't consider it marketable is the only reason. I don't really think of battles, military or even that much action associated with Italy. Instead I think of the geographical beauty and art along with a rich history of such.Maybe they don't like your country and want to bomb Italy. LOL Just kiddingbecause no one is stupid enough to make a game about italy. just make one yourselfaren't the Italian planes the one with the hair under the wings ?!crap fighters and cowards,. you lost the war,. maybe that`s the price you pay. for picking the wrong sideThere is! Call Of Duty 2 Big red one, italian weapons and soldiers. Mario and Luigi is italian! Be proud as Mario the most recognized video game character has Italian decent.
Okay, check out your local craft store and price the paints, brushes, etc.  Then check out hsn.com and do a search for "donna dewberry painting" and you will probably find that you get the paints, etc. for a fraction of what you would pay in a craft store.  Also, very important: 30-day money back guarantee (I've used it, and yes, you get your $$ back PROMPTLY).  . . Good luck to you in your endeavor.  It's important that we make time for "us" and those inner yearnings.Usually the art supply stores offer classes.  Most community colleges offer art classes and also the continuing education classes held at night offer art classes.There are so many different styles of painting, you need to do some research first. Go to a craft store, book store or the library and look at some books to see which style interests you.Most of these books will tell you what supplies you will need. You could also look in the section of the craft stores that they sell oil paints and brushes. They always have instruction books there.Go to a hobby shop and pick up the supplies you need and then let your expressions go. You could also start with some paint by numbers or borrow some books from the library before you start if that would make you feel more confident.Watch " The Joy of Painting" on your local PBS station or check your local craft store to see when they will be having a Bob Ross painting workshop. You will learn some fun oil painting techniques and be able to turn out some decent looking landscapes in a short time. A starter set of Bob Ross paints will probably run about $40 and there are a few other things you will need but for about $100 you can start a hobby that will pay for itself in enjoyment. You might even become good enough to become a certified Bob Ross instructor and that will reap its own benefits. Good luck and have fun!!
you'll either have to wait until you've levelled up enough to start getting it from dead enemies, or you can go to the ayleid ruins called Vindasel,  west of old bridge,  which is south of imperial city waterfront, across lake rumare.  Anyway you can get a full set inside the ruins from Umbra (you have to kill her) and  a powerful sword also called Umbra.I forgot, but I sold it when I got the Daedric armour.
well if u have a sis bro or any one u should try to play with them. but if u dont clean the houseFind something you like and focus on that. Laying and daydreaming is a favorite passtime of mine I have a bit of holiday downtime.
you mean like the song?Just do your own thing. Get into it and have fun.  After all, that is the whole point.
You have to pay $5 dollars a month for the membership. All you can do with the membership is buy cloths and clothing accessories, more puffles, and different igloos and stuff to put in your igloo. To become a member you just go the the web site and click on membership and go from there. On Club Penguin my name is Lilman51.well if u dont pay u cant get a membership otherwise i would have a membership therehttps://secure.clubpenguin.com/membership/index.php?a=1Hey, I've been on clubpenguin for 71 days and I'm a member no you don't get to play more games or make more coins you just get to buy clothes!!!!!!!!
Since you're referring to fabric, that is the size called a "fat quarter" by quilters.  It's one fourth of a yard, but cut square, as opposed to a standard 1/4 yard, which would be 9" x 42-44"(the width of the fabric.18inches by 18inches, 18" x 18" both regard the dimensions of the product.  This product is a square, with a length of 18 inches and a width of 18 inches as well, leaving you 324 square inches of fabric.when they say 18inches by 18inches they mean 18 inches in width and 18 inches in lengtha foot and a half of fabric squared. 18x18. like a square...... 18 inches on one side, 18 inches on the other18 inches = 0.4572 meters. . in length and width (square)
Take and hold SE Asia & South America. Those can be your bases. Stay out of the Middle East. Too many people go thru there.Firstly always keep quiet! Don't let your friends see that you have a plan. Sometimes I like to make as if I can't play and I just mess around, well at least that's what I make it seem the whole time building up armies in different places. You have to keep a friendly attitude otherwise the other players are going to want to get you off the map and therefore will attack you alot. Make treaties with your friends, eg. 'I wont attack you there if you don't attack me here', and there has to be a full turns notice before breaking that treaty. The pro about having that treaty is that your opponent will feel safe next to you and therefore will not watch that spot too much, while you have that same sense of safety but at the same time build yourself up to become strong. A silent killer is always the best :)Take and hold a continent such as Africa or North America.  Make sure that you take over at least one country each turn in order to get your risk card (these are essential if you want to win).  In my experience the person who makes the first big move in attempting to take over the world fails, so hang back, build up your armies, and wait for the right time to strike.Get your friends really drunk and cheat. After all cheating is the ultimate risk.I always takeover North America and I haven't lost yet. My Husband, Brother, and Sister are usually too busy trying to fight each other over seas and I'm left to build my military. After awhile I move into South America. That usually ends up my toughest area to fight. Make sure to keep Alaska heavily armed for anyone trying to come across that way. Good Luck!!!Add pieces to your countries when your friends aren't looking.  That's how I win.
ask rishi kapoorgo to ekta kapoorWhat is your qualification? And what kind of a jorb are you looking for?
Click on the pop-up blocker button. If that doesn't do anything try click the link of the game lots of times. It works for me. Cos' even though I put my pop-up blocker off it doesn't work, so I just click a lot of times. Okay, bye!go to tools at the top of the page and then pop ups then go into that and uncheck the box pogo.com is the best place to playOne place is at top LH of page, Tools, and uncheck Pop Up Blocker. You may have one turned on somewhere else also, like in AVG or Ad-Aware, etc.On the Tools menu, point to Pop-up Blocker. Click Turn Off Pop-up Blocker. That is pretty simple... JEJEJE I hope I helped you.
I love Trump Taj Mahal....because its really neat inside and thats where I get lucky the most on the slots! I also like Wild Wild West because its really cool looking inside also!Like the TAJ, I've been there only once but.....I made good money that day!!!!
Click "Private Chat" until it says Friends.there's a box under your public chat that says private chat. It's currently "on". click it once to make it change to "friends". In other word, click that box till you see "friends" in yellow letter.
I think people talk about shopping in the context of what they shop for.  If its shoes and make up, its in the Beauty section.  If its Sheetrock and ceiling fans its in the Home and Garden.. . Now that would make for some interesting questions and answers if they were all in the same section...Have you tried Fashion & Accessories? That's what a lot of the girls talk about in that category, and anything in Beauty & Style will get you more results than other categories because there seem to be more people active in it.because only dorks like shopping (except for the people in my family)
Call a local Wal - Mart or any other video game store. They should be full of answers.Make friends with someone at Best Buy, Wal-Mart, Circuit City...  They'll have to call you exactly when the shipment comes in and is ready for sale because the managers of these stores usually don't know much or don't share much.Try checking with Walmart. They are calling people who had the rain check for the PS3s, and a few people are turning it down because they already spent the money saved for it. They might put a few for sale to the public. Otherwise the next shipment might be in January or max by March. Good Luck finding one!
By being a good gamer on line, and getting good reviews. No team killing, or cheating.ask your friends to make you a prefered player and you will gain starts after about 3 people you should raise from 3 stars to 5. or random people might prefer you for a being a good person. if you annoy people or act  in a inmature way poeple can report abuse on you and your stars can drop
wat online cheat codes u mean action replay well if thats wat u mean u have to add the code into the game then go to the game on action replay and turn all the codes u want on onCheck In Internet It Helps Alot.1) are u using a Gameboy console or emulator?. 2) the codes u are asking for Gameshark or Action Replay?
the first edition stamp is the words 1st edition located on the left part of the card just below the picture. i will send email with picture, but u need to first open your email its blocked.on trading cards some whair between the print and the info if it's "speshel" or "limedied" or "1st" edition it will show in werds but if it is nether nothing will be in that spot.
I beleive if the games become the role model istead of the parents it could have a negative affect. I grew up playing violent video games, and i have never had a violent situation in my life. I attribute this to my up bringing.games let us do things that we can't do in life, or sort of give us a lil peek. Like the PS2 game called Kingdom Hearts 2. That game gives us a vision of what would happen if this will happen, and, of course, we can't do those sort of things such as magic spells, high jumps, sword skills, transformation, etc. Not only is it for fiction, but for non-fiction also. Games can give us a vision of what troops do in battle, or what wrestlers do in WWE, or how to take care of families, pets, and more.computer gaming is just like drugs. it's easy to get addicted and be drawn into it. playing violent games does make us more violent e.g. the GTA shooting incidents. i mean some people are more easily affected by these violent graphics and they try to imitate it in real life situations....may b it does make ppl violent but...itz funnn!!well i would say its good specially for kids to increase some knowledge but its also bad coz once u get in.. u may be used to got edicted... so it depends on totally humanityGames can be addictive and a child will want to game rather than study; especially if they dislike school and studying. The game gives them a way to escape reality or something they dislike. It is the parent(s) responsibility to deal with this problem. I went thru this when I first started college and my parents quite riding me to study like they did in high school. I studied just enough at home to get by my folks but spent most of my free time playing video games. Was I acting like a mature responsible adult, absolutely not. Did it affect my grades and could I have done better, absolutely and it is something that I take full responsibility for. Video games can also distort the effects of real life by letting people do practically anything in the virtual world. They fail to comprehend that what looks cool in the virtual world can have dire consequences in the real world. One case I remember was in a school I think in Michigan. A teacher heard some of her students laughing about what they could do in a video game and how cool it was. They went out of their way just to see what all they could do. The games were on the old N64, Golden Eye and Perfect Dark. If you shot somebody in the leg, they limped along favoring the uninjured leg and you saw blood. The teacher got her hands on the game(s) to see what her students were talking about. She then took them to a trauma center to show them that what they thought funny in the virtual world was no joke in the real world. The first thing they got a look at was a person who had been shot in the chest as the E.R. crew tried to save the guy's life. After seeing what a real gunshot victim looked like, the games weren't nearly as funny any more.Ok Violent games for one.Games do not make kids violent the parents do.For example the Bully that was supposed to be a big hit among parents as far as bashing goes.The Bully if anything makes kids respect other kids because the whole game you are protecting the weaker kids.Mortal Kombat that is the first bloody game people have ever saw look up violence from that game you will not see any kids trying to ''rip out people spines'' and so forth.Grand Theft Auto to tell you what I believe that shows you kids what will happen if this stuff happens or they do this stuff.As far as ''game violence''goes it is ALWAYS and I mean ALWAYS up to the parents.The parents decide if their kids get these game now a days.If you are under 17 you cannot get a ''M'' mature rated game.If the parents get the game that is their fault not the kids.There I wrote your report you pretty much.Use it as you wish.it is all about how the person looks at it. I look at it as something violent i will probably will never do because it would probably a crime and i don't want to have to go to prison. as for kids. if the child understands that some of this cant be done because it isn't right than he will not try to imitate the game's characters. for their studies probably yes if the game is interesting. i know every now i then i use to get distracted and play a game instead of doing homework but i still turned out alright. i use to be an honor student. . . so just cause it the game is violent doesn't necessarily mean that it will make the person violent. there person just needs to know that what happens in the game is not meant to be done in real life.
sorry, i couldnt tell yaUnless you're a Platinum or Diamond Member, you can't.. If you are, go to user editor (on the league you want to move Bux from), login and look at the menu.
Clans are just another name for group.A traditional social unit in the Scottish Highlands, consisting of a number of families claiming a common ancestor and following the same hereditary chieftain. . A division of a tribe tracing descent from a common ancestor. . A large group of relatives, friends, or associates. . . . . idka group of people that get together and make friendsOk, Imagine your friends, there's a gruop of them, yes?? That's somewhat like a clan. Just a group of friends or people who are fighting for a cause, that's all.Clans are just another word for Famliy or related group of people.Clans are groups of people that all play the same game on xbox 360, usually you can make a clan with xbox live if you have a game that supports it. Halo2 has many clans
It's more profitable for Sega to be in the software business than to be in the hardware business.  The Dreamcast wasn't a bad console, but unfortunately for Sega, it was released after and before 2 behemoths, the PS1 and the PS2.  So, Sega didn't really have a chance to succeed.Dreamcast was alright, I actually had one. And they did start the whole online gaming thing you have to remember that, even though it was from a dial-up connection and you had to connect a keyboard and a mouse and you could only chat with people lol.. . I remember the only good games were Crazy Taxi, Echo?, and a fish game that I played. I wish they'd make that Crazy Taxi game again I really liked it.Sega announced that they were focusing solely on the software side of the market not too long after the release (and short lifespan) of the Dreamcast.. I doubt that Sega will ever try to reenter the console market, given their relative success as a software developer, and the difficulty and expense of competing in the console market now.Because the first one bombed. They didn't have that many games for it and the only game that was good was Resident Evil Code Veronica, which was later released on the PS2.uhh... SEGA said in 2000 that they are not making another system. Dreamcast sucked anyway cuz u couldn't get any major titles for it. U couldn't even get Madden.sega made a HUGE mistake by releasing the dreamcast. it bankrupted them. they got out of the business fo making hardware and have gone over to exclusively to makeing video games. much more profitable.it kinda bombed the first time, the system didn't have many people buying it. i dout theres going to be a secondLMAO. buddy sega bombed the dreamcast, since then sega has not touched nor even thought about re-entering the console market, and i dont even know where you HEARD that sega is makin a dreamcast 2. . besides why would you even by it since ps3/360,and wii are out?
With MS Word or with Adobe design, you can show grid and have photos fit to the grid . . .. . In word, go View > Toolbars > Drawing. . and then in the drawing toolbar, Draw > Grid and also check "snap to grid"I did something similar with a picture of my face.  I just bought some graph paper (8 squares to the inch) and printed the image on the paper.  Then I just had to go through and decide which squares to "x" out based on the darkness of each square.  It turned out really great for an 8" by 8" sketch.
My sister has it, if you like gore and killing zombies with random things (benches, bats, anything found in a mall) youll love it ^_~The game is awesome, it is fresh and new and has completely different feel than most survival/horror games.  The graphics aren't that great, but with the amount of zombies there are on one screen you will barely notice.. . I would rate the game 8.5/10.Good it is great, awesome zombie killing actions. You can use like just about everything in the game to kill zombies.
Does not really appeal to me, too many other things to do!  But fun for someone a bit younger and not so piled up with the trials and tribulations of life :DI've been a member for about a month now.  :)  Seems to work great!  I set up a POBox instead of using my home address.. . You can buy or make your own cards.  Printing them out on post-card style paper works really well, and my cards like that have been well recieved by others.never heard of it till now will give it a goThat sounds fun, but i'm not keen on giving out my name and address. And sending a postcard to someone in the same country as me doesn't have the same appeal, which I guess it quite well could be.
bragAsk other people any questions you may have. Asking questions uses up the points you earn from answering other peoples questions..    (choose me I need points!)As you gain more points you gain more privialges on answers.  You can answer more questions per day, and ask more questions per day.  Also each question you ask costs you some points.something.Brag.  That's about all you can do with them.
That is an illegal activity and as such can not be discussed here. For free games try Yahoo Games.Buy it you Idiot. Its a good game they should get money for doing a good job.I just finished Oblivion last month.  It is ABSOLUTELY worth the 50 bucks I paid for it, you should just buy it.. If you did find a website where you could steal the game, it would probably take you several days to download anyway since it's so huge.Its totally worth buying.. One of the few games that are actually.
You have to buy it in the store with money you earn from Career Mode on Medium, Hard or Expert mode. The amount of money you get depends on the score you get on the song. Easy mode offers no rewards when a song is completed.Try these link !. Good luck !. cheatplanet.gamesradar.com. www.cheatcc.com. www.cheatcodes.com/ . www.abby-cheat.com. www.neopets.com/games/cheat/index.phtmlthere is this site called game winners .com then to the left you should see ps2 xbox ect. then once you click on a counsul the letter it starts with a search what your looking forYou have to buy it in the store using your money you got in career mode
If you have an HDTV, you might as well get the premium because it comes with an HD-AV cable (otherwise, you don't get HD graphics). Whether or not you need a hard-drive depends on how much you'll be using Xbox Live and going online; it's a must-have if you're online all the time, to download demos, themes, etc. Otherwise, a local-only player should be fine with a memory card.mainly the harddrive and the wireless controllerthe better one comes with a wireless controller instead of the wired (10 dollars difference). a hard drive (100 dollars), ethernet cord (roughly 20-30 dollars), hd and av cable (40 dollars) and a wired headset (20 dollars)
You need to get a file transfer program (Look on google) and then switch it to the file that'll work. I'm not sure what type, but I'm sure it's on google. Then just burn it to the cd...find yourself an UNRAR extractor....google it...
You ability to get a 5-star wanted level is determined by your game progress.  The FBI will be after you when you reach a 4-star wanted level.  The National Guard will be after when you reach the 5-star wanted level.kill and destroy every cop u see on ur way. you need 5 starsyour wanted level must go up.i think 5 starsmake it to staunton island
if i knew the answer to that I would be somewhere sunny and warm, not here playing with yahoo answersHa.  If we knew that we sure wouldn't share the info.  We'd all be millionaires on a cruise ship somewhere instead of spending our time playing on the computer!!!Unlike most of the people on here who believe that have won, I'll give you the first step. . Step one  -  buy a ticket.Buy tickets and get the good numbers, stupid.A fool and his money...
I like the Xenosaga series, but this seems to be a love or hate game so you might want to rent it.FFX, hehe.  Or FFXI if you like the MMO scene, they're both fantastic games.  FFX has terrific graphics and a compelling story.  It's a game that makes you WANT to find out what happens.  I also thoroughly enjoyed the magic upgrading system in it.. As for FFXI, graphics again are top notch.  It has a strong community.  The job system in it is great.  You can switch from one job to another at any time with no penalty which makes replayability superior to any other game I've playedwell since u didn't specify im gonna assume u mean for the ps2 right? right now i would say that the best  rpg for ps2, aside from ff12 of course, would have to be phantasy star universe.. this game is almost as good as ff12 in my opinion and i have both... also there is a game called magna carta which is not new but is very ff like and hard to get these days... came out last yr i believe,.... very good game... and worth getting and playing even now ...but i'd really advise u ck out phantasy star universe...Dude Dark Cloud 2. I hate RPGs( turn based especially) but Dark Cloud 2 was freakin awesome. I spent like a whole summer playing that game. You can build like hundreds of your own weapons. You can build towns the way you want, and play as the monsters that you fight. The cell shaded graphics were really cool too. Man that was a great game.of course like everyone else is going to say FF7. . but one of my favorites is called . Dark Cloud (the graphics are good considering when it was made, Great Story and Great Gameplay)THE BEST GAMES RIGHT NOW ARE KINGDOM HEARTS 1&2. YEAH THEY MAY SEEM CHILDISH BECAUSE OF  DISNEY'S PARTICIPATION WITH SQUEENIX BUT THE GAMES ARE NOT A CAKE WALK. IT TOOK ME 47 HRS TO BEAT KH1 I'M AT 43.5 HRS ON KH2 AND STILL HAVEN'T BEAT IT YET. IT ALSO DOES INCLUDE APPEARANCES FROM AN ALL-STAR CAST FROM THE FF SERIES. AND THE STORY IS VERY WELL WRITTEN. I HAVE A VEYR HARD TIME PUTTING THE CONTROLLER DOWN BUT WHEN KH3 COMES OUT ITS GOING TO BE ON PS3 (99% SURE) AND I SHUT IT OFF SO I CAN WORK FOR $ TO BUY  ONE.
some card games use the jokers and i know in poker they use the jokers sometimes.. they are used for wild cards and used for extra points in a hand or to make a hand....Some card games include the Joker as a playable card.those bastards!  They are the same ones who gave the people with balls the bicylces with bars.  I am not sure why they gave out 2 extra jokers, but I have had my knees crossed ever since.  Hope that made you smile!They aren't charging anything for them, so keep quiet about it. We got a good thing going here.The joker is an American innovation. Created for the Alsatian game of Euchre, it spread to Europe from America along with the spread of Poker (although its use in poker has largely faded). Although the joker card often bears the image of a fool, which is one of the images of the Tarot deck, it is not believed that there is any relation. In contemporary decks, one of the two jokers is often more colorful or more intricately detailed than the other, though this feature is not used in most card games. The two jokers are often differentiated as "Big" and "Little," or more commonly, "Red" and "Black." In many card games the jokers are not used. Unlike face cards, the design of jokers varies widely. Many manufacturers use them to carry trademark designs.
I Dont Know But I've Been Wanting To Get One To.U Should Look For A Store Without All Those PeopleI'll travel to Japan to buy one for you if you pay me enough . . .There might be one ray of hope for you. If you can make it to the Best Buy on La Brea and Santa Monica in Los Angeles, California, I heard there are line squatters who you can pay to take their place in line. Otherwise, your chances are a big fat 0% of buying it from a store.You have a little chance of getting the PS3 tommorow. you most likely have to get it next week unless you find a store with no lines like best buyyeah i wouldnt be to worried abot the ps3 anyways. the price is a little steap. i think most ppl are rushing to gt it but are gonna find themselves a bti disapointed. me im buying one but i will wait a yr or two when the price comes down. cause ther eis no way in hell im paying 600 for a machine that wont make me happy. ill stick with my xbox and xbox 360.slime to nonei hate it when ppl say that $600 is not worth it i mean when u think about it ur saving a lot since it's a blu-ray player, dvd player, video game player (obviously), and a music player. I mean come on it's totally worth it....oh and ur chances if ur not already in line or didn't preorder are slim to none....0%i would just wait  month or so for the world to calm down before you buy one. I can't see the reasoning behind spending $600.00 on a video game im a huge gamer but i have to draw the line somewhere.your chances are a snowflakes chance in hell. from what i heard each store is getting about eight (8) systems. and i drove by one with like 30 people outside. man they are gonna be disapointed.0 chance.  If you are typing this question today, then you are already too late.
MMMMMMM...........to get a new shortcut icon for the pool game on ur desktop, right click the current icon, click properties/click change icons, and locate a file in ur pc to use as the icon. u prolly already know this so sry if this doesn't help much but as far as websites to download icon files from, im not sure good luck!
well you might just have a horrible computer and is your cache like your programs, if not you might haave 2 many things installedYou may want to check the available space on your computer. Make sure you have enough to run it sufficiently.  Clear out your cashe, temp folders, cookies... etc.. This should help with the speed of the game.
Their is a program that you can download called Emulators. Its basically a virtural playstation 2 on your computer. You download this program, and also many games that are available for it. To my knowledge, this is Legal, as long as you have the games in physical form, meaning that you have the game Spiderman the Movie on game that was purchased. The emulators can be found anywhere if you look hard enough.As far as i am aware you cannot.  If anyone knows otherwise I would be keen to know about it . ")there are NO general emulators of the PS2 for the PC. so either get a real PS2 or keep playing ps1 games on the pc which you can do with epsxeNow that is enough ! How can u ask such questions....and people are even replying saying that they are not sure...why are u not sure of smthing u have been living with....C'mon guys it is NOT POSSIBLE.....the format of PS2 games is only runable on the PS2 consoles and they have patented the design and i'm sure will never sell to Microsoft or to any OS company for that matter. . . Enjoy the game only and only on SONY PS2's !. . Be unconventional................ . Bohemian!!!!!!!!!i don't think you can either.  maybe there is a special software you can download to play ps2 games on the computer but i doubt it.you have all the right to ask this question...for me i really love to play on pc much more than on ps2.... there are emulators like the guys said and its legal but the unleagal thing is the bios and the plugins that u must put into the emulator in order to make it work and u only can get these things from a presaled PS2 _which will make it legal if its yours_ ..or from other sources u previously know... anyway its not very effective at all...its too much slow and not enjoyable. maybe u have to wait till they produce another version with more reliabilityPlaying PS2 games on pc is possible, you need an emulator designed to read PS2 files.first of all why would you want to play your ps2 games on the pc anyways? you buy ps2 games to play it on the ps2... that's why they sell game consoles!! or else it's just another pc game.
Say the message and wait a few seconds in between. If you do it too fast, you get an error message.. . Don't ask me how I know this. :)Why in the world would you want to know how to flood a room?Does Habbo actually make you that mad?Well take it from me I have flooded plenty of chatrooms to where it kicks everyone out except me and when they all come back I kick em all out again and get banned but hey that is the fun of it.Get your character map up in start/all programs/accessories/system tools.And use that to make up a sentance or phrase keep in mind since it is your first time you will have to play around with it but it is soooooooooooo sweet when you finally get it.
10  (and fyi-there is only one x)Letter X is a 8 point tileThe value of the X tile is 8 pts but you can increase your points depending on where you put in on the board.. . check out these hilarious Scrabble shirts!. . http://www.cafepress.com/sofaking_kool/1942008The X is a letter which is worth 8 points.  The blank which can be anything, is worth 0 point.8 points for the X. But it depends where you place it. If you place it on a double letter square you will get 16. This is of course for the official Scrabble (I play at Scrabulous - http://www.scrabulous.com - so if you are meaning some other type of Scrabble I am not sure)In the English. version, the single X tile has a face value of 8 points.  But it can score has much as 48 points if you use it to make two words at once placing it on triple letter score space.  For example. if there is. an A above a TWS and a O to its left you can play X and make Ax and Ox scoring 50 points.. . If you use a blank, it scores 0 no matter what letter it represents, although if it is on a Double or Triple Word square, you get that. bonus.,. . Another important aspect of X is that it makes 5 two-letter words:Ax, Ex, Ox, Xi and Xu. These are all in the Official Scrabble Players Dictionary.. . I am a Scrabble tournament player and director,Hi,. It is the space you have to cover to begin the game.  If you mean the one on the board.  Otherwise it is a alphabet  letter worth 8 points.. Have fun playing.8
In my opinion, some levels are too hard.. . Use the cheat codes. :)  That way you can keep giving yourself health, ammo, tanks ect.. so you don't die.. . Link below for PS2 cheat codes... easy to find pc cheat codes too.Yes of course i know
Because it's possible to get used to analog controller controls for FPS games, and most people are unwilling to invest the money necessary to have a good gaming PC, so they settle for a console. However, they still want to be able to play FPS games, so therefore game companies still make them.Because people are willing to exchange money for them.  If the market went away, so would the games.  Why does it bother you?  If you don't want a FPS on a console, don't buy one.Sounds like you sit on your butt alot playing those games on the PC eh? I bet I'm right!Well.. given the insane success of Halo and Halo 2... . I'd say the answer is, "Because people buy them."  o.O. . *edit*. Wow, Dear Whatever-Jerk. Thank you for giving me a negative rating for answering correctly, just because you don't like this perticular aspect of basic economics.. . *gives whatever-jerk a negative rating for being insecure and taking it out on others around him*. . God? Why did you make the stupid people and why so many?I play FPS's for both consoles(Halo1&2, DAH(3rdperson)) and for PC(little bit of CS, lots of C&C Renegade, lots of HaloPC) and I personally find that for consoles I feel like I'm more immersed in the actual fighting, besides the difference in games pressing a trigger and moving a thumbstick just feels like your more apart of the action than using WASD and clicking on ppl's heads(which is all HS's really amount to at the most basic level on the pc). . Not to mention that as more and more consoles get internet access most FPS's on consoles become just as viable/profitable for multiplayer on a console as on a pc and become even more profitable as people have to pay to access the internet through these consoles(just look at XBOX Live and Halo2 1 Billion games played already)
kuribohs cuss how ever week they are thay always keep you're LP safe.my favorite monster is the same of you  good choiceI like Dark Magician of Chaos . bringing back a spell card is very useful. removing mosters u destroy is also usefulum, i like the magical marrionette. she's awesome. one time i wanted to play yugioh with sumone, but the only one around who knew how to play it didn't bring his deck. so i took out all the ritual and fusion cards and split my deck. he got the magical marrionette in his deck and slaughtered me with it.i mainly like mirror force but i also like jinzo and all the elemental herosahh blue eyes white dragon and blade knight and black luster. soldier and neos they all have my back. especially blue eyes. i barely use it now. but i do my pck-001 blue eyes white. dragon always leads me to victory. this one time i went against ra in a duel and i summond blue eyes ultimate and it was destroyed so i reborned with call of the haunted then i used. diffusion then i activated aqua chorus and megamorph. and i whopped him with 9000 attack and then attack him directly.Lets see favorite yugioh monster? I like alot of them like man eater bug. I have to say Jinzo because it completely revolutionized the game and made people think twice before loading their decks with traps. And I like the art too. Dark magician of chaos is cool also. I love its effect. It makes me wonder it isn't so popular. The effect could change the outcome of the game quickly.D.D. Warrior Lady. She's just very inspiring. Even though she's injured she still fights to defend the Different Dimension Gate. Plus her effect is very versatile. You don't have to remove the monster that destroys it and you can remove monster you attack if you don't want their effects to go off.blue eyes white dragon. . wish it could have been a purple eyes black dragon though!! :)*smack you* grow up dude, lol nah i like Relinquished, I dont play it anymore... but when i did... i always kicked but w/ him... he needed something speciall to summen him tho... cant remember what...How old are 12 or ,do have no life?
Okay... well, those are not good things to do 'cuz they will come back to haunt you... it depends on how short he cut it, how old he is, and how fast your hair grows. If it is not cut very short, then just rearrange his room and put seventeen magazines where his friends would find them. If it is short, melt his favorite videogame in its box.... I'm evil but don't do anything too major.i would cut just parts of his hair off so he would have to go bald....Good luck and have fun!!!!Why is this question just for the girls?. Because this story is fake, you only want to know the girls answer because you know how cruel and vindictive they are, and that turn you on, freak.. . If you get revenge then the violence will not stop, dont get revenge, talk to him, if that dont work talk to your parents.. Dont kick him in the privates you GAY:. Some facts about testicle trauma:. -It may cause the victim to throw up.. -It may cause the victim to passout.. -Scar tissue.. -It may cause “testicular torsion”, by initiating a muscle spasm; this is rare but is a medical emergency, testicular torsion may not happen immediately after the trauma.. -Testicles move freely and are slippery to avoid trauma, but if the trauma sustained by the testicle is hard enough (50Kg), the testicle will POP(rupture), and then probably must be removed. This is rare, and usually is associated with sport injuries when not wearing a cup. Even when can be repaired, the resulting inflammation will turn most of the contents into permanent damaged material.. -Even a medium force trauma will cause the destruction of spermatozoa-production cells. It will not cause sterility because those cells are in massive quantities, however those cells do not regenerate, it is permanent damage. And if hit many times or too hard, it may cause infertility, because the sperm count/mobility must be acceptable in order to get a woman pregnant by natural means.. -Will also reduce spermatozoa production as a result of hormonal changes, one of those changes is testosterone reduction.. -Erection problems.. -May damage the epididymis, and that is critical, because sperm must be stored there to gain mobility to be able to swim.. -May rupture major blood vessels, and draining the scrotum will be needed. Or microscopic veins inside the testicles, this will permanently destroy cells indirectly.. -In case of very hard trauma, the testicle/s can swell for more than a weak, with resulting excruciating pain and severe damage from prolonged heavy inflammation. The swelling it is similar to mumps, but in the case of mumps it will cause sterility for sure, and the testicles(usually just one) will shrink too, very sad and scary.. -In some cases may cause the antibodies to start attacking the person own sperm.. -It may even cause death as result of PAIN, heart will fail right away or will begin to fail(heart beat will became fast and irregular, usually face and lips very white) until finally stops, this is called “neurogenic shock”, and it is not that rare like people think, most of the times the victim is saved because gets medical attention on time, it will need shocks to the heart using the defibrillator!.
Depends on your ISP. I don't think it's possible to have two people "logged on". Your question is kinda vague.I don't think you can unless you have more than one pc.
Don't worry about it - curses are not real.  Anytime you've been cursed, you instantly assume that bad things happen because of the curse.  In reality, those bad things would have happened anyway, but now you have an excuse.. . But, just in case, read below.There is a certain type of root (Witcheye, I think) that will kill off the curse.  You can get it from various places in the game.  Also, there are some spells which cleanse curses as well (cleanse is one of them.)
=below is the official site for these and there is even a forum and lots of other information.  You have chosen a great hobby.  You can also go to e bay and find some great deals there as well.  Good luck and always have fun.the lowest price 50c and highest 50$And i am not jokingno
can of hair spray.....bic lighter.....enjoy paying for the fire department visit.yea take a lighter and some aerosol hairspray. Light the lighter then  spray the hairspray and wala you got yourself a cheap flamethrower. Im sure the baby brother will love it and so will your parents.contact the B.A.T.F.E. and inform them that you need plans for a flame thrower.   I am sure you will get a response.
I have seen this done but I can't do it, it looks good though. If you find out how to do it let us knowdon't get it . but  good job for your friend !
This is because you have to have a winzip program to decompress it before you put it in your game.  Once you do this, you have to move the file you want to the proper folder...  For example.. if it is homes you are downloading you would.. .... goto ...Nightlife, goto...TS Data, goto... Res, goto... Lot Templates and put file there.... once you extract the file BEHAND... it should work in the game.  If it isn't homes you are downloading, examine what it is your are downloading and check out the files in the nightlife folder and find on that matches as closely as possible to what you are trying to do.Okay, anything in a winzip file needs to be extracted from the file in order to work. To do this right click on the file and choose extract then follow directions. You need to let it open the folder when you finish to make sure nothing inside the folder needs to be unzipped. If it has a sim2pak (blue thing like from the official site) you will still need to double click it to install and if it is a clothing item you need to pull it from the folder that it is in and put it into the downloads folder. If you take something from it's folder you can delete the empty folder. Hope this helps.Did you put the zip in the right place? . . My Documents&#92;EA Games&#92;The Sims 2&#92;Downloads. . If so, try taking it out of the Zip. Does the file end in ".package"? it should.it depends where it is from. if it is from the sims 2 game website it is in your sim file on drive c or something like that. but if you get it off a diff site you need to put it in your downloads folder in the sims2,documents, if you dont have a downloads folder make one called "downloads" . open your document downloads then you will have to extract themFirst of all: You need to make sure you have your downloads in your downloads folder.. I have had this problem before and so I went to www.modthesims.com and downloaded Q-Xpress. When you download something make sure you save it under the downloads area and then open Q-Xpress and click browse and look for that file that you saved. Then click install and it should be in your game! Hope I helped!
yes.. what is it that you need to know?. if you have any questions feel free to send them to me but make sure your email address has been confirmed by yahoo or i won't be able to respondi'm sorry i don't know what you are talking about.
you have to get far enough in the game that one of the characters gives you a big enough bag to hold them in then go places and cut grass. or travel on the sea and when you see a glowing beam use your grappling hook and dig for treasure.i dont know but at least i got points thanx oh and if you look anything like your avatar e-mail me ishboo_neyo@yahoo.com
wat the first guy saidSome of the things I like about them are all the things I'd go to prison for doing in real life. In a video game I can drive like a complete moron, go as fast as I want, crash into stuff, kill people or just beat them up, and blow things up! I also get to fly all kinds of planes and helicopters, and shoot guns that don't even exist in real life. They also help with hand/eye coordination a little.Hand-eye coordination. Faster reaction time. SOME games are even educationalhand eye cordinationhand and eye coordinaton. fun. keeps you alert.hand eye coordination improvesMore complex games, such as a a strategy game or even something like Metroid or Zelda that forces you to solve problems to get from point A to point B encourages critical thinking...Makes your fingers stronger and more dexterous which is beneficial when you have a girl in the backseat of your car
you don't ...don't be an easy PREY for this scam...in the end you will end up BROKE and in DEBT...so do yourself a favor and delete the email before i read a question from you that wants to know how to get all the money you lost back!!!!It's a scam.  Yahoo is not running any such contest.  Whoever really sent this was hoping you would answer and then try to get credit card numbers or bank account numbers to "verify your identity" or to "transfer the funds".  Once you give them that info, you're screwed.  Best site in the world for scams and hoaxes is www.snopes.com.scam spam. . if yahoo was giving that amount away - they would REALLY be promoting it to get the FULL effect of their advertising dollar. . sorry - we are still poor - you and me. but we are happy !Did you buy a lottery ticket?. If not this is a scam. I get about five per day.. Just delete it and ignore it... . www.fraudaid.com/ScamSpam/Lottery/lottery_scam_names.htm www.scambuster419.co.uk/lottery.htm. antivirus.about.com/cs/hoaxes/p/lottery.htm. www.sophos.com/security/hoaxes/lotterywin.htm. .  please forward it to mail-spoof@cc.yahoo-inc.com.Yes this is bogus, if they are giving you money then don't give them anything more than your home address.  They can send the cheque to your house.  Fat chance of that happening, make sure you do not give them any bank account numbers or anything like that.  Have a great day, and do not go out and buy that Corvette until the cheque has been deposited into your account for at least one month.Don't try to contact anyone as this is a SCAM...... For more details, Google "yahoo lotto scam"Sorry to inform you but that's completely false. . It is the first time I've heard anyone "winning" any money (especially $800,000) from Yahoo. IF and only IF it was true, I am positive Yahoo would have already advertised this. Plus, I doubt they'd give away that much every week, no? Common sense. So, delete and ignore, you have a better chance winning a few bucks playing the lotto, he he.
That is because we have so many people who think nothing of stealing what they want rather than paying for it.  It is easier to hide a small Barbie doll than the entire box.  Sad situation.Toys are shipped from overseas. Main reason they are in there so well, is so contents won't shift during shipping. . Reason number 2 is to reduce retail theft.to stop shop lifters.. the toys are 4 kids, kids do anyting to get wat they want like toys.if its hard for an adult to open a toy a kid is not going to do better.Retailers have a had a hand in manufacturers development of incredibly difficult to open packaging.  The theory is that if you, the consumer, destroy the package while opening the retailer isn't obligated to accept it as a return.   Sneaky, huh?
Rent a wet saw from a local tool rental shop.  It's a tool designed to cut ceramic tiles. stone and masonary.a katana would serve well but its hard to find one so use a jigsaw ever heard of one its a blade with a flat piece of metal on it it should cut through but if you saw it for a week that might work too i mean with a normal saw go to your local hardware store and ask
why what's wrong with video games? This is my treatment, instead of a gamer being with someone who hates video games they should be with someone who will find it romantic to play video games and shoot eachother...My boyfriend and I are happy playing video games together, I have a full time job and we have awesome sex...I think people just need to put into perspective what they really want and need. I don't need treatment.If someone functions successfully in society and is happy playing video games why try to change them? . . I don't know the situation you are talking about, whether it be a child or an adult who isn't functioning. I don't know if you are talking about someone you personally would like to spend more time with. You should give us all the details and then I could answer your question. Every situation is unique. I had an almost complete stranger tell me I was addicted to games because I didn't want to go out with him. I can tell you that I am not addicted. This was just someones personal opinion who knew next to nothing about my life except that I was having an exceptionally good week with my game. . . And now I am going to get off my soapbox."Addiction" is a very powerful word, as addiction is a very powerful thing.  I believe if someone is "addicted" to video games, the problem isn't the video games themselves, the problem is in the reason for someone becoming addicted (to anything) in the first place.  People who like to play video games aren't addicted simply because they don't want to stop playing.  . . Someone who is "addicted" to video games most likely has other addictions as well which are probably more of a threat to him/herself.  Anyone with addiction problems should seek treatment from a doctor, or help from family, friends, and support groups.Limit playing time to an hour a day or something.  Find other things to do instead of playing video games.  You can go out or just do other things.  Don't waste your whole life playing video games.Remove the games and equipment from the environment and the addiction is resolved. The problem is not the games, its the parents who use them as babysitters.If it's on a website block the website (I don't exactly know how to do it but my friend was addicted to runescape once and that's what her mom had to do to get her to stop playing- then she decided she didn't want to be addicted at all and she smashed her own internet modem... i wouldn't advise that)Don't buy cell phones, go out ever, and most importantly Don't pay the power bill!The best prevention of video game is that you socialize with the person who is addicted. More you socialize less he/she be addicted to video games.you dont couse its owsome. you sould play veido games.and its not a bad thing your mean to gamers.you must be a lamer.. . . p.s. the wii rulesBreak Hide or Sell the system you play it for. After withdrawal breaks them they will heal and find anew.
"Binary Code" random numbers aranged together to stand for words, sadly I can't read Binary code. Basically a glitch in Nintendo's early games.its a pokemon thats rare though if u catch it ur game is erase like mines u should run away or kill it if u see 1I don't think it's a picture of anything in particular. It's just random marks arranged to look like an Lok heres what you should do, place a valued item [other than bike] in the 6th slot of your item bank, then fight the missingno and beat it!! it should multiply the item to 99 but son't use it to 0 use it to 1 then do it again!!Missingno is sort-of glitched. It is basically a L shape that can change into a Kangaskan at some times. It's evolve form is that same pokemon, and it has two of the same attack.
your not smart enough to understand a few simple rulesIt takes a while to learn it..... . . It took me over a month of playing everyday to get it down right.. It just takes time and patience !! You'll get it.. I love the game I play it all the time now and my score it pretty high :]your question is not understandableMaybe you should learn the game by reading a book on it. . it is a hard game to be good atbecause you don't know how to write with proper grammar and don't know how to use your web browserdownload a latest Java and temporary turn off your pop up blocker. . standard chess linkcause its boring
It depends on what qualifications (if any) and experience (again if any).. . Your local careers office should be able to point you in the right direction and usually have some very good contacts.Unfortunately everyone in IT i know has had to start by working on a help desk, which is pure torture (speaking from experience) but it gets your foot in the door and if you chose a games company to work for then you can tell your boss of your objectives and see if they will allow you to work towards them. Sorry, I know its not much help.
SOCOM games are really fun online. Really difficult, but fun.Try the Need for Speed series.
attack it you stupid idiotStart by casting Dispel on it to get rid of its buffs. It uses some decent magic, so I recommend keeping it Silenced. You can also Blind and/or Slow it to lessen its chance of hitting you.. . It should be a much easier fight if it's got bad status effects--and especially if you've got some good ones, like Haste or Protect.
make sure that they are compatible with eachother, and go to their website to check out why it's not working.. . by the way, thanks for helping me out with my question.  i hope i helped too.It may be your ssytem. Some CDs will only play on certain systems.  Is yours old or too new?  Call your tech guy for computer or help on the CD.maybe it needs a dvd rom to play?go to wal mart and get a good cdmaybe its just a crappy game..*shrugs*
a game. a toyThey have no power whatsoever. They're just a game you buy in a box at Spencers. They're manufactured in bulk at some toy factory. Believing that a piece of cardboard and plastic can answer the unknown is ridiculous.They are silly superstition......BUT they can be a fun game to play with a group of friends. Turn out all the lights, light a bunch of candles around the floor and sit in a circle around the board, asking silly/scary questions. Pretending that you're communicating with the supernatural is as innocent a jump into fantasy as tarot cards, playing a video game, or engaging yourself for 2 hours in the plot of a sci-fi movie or a fantasy novel.They are a silly and fun game. That's it. Nothing cosmic or supernatural about it. Just a game. Have fun with it.Not at all powerful. It was a game used by 4 year olds about 20 years back.are you questioning the power of a quiji board?!?!. how dare you. they are one of the most powerful creations everrrrrrr
Hi,. That means you are going high and taking all or going nil and taking none.. Glad I could help you out. Have fun playing.The term is "Shoot the Moon" and you do it if you have a hand that can take every point.A bid to win all 13 hands.  Usually worth 500 points.  Some play a successful moon bid as an automatic win.  The term or the variant "shoot the moon" is used in a number of card games including spades, hearts, euchre, and ROOK and typically refers to a bid or attempt to win all the hands or all the points, sometimes simply by showing your starting hand and demonstrating that there is no way for your opponents to stop you.
I'm kinda mad too. Zelda is a slow paced game at first but besides that there's nothing I can see in particular that's bad. It's so fun how you can shoot with the Wiimote and I heard the game is like 80 hours long! The game at least deserves a 9.3.I rarely trust someone else's opinion on a game over my own.  As long as you enjoy it, why worry about someone else rating it an 8.8?  It's one reviewer's opinion anyways, not the entire site.  Just read the review, then read a handful of user reviews and see what is and isn't really a problem.  8.8 does seem underrated but isn't bad for Gamespot.whats that out of? 10? thats pretty goodIf you disagree and dislike Gamespot, why does it matter? Reviews are subjective. Take what's helpful and leave the rest.
A friend of mine visited the hospital where they are made(born). She said the tourist that are there actually scream out names when on of them is born.  That is why they end up with crazy names that don't really go together on their birth certificate The people that work there just put two names togather that the audience yells outi personally always thougth that they pick two names from a hat.  I had one called Effalyn.  What kinda name is that?My friend little girl's Cabbage Patch doll was named Bobbie Rita, I don't think that sounds very Goddess-like. I never heard how they picked the names, but the way some of them are put together the pulling them out of a hat theory sounds about right.When  they  were  coming  out with the cabbage patch  kids  they  did  pick names for each doll.  I  remember an ad for  it   that  the kids  get  to  pick  the  name of  their doll  then they  would mail it  into the company  and weeks later  the kid  would  get his or  her doll  with  the  name  they  pick and  stuff l ike that.
Buy 1?Trace or transfer the cartoon image to a piece of shrink plastic. Your best bet would be to find a large image in a coloring book,trace it onto the shrink plastic and color with colored pencils then cut out and punch a hole at the top with a 1/4" paper punch (after shrinking it will be small enough to just pass a jump ring through) then shrink in the oven according to the package instructions. This way you can have  the right character in just the right pose.
Just hold down the control key.tools-internet options-privacy-sites. . copy and paste the yahoo address into the space and add the site to allowwhat they said XDHold the control button down as you click
You might try placing it differently. The side furthest from the placer must be on the street. Or if you are still having difficulty try reinstalling your game or getting an update from the Sims online website. Also make sure your not trying to place a driveway extension without a driveway.I don't have that problem.  If you want to put it somewhere it won't let you, use the cheat "move_objects on" and you can place an object wherever you want it.  Try using that then add the driveway.you can type the cheat (moveObjects on) then it shud let u pce any where. get cheat box by pressing (shift Ctrl c)
Advantage: You are playing the game and enjoy it till the end. Disadvantage: You lose time so that you miss doing your homework. Remedy: Find a job in gaming and animationthe adv would be increase the demand in the pc game market and make the multimedia industry grows high. the disadv would be addicted to pc games and spend more in front of pc rather than meeting people. it'll be less interaction between people in the future.Disadvantege. For example you want a game so bad the next day you buy it and then you find out your computer need better graphics for minimal requirements.i have my first pc game playing Dune 1. advantage is it tends to keep your mind active in solving puzzle. disadvantage is the hard game that not all average players can finishadvantage: you dont need the CD after u install it and u can upgrade for better graphics without buyin another pc. . . disadvantage: other programs might slow down the game while ur playing it. thats the reason why i spend money on only ps2 games
If i remember correctly you have to get some paper then type the friend code on it then send it to any friend and sooner or later you should get the present in the mail. If thats what your talking about. (Sorry if I am not right)Easy, Open your menu, by pressing y, or w/e, or just touching the arrow, and I believe it is the Yellow Tab (I Think a Key or a group of people are on it) That's how :)
Did your sim have children when they were thinking that? if so, i think it means they want to call a nanny! either that or what you said, adopting a baby!they prob have the family or pleasure aspiration so that means one of there favorite subjects are going to be babies, also if a sim is pregnant they show that a lot. If you see it they prob want to have a baby.They're only 'thinking' about it.. . Check your sims' aspiration for what they really want.I think you're right.  I love that game so much!  I can't play it while I have school or I'd never do homework.yesWHen that happens, it means my sim is pregnetyes!Yes, it means they want to adopt. that comes up often with single family orientated people. Also with same sex couples. There is no symbol for wanting to hire a nanny, except the caregiver exhausted and passed out on the floor in a puddle of their own urine, that's a pretty clear sign to me ;)
depends on amount and what jurisdiction.  if it's big enough, many states will pay as an annuity or in a lump sum, usually less than half the advertised amount.  and i still would like to find out what that's like.Most lotteries and even tv game shows pay large amounts over a 10 or 20 year period. It depends on the lottery.
they banned them - marlboro tooI am pretty sure they banned it.  Determined it was encouraging kids to smoke.  You can find some of the old promo items on EBay, but can't get anything new from the company.
Go for a nice walk on the beach to collect your shells, saves shelling out cash for them :)!  Seriously, presume you need to collect the shells and coloured laces to thread through them - much kinder than fishing wire.  Try hobby shops if not near the beach.  Shell necklaces seem to be rather fasionable right now and can be subtle or dramatic - both look good.start collecting pretty shells, and make wholes in themshells. . . . . . . string. . . . . . . . i thinkGo to the dollar store, by some seashells and some string and there you have it.use a small drill to make the whole to thread the fishing wire through.. . before you start on that bit boil the shells in vinigar first this will take the fishy smell out . then varnishYou might be able to get some shells from a pet shop, as they use them as decorations for tanks and things...If you are near the coast then obviously collect your own. it also depends on the number of shells you want to put in the necklace,. and definatley use coloured string or leather (Available from craft shops). The most difficult part is drilling the holes in them and it is advisable to pick up large broken peices of shell to practice on. The best way to hold the shell for drilling is to pack an old large sock or pair of tights with either sand or saw dust, this can then be shaped to rest the shell in wrap tape around the shell to hold it in place leaving space forthe hole to be drilled and finally use a drill bit for drilling metal and set the drill on slow speed, one last tip do not press 2 hard let the drill bit do the work
the hm fly is located in the wyvern dungeon on the 30th floor a.  key is needed just make sure u have a escape ball with u so u don't get killed if that happens u LOSE all your money and items. that u picked up on your journey.good luck :)i have no idea but i saw this question, and i literally have my game boy open playing pokemon yellow, and i had to say, FLY IS AN HM STUPID!!!!
possible boot legged gameYou need to be a lot more specific with a question like this.... . It could be a number of things.
If the arrangement of cards is just a pattern (like each card is 4 higher than the last card and a different suit), then you can have the audience cut the cards as many times as they want, but not shuffle them. . . If they have to shuffle them, you can always keep a second prearranged deck in your pocket, and after shuffling switch gears to another trick, pocket that deck for later, and bring out the second deck a trick later.. . Finally, most books on card tricks have a chapter in the beginning on various false shuffles that you could use to keep the order of some or all of the deck.Unless completely necessary, do not let them handle the deck.  I know what you are talking about though.  My Dad does a trick that involoves a person cutting the deck.  Sounds simple, right?  Take the bottom half and put on top of the top half.  Well, the people will start to shuffle.  My Dad now tells them, "With one hand, cut the deck."  Hard to shuffle cards with only one hand.. . Also, remember, there are people who love to mess up magic tricks.  They are sort of like hecklers in a comedy club.  I guess if makes them feel smarter or gets them attention or something.  You can do what comedians do and come up with contingency plans to deal with these situations.  Keep and extra deck in your pocket and when the person shuffles the first one, say "Now that we have shuffled the sacrifical deck, we can move on to the trick with this new deck of cards."  This time, do not let the shuffler get hold of the deck.HI,. Before you hand them the cards, REPETE now cut don't shuffle the cards please. Have fun!well its one of those things the audience knows you need to set the deck up -- i have done this before, its always an issue -- so if u are going to do random tricks, make sure they are ones that odnt require the dedck to be set up or that it can b easily fixed
Email support@pokerstars.net and tell them to close the account.  Or simply don't play there any more.  It's just a play money web site, why do you need to close the account anyway?search here.... . http://google.com/coop/cse?cx=010292655986361953228%3Ai_yvduq0ri4
I'd say buy Sims 2 for Cp if u have one. I honestly dont like it for any of the video game systems..it is wayy too hard to play that way.Cp is alot better.Plus Sims 2 is fun, your people die and get older and all that fun stuff you couldn't do with the regular sims!!Hi!  I'd say that you should get a decent PC & buy 'The Sims 2' and possibly 'Open for Business' [ep].  Good combo, and if you like to build houses, get great tools.PC . Big hint ALL THE SIMS 2 GAMES EXCEPT SIMS 2 HOLIDAY EDITION AND THE SIMS 2 ARE EXPIATION PACKS. . u will have to buy the Sims 2 or Sims 2 holiday edition to play any other Sims 2 gamesthe best thing to buy the sims for is PC.  THat way you can compile lots of downloaded content, you can add on all of the expansion packs, and it is the only verson that has the FULL features of the sims 2.. . However, if you have a really bad computer that can't handle a very resource-needy computer game, then you should get it for PS2 or whatever.
It depends on who you ask. There are many different ideas about why people play the lottery. Sociologists, for example, believe that people play because of their social networks, with the lottery giving them something to talk about with their friends on a regular basis. Psychologists say that playing the lottery is a response to feeling lucky or being in a good mood. Economists believe the lottery is about people wanting more money, but not understanding they have virtually no chance of actually winning. I  believe that many people who buy tickets are simply "addicted to the fun.". I play because it helps fund my local school sysyem, and it would be really cool if I ever won.  When we see a nice house or an advertisement for a cruise, my wife and I joke and say, "As soon as we win the lottery, we'll buy that."every body wants to win..especially if you only have to spend little.. Its a way to please your self ..get something for nothing... but its a bad...habit and . if its free then its going to have very little value in the END.. . And its a mighty huge business for some..making more money out of all the suckers..who wanna get rich quick... take care dilutedI play for the same reason everyone else does,to get rich quick.Now please quit asking the same question over and over,Thank you.
n pogo?  i am having the same prob must b pogo.  sorry no better answer than thatOnly some of the games in pogo are free others you need to be a member. You also need to sign in before you can play,you also need to turn off poppup blocker in pogo.
It is a MMORPG (massive multiplayer online role playing game).. Why is it famous? Well, a lot of people get addicted to it then they tell their friends to play it which of course also get addicted, and the cycle goes on. But personally, I think it is a waste of money.....Ragnarok is the final battle between the gods and the giants in Norse mythology.. . It isn't that famous.. . Edit:  To correct a later entry, Fenrir is a giant wolf.  Jormungandr is the giant serpent who encircles the world.  The wolf brothers Skoll and Hati are the ones who devour the sun (and the moon).  In Ragnarok,  Fenrir kills Odin, and Jormungandr kills Thor.. . Second Edit:  Didn't notice the games category.In Norse mythology, Ragnarok is the end of days, brought upon by Fenrir, the giant serpent who surrounds the earth, swallowing the sun, and the gods falling into a deep sleep.It is a massive multiplayer online role playing game.i quitted this game a few years back. but it's really cool once you get addicted.It is only famous in some parts of Asia (Namely Korea and Philippines). But in some countries like America, they didn't even heard of it. In the Philippines it's a dying business already that's why they always make the experience point x2 or even x10.Since this is in the games catagory. I will assume you mean Ragnarok Online. Its a large MMO based in Korea and because of that it has a very large player base. Many people find it very addicting and enjoy the community. I did not care for it.
Considering they are among the most popular fish in the universe, I would think there must be close to 1/2 million sites! www.africancichlids.org is a good start.go to a pet store and ask for helponline or bookstore.You can look up this information on line under Fresh water fish and aquariums. You can also go to DrsFosterSmith.com the catalogs are very helpful (however I've never been to the website) good luck!The pet store where you purchased them should be able to tell you exactly how to care for them; if not, I would be very wary of buying anything else from that retailer.  Your local library will also have a good selection of books on pet care/fish care, as would your local bookstore.
Hubbub is possibly from the Irish and related to the Scottish Gaelic 'ub ub' (interj. of contempt). It means noise, uproar, confusion. In general, turmoil.It means 'What's all the noise or confusion?'I would compare it to whats up dudea 50's kind of way of sayin what's goin down
Two options for you:. 1.  take a cure disease potion.  if you don't have one, you can probably buy them at any alchemist or mage's guild.. 2.  go to a church.  if you pray at the central altar, it should cure diseases and repair your attributes.be warned, you cant get cured at alter if you have a high infamy ratingthe easiest way is to go to a chapelIn addition to the two stated methods there are (at least) 2 more:. . 3.  Eat an ingredient with Cure Disease as the first effect.. . 4.  Cast a Cure Disease on Self spell (since the disease Astral Vapors affects your ability to cast spells, I don't like this method, but here it is any way).
wiggle the pin, it might be the way your taking it off. if it still leaks then you should just buy a new tank, anytime you replace something on a c02 canister or HPA tank you have to get the tank rehydrotested which is about $25 but you could just buy a new tank for that price.ive had a problemlike that with my gun too, i replaced the o ring on the co2 tank and it quit.Here's the CORRECT answer. The valve at the top of the tank is stuck or jammed to a point where it won't close properly. This happens a lot with guys that shoot a lot and are constantly taking the tank in and out. Rather than waste time and money on replacing the valve (which you may not be able to do anyway, depending on which model you have), just buy a new one...that's my advice. the price will end up being about the same, and this way you'll have a fresh tank. . . Good Luck and happy splattering.The part attached to the bottle is a regulator, It may be leaking because of a hole in the diaphragm. Use soapy water to see where it is leaking soap will make bubbles.Bad valve. Needs to be replaced. Try your local Paintball shop.I agree with those who say replace it.  They cost less than $20 in most places.Ok, your CO2 tank doesn't leak air - it leaks CO2!. . Turn off the tank using the valve nearest to the cylinder. If you don't turn it off at the cylinder, not only does the pin leak, but the tubing and other bits & pieces will bleed CO2.. . Always turn it right off, at the tank.It doesn'teak air, it leaks co2, and the reason it leaks is because you have a hole in it, leave it in the gun and you shouldn't have a problem until it's all used up.
I thought you had to contact your ISP to do that....Yes, Right click on my computer and go to properties. Highlight TCP/IP properties and change it to whatever.
If boosting is the same as mugging, it means if one player misses points in his hand, and the other player spots these missed points, the player doing the spotting can actually score them on his side. So it effectively doubles the error that the first player made. So be care full when counting your points if playing this rule.Boosting myt mean "getting a Mulligan" -- which means adding to your score points that your opponent didn't see in his hand or crib.
it is a wetsuit that you wear when its cold and you want to go surfing or get wet in and it has extra padding then a regular wetsuit to keep you warmerIt is a wetsuit for skiing in winter ski areas.  It has the same fabric material that a scuba wetsuit is made of.  It helps protect you from the cold weather while you are skiing down a ski slope.A rain coat... I guess..it's called a DRY SUIT.  It's a special suit for diving in cold water.  You fill it with air and your body heat warms the air up.  It takes extra instruction to learn to dive in a dry suit as you have to constantly adjust the air due to depths and pressure underwater.it is a special suit that you wear when you are going to go in to below freezing water, you know scuba diving. it is what the scientist wore when ever exploring the Antarctica.
You cant, but however, if you have a modded Xbox, and a crossover cable, you can hook up your Xbox to your computer and rent the game and copy it and you got another copy!get a new oneget a new version of it.. . the DVDs that the games come on can't be written to, so they just have to be replaced.If you bought the game from wal-mart and its a farly new game with no scratches just take it back and tell them it quit working and bada bang bada bomb you have a unbroken game again...
The Knight moves in an "L" shaped pattern, and its move can be broken into two moves...it moves one square in any (N,S,E,W) direction, followed by a move of two squares in a direction perpendicular to the 'one-square' move you started with.. . You can also point out that the Knight is the only piece that is allowed to "jump" over other pieces in making its move, and will always go from a light square to a dark square, and vice versa.it moves in a "L" patternhttp://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/B00000JBMZ/002-6267030-8405625?v=glance&s=toys&vi=pictures&img=14#more-pictures. . This is a great chess set for teaching someone to play.IT moves in a L pattern that is two by three.You can move it to 8 differnet squeres along a cirkel. The Cirkel can be reached by moving the knight in an L- shaped move.. two/one stepps and one/two steps aside. The only criteria is that the square you move it to is free.in an L shape move 2 then one over left or rightTwo spaces in one direction (column or row), then one to the side, and the horse can jump over anybody unlucky enough to be in the way.  :PThey always move in an L patternThis is the best explanation I found:. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chess/Knight
Buy another one.How is it broken?The GameCube controllers are extremely durable, so you must have damaged it something fierce to have a problem. It's most likely not repairable (or not worth the cost to repair), so you should just go purchase a new controller. They really aren't very expensive.just buy a new one. ?
No but on a video on game spot I hered that people wonted to shoot the dog!I have no idea.... In my opinion, was just GREAT, you didn't need any special receptor or something, only your own accuracyI don't know. I've been wondering the same thing.are you talking about duck hunt?  just point the gun at the duck as it flies by and shootomg yea that is my game i want to play nowduck hunt, cheat, put the gun right up to the screen and shoot..that will get em for sureuse the mouse. . http://www.johnnyslack.com/duckhunt/
omg he is asking what games you would buy not the system and other. i would buy metal gear solid four cuz i heard that it is really good and i want to find out how the sereis ends.The flip are you? Drunk? It doesn't cost as much as the ps3. I don't know what the fcuk you mean by WiFi? You mean Wii? You realize you'd get two systems for the price of one and the Wii is better than the PS3 alone and Halo+halo3 will kill sony. WTF is sony spending 300 dollars on a bluray dvd reader? It's a gaming system not a dvd player. Sony is a bunch of dumbasses. 25 dollars a month to connect to ps3 online? WTF is that? 6 bucks for XBL 25 for ps3.. Hmm.. Let's see. . Xbox360> PS3. Nintendo Wii> PS3. Halo3+Halo movie> PS3. Halo3> PS3. Halo movie> PS3. Super smash brothers + zelda> PS3. . Microsoft> Sony. Nintendo> Microsoft ( just barely ). Nintendo> PS3 ( a whole fcukload ). . SONY SUCKS ASS. They are digging themselves their own graves! They're bad. Stop backin them up. Dumbshtis.Oh and for people talking about Cost, it equals out to the same as a xbox360 (Really, it does!). . Bluray Drive and Wifi are included on PS3 (not to mention a 60gb hard drive). . So you buy a 360 = 400 (Premium version). Add Wifi + 100 (Or 50 if you use the old xbox one). Add HD-DVD (If this happens, the drive won't be less than 100, I'd shoot for more than $100) +100. Total = $600 and you still have a 40gb HDD difference.. . Games, I plan to buy at least 2. . MGS4 - Ummmm why?  WHY NOT? Looks great and I'm a big MGS series fan,. . DMC4 - Once again series fan, hope it tops 3!. . Heavenly Sword - Just looks like a cool DW style game.. . So many more that I can't remember names right now....METAL GEAR SOLID 4: GUNS OF THE PATRIOTS. IT WILL BE THE BEST STEALTH GAME EVER! ALSO, I WOULD GET RESISTENCE: FALL OF MAN, BECAUSE IT'S KOOL!The PS3 is sounding like it is heading in the wrong direction! They are changing specs on the machine faster than most people change underwear....I had planned on purchasing one but dam, now I have to spend $600.00, are they crazy! The core system will be absolute crap and far too limited.. . UPDATE:.  I don't use Wifi -$100 and the last time I checked My 20 gig drive plays every game I put in ??? . It plays games in HD just fine -$100.00. Your point has no merit...are you just trying to justify being screwed!. . Also, look at the transfer speed of the BluRay drive....HORRIBLE!! That is why it will need to cache alot of information on the drive !! Trust me, I'm not 360 fanboy, I had every intention on purchasing a PS3 until they went in two different directions and screwed the people with a lower price piece of crap!lol i aint buying any games for the ps3 coz im not gonna buy it,,,there is no way i would ever buy a ps3 it sux and for ppl that know that then they rock coz they are true gamers.... 360 rocks, i might even consider buying a nintendo wii look cool i seen the videos of it at e3 awsome. . and wifi is a type of connection lol. . sleepingjoey knows what hes talking about hes a true gamer
teknikally you kould rip it off with a kro-bar, but it might break, just sayintake a knife and pretty much use it like a screwdriver, but don't use the blade side, you don't want to ruin itIf your GB Advance is like mine, you can use a dime or penny to open it.  Just slide the coin in the slit, and it should move the tab enough so you can open the panel.  Barring that, you can get a set of tiny screwdrivers at the dollar store.
YOU CANT SAY THE PSP IS BAD IT IS A BLAST IN THE HAND HELD GAMING IN THE WORLD IT IS FOR $275 . BETTER THAN NINTENDO DS, GAME BOY ADVANCE,AND othar hand held games +you can play games ,umd dvd  it can support1.8gb space and it locks good to. memory stick and is more improved and better version of ps2.it has4.3inch TFT screen with 16;9 and480*272 megapicksel color revolution ,usb2 port and WiFinot too bad...but neither good...it's too sensitve. it's too expensive. it is not a good investment. even if oyu got a memory stick duo it would still suck. i'd like Gameboy Advance SP than that.I have no idea never used it.its not bad but the only problem is the lack of variety with its gamesits bad if u compare with price and storage capacity but its developed with an advanced technology having games in the handI don't own one myself, but I remember reading an article a few months ago out of a game magazine, (I think it's PlayStation). It featured hackers that were so disappointed with their PSP, that they have altered them to do "tricks" like playing Atari games, simple games that they made themselves, cool **** like that.if you drop it it may break:-lEverything is good, just that it doen't have enough internal memory. Something like 30gb will do. Because sony's memory card is the most expensive in the market, and the largest is only 2 gbs.Sorry?....psp are not bad its nintendo ds that suck a$$.
I'm not sure,crazy isn't it? Probably has to do with the hardware the companies have to work with, PS3 games will probably be 59.99 too. Atleast the graphics are good...It's because the games have high quality graphics on the 360 games designed for HDtvs.its all the hype about xbox.it drives up the cost.others not as popularThat's because XBOX sucks.Developing the games for more complex and newer gaming systems takes longer, and I beleive time is money.Because it has HD graphics,& if you think 59.99 is alot, do not buy a ps3, games are from 79.99 to 99.99XBOX 360 is new.because its a next-gen system, so of course the games are going to be mroe expensive for a while.supply and demand. that extra 10 bucks fits nicely in gates pocket.
Literally, "ante" means "before, prior to" (from the Latin).. . So - BEFORE you can play a hand of poker, you have to pay the ante (an admission fee, so to speak), because you don't get to play for free!. . Also, in Texas Hold'em, you have special ante's based on position - the small and big blinds (or forced blind bets).The ante is the amount everyone puts in before cards are dealed. Generally, in Texas Hold'Em, there are no antes. Instead, there is the small blind and the big blind (which is twice the amount of the small). The 2 people left of the dealer put in the small blind and large blind, respectively.. . Hope this helps.All players put in an ante when required.  I too have seen where there have been antes required in addition to the small and big blind bets in hold-em tournaments.  Its just a variation.
If you received the ace and jack of spades, there was originally an extra bonus paid out to the player.  That is how the game received the name black jack.I think it is named after its founder, the actor Jack Black. . ROFLCarrie is correct.  It refers to the card (black jack of spades).A GUY NAMED JACK INVENTED THE GAME WHO JUST HAPPNED TO BE BLACK! HENCE THE NAME (BLACK JACK)
Practice!  . . And read hint/cheat books if you want to go that way.videogames are something to entertain you when there is nothing else to do.  dont get too involved you're life wont be as much fun.  gaming is fun but keep it minimal. you shouldnt be too concerned about being "good" at videogames.  its more fun when u suck at it anyway. lolPractice. Its weird for me cause whenever I buy a new game/no matter what game it is I end up beating it in less than 2 days even when its on the hardest difficulty setting.just keep playing and then once your good at a certain level try a harder level that way you'll get better . . for example try first easy..then normal..then hard..and so onpracticepractice through training mode on the video gamePractice,practice , practice!!always practice man always practicepractice, practice, practice...then look up cheats on the internet!
Can't tell you.. Hint: has to do with static electricity.. . Here goes: The magician rubs a credit card held in his palm with another credit card held in his other hand, the card begins to mysteriously rise up inches from his palm! The magician slides the other credit card all around the floating card, showing no threads or wires.Sometimes a thin strand of string, called "magic string", is used and attached to the object that you want to float along with a sticky goo substance.depends on what floating trick your talking about, but the one i know of involves a thread that's nearly impossible to see. You can buy it at any magic shop.
Because when that free trial is over, they automatically start to charge your card if you FORGET to cancel the trial subscription.. . It's a racket!The idea behind all "free trials" is that you won't cancel them (or will forget to cancel them) and then they can start charging you for the service.  If they didn't get a credit card number, when the free trial was over that would be it.  But, if you forget to cancel it, well, now you are signed up and out X dollars.I know it's ridiculous! Everything you do you have to have a credit card! Even Netflix and things like that, why can't they just accept a money order? Money orders you know are good!They want your credit card number becuase the instant your free trial is over they are going to start charging it onto your card. Yes it is dumb. Just dont forget to cancel if you dont want it anymore and youll be totally fine.
Harsh overhead lighting.  Visor worked a little like a hat brim & a little like sunglasses.Because of the overhead lighting that was generalling set low over the table.. . Good question.to shade the incoming light.  for both professions, too much light can really hurt the eyes and also make them miss important details.I think because the lighting was different in those days and it cut back on that bright light.infra- or ultra sumat vision?. . or just to hide the emotion of their reaction to the hands they were dealt with?I would think because the color green signifies money. Also part of their uniform easily identifies them.
A hand is approximatly 4 inches, and you measure a horse from the withers down to the ground. This was the "old" way to measure a horse. A hand is approximatly 4 inches tall, so they used there hands to measure horses and everyone understood it, and its still around today. It;s facinating ... really.A hand is 4 inches.  Horses are measured to the "withers," which is the highest point on the back, on the ridge between the shoulder blades.It's an antiquated system of measure. Think of how long horses have been with us.It is really old measure - hands. It is from the end of your finger to your elbow,Most horses are measured in hands. A hand is about 4 inches long. . A unit of length in the "English" system of measurement. This ancient unit is still commonly used to measure the height of horses from the ground to the top of the shoulder. Originally, the hand was defined as the width of the four extended fingers, but during the reign of Henry VIII, the hand was defined as equal to 4 inches
Obviously, your computer can't spell. Run spell check on the graphics card.Was the game running ok before you tried the new campaign?What it sounds like is that the campaigns you downloaded use direct draw to render all or some of the game but your video card isn't capable of  using this particular feature. About the only thing you can do is upgrade to a newer video card if you really want to play the new campaigns. You also need to update to DirectX 9.0c as it is the latest version. One thing I'd check is to see what the game on your pc uses as a file extension for the stock campaigns to see if it is the same as what you downloaded.
Yes there is some skill involved, maybe not as much as chess, but there is.  Just like cards you can count the bones which you then have the opportunity of locking your opponent out. You should try it for yourself then decide.Watching Domioes sucks, but playing, especially when drinking is fun as hellyou can make trails with them then push the one at the end ,and watch them fall.The only skill they have is being able to memorize whats been played and what they have so they guess what their opponents have and play dominoes that will force their opponent to not be able to play.Playing dominoes can be fun especially when you are playing Mule Train. That is the best dominoe game. Everyone gets 15 dominoes. There is a black track in the middle of the board. The first person to play is the one with the highest double. Usually the double 15. Then everyone plays on their track only till they can't play any more. Everyone then puts their colored train on their track and no one can play on it unless your train is taken off. Then the person on the left of the person that started the dominoes plays. He has to start another train track. If he can't play he draws one domino and if he can't play he has to take his train off. He can't put his train back on until he can play on his own track. Then it is the next persons turn. Sounds like a complicated game but it is so easy and fun. At the end of the game when you get down to 1 domino you go Toot and when you get rid of it you say toot toot. Everyone counts the points they haven't laid and it will be on their score sheet. The lowest score will be the winner. If you know anyone that plays it have them teach you. It is easier to tell someone who to play it in person.You can win points when you play dominoes it's a fun.   Game try it you'll like it,yes there are skill's to playing.    Only if you know how to play the game.if you cant think above the third grade level, its a wonderful, stimulating game, and highly addictive. If however you have evolved, you will like chutes and ladders, bingo, go fish and any solitaire gameDominoes is a simple game to learn, yet still requires strategic thinking. . . Dominoes exercises simple arithmetic skills, addition and subtraction.cause its addictive n fun
I think its because they are magical creatures which are actually supposed to be part human, part lizard.  If they were just highly-evolved lizards, then no, they would not have breasts.same here the only reason they did that is for most people to tell them apart. they do look a-lto alike.I see where your coming from, since Argonians are lizards and are therefore not milk bearing, and it is awful odd that they have breasts. However, I think for ease of familiarity, and because they are anthropromorphic characters based off of humans, it becomes a simple device for the animators to show which Argonians are female, and which are male. . . And....its just a video game. :-)
How to Play :. 1. Install warcraft reign of fire (or reign of chaos, i forgot). 2. Install warcraft frozen throne, you CAN'T download frozen throne alone. 3. Get dota map from www.dota-allstars.com. 4. Copy that map to warcraft map folder in your directory. 5. Run warcraft frozen throne and use dota map everytime you play to play DoTA. 6. If you play alone, make sure you get a DoTA map with AI. If you don't use AI map, you'll play alone no matter how much you put computer players. 7. Unfortunately, www.dota-allstars.com not give you a map with ai, so find it in www.alltheweb.com or www.google.comYou need to buy the software from a retailer, and go to Yahoo! Video Games to get maps and patches. Patches fix some of the problems in video games. Visit the link below for more information of World of WarCraft.the guy right above me covered it, whisp war_craft_sucks (me) if you want any help.Don't listen to the guy with the first answer though dota is not a World of Warcraft game and there are no patches in Dota, just new maps.
You don't. There is tons of stuff you can download for your Sims online and you can upload stuff to share with others too. But you can't play the Sims 2 online.. . The first Sims game had a spin off online which pretty much bombed, you could look for that, I don't know if anyone still plays it but a few people must right.http://thesims2.ea.com/. . I thinkYou cant.You have to buy it...but you can do the sims related stuff at thesims2.com
well 1st it has to say finish him, then u switch modes, and finally u press a string of buttons that activate ur fatalityyou have to switch weapons till it gets to fatatiles mode!!
An emulator is software that is run on one computer that allows that computer to pretend it is an entirely different type of computer.. . For instance MAME (Multiple Arcade Machine Emulator) is software that runs on a PC that allows your PC to pretend it is the chipset that originally ran most of our Stand-up Arcade Game favorites, like pac-man and galaga.. . There are different emulators for each different chipset, although some emulators can pretend to be more than one type.an emulator is a program that will run like the original item that ran the program, in this case it will make a NES on your computer!  if you search on http://www.thepiratebay.org for NES emulator you will find one and I bet it has the game Roms with it too! Open the torrent with a bittorent program such as Azurez (sp?).  I cant remember the name of the one I like the best, and cant look it up as I am at work right now.It is a piece of software on your computer that allows you to play old console games like N64 on your home PC. You can use keyboard commands or some are compatible with joypads.Its a computer program that run exactly like certain game machines or arcade game ran. It runs the exact game information as the original system would.
Fish that live in mid-water or close to the surface.Pelagic: Of, relating to, or living in open oceans or seas rather than waters adjacent to land or inland waters: pelagic birds. . . I would guess that pelagics (with an "s") are creatures that live in the open seas.
??it rather depends on what kinda online games you are playing.. Look carefully, it should be around there :). . (some game already include an ID or "Screen Name" to identify you)
Delete all the games off your computer, give all your games away to friends or sell them to Gamestop/EB games, Sell any game consoles, and buy yourself something nice with all the money you save/get. :Dfind something more addicting....like alcohol and drugs....lol...just kiddin....deleate all your game saves....it makes you mad were you dont feel like playing the game over again....or throw away your memory card.have more sex!!Look up masterbation....Sell all and any wideo gaming eqipment -software and hardware . Then try hard never to buy anymore.easy. just go outside for a little bit. go swimming, hike, camp, play basketball, play tennis, play a little football, just do anything that doesn't include electronics. it will break your addiction of video games and will help you get into great shape!Unplug it, pack it up, and put it in the attic!stop being a babyunplug it go outside and do somethingPlay Final Fantasy X-2 ;)trust me i have the same problem and i dunno the answer , i just need pointsYou can always go to the rehab center in Germany for video games or you can sell all of your games and systems to gamestop and ebgames.um you could make a bet with someone (one of your friends) by saying you can go for 30 days without video games..Find a new hobby.Get a girfriend who nags.Why would you want to do that?
Search it in the search dialog box or download it from the internet.If you downloaded a trial version and you bought a serial the download the trial again and search for a crack or serial.. If you have to pay in order to download, then you have to pay there is no way around it.. Warning serial and crack sites are full of spy-wear and Trojans i recommend a good anti virus with antispywear like NOD32,Kaspersky.And a secondary antispywear like Ad-Aware SE Personal.if you still have your confermation number from when you bought it you may be able to download again.  but have you asked the website that you bought it from first?
Because they cant finish.Because of Ronaldino, and because Croatia is not very good at soccer.. Either way brazil wasn't even trying, if they were it would be like 5 - 0
potsie for all the ridiculous spamming you've done on this board you've only made $200 so far?. . ROFLMAOFirst sign up as a player, then click on the "lobby" icon top left corner. Once in the lobby click on the affiliate icon upper right side. Then just follow the instructions and that's it your done,This is the best casino affiliate program out there.  I have only been doing this for a month and have made $200!  You are paid %20-%40 of each player's losses and they are linked to you for life.  You also earn the equivalent of %10 of each person you recruit to also be an affiliate!  I became an affiliate with VIP because I have used their service for five years and am very impressed with their great customer care and integrity.  Click the link below to check them out.Try casinoaffiliateprograms.com  They list all kinds of affiliate programs and have forums where affiliates can discuss things related to the online casino industry.www.pokerroom.comIts easy,,,visit  www.vf11.com/scrapshouse .join the forum and pm me(scrapdoggie) ill tell you where to go for your free forum and all the important affiliate sites.including 2 immediate freerolls at 2 great poker sites to kick you off.Then we will work on the harder ones.I just started a month ago but im willing to help you out.I can keep you from making a few key mistakes now that i know better...lol   good luck bud
Know how to start a fire, a good knife, a good trail sidearm (at least a .45 Long Colt, the bigger the caliber the better) a rifle, ammo, traps,  know how to build a shelter.  Boots, rain resistent clothing, snake bite kit, first aid kit, flashlight, extra batteries, (or an internal generator flashlight) a radio for weather reports, hicarb energy bars, know how to read a map and a compass.  Know what plants you can eat,us army survival guide is good, SAS survival guide, Ray Myers show, Survivor man show, Patrolling from rant TV (more funny then good survive stuff), just a small start.. . oh and practice, you can read everything but if you don't want to have to use this skills for the first time in a life threatening situation.Ultimate Survival Guide by Lofty Wisemanleave your fear behind but make sure you pack your senses and yes, a knowledgeable guide would be most useful.
It is an RPG game... and unfortunately, you cannot play it online. But it is a pretty cool game... I found the link for you... that would better explain it than I would.It is an awesome role play game, but I would suggest that you get the war chest. It has the first one which you have to have in order to play all the others. The expansion kit gives you new players that the Diablo II does not have, the storage chest is bigger and there is a new level that the original Diablo II doesn't have. Yes, you can play as a stand alone, or you can play online, but you have to have the expansion for it. That only comes in the war chest.this is casrocks .  Are the really planning to cancel halo 3 I haven read any thing like that. they just put out an official  trailorit is an rpg and i dont know whether it is for online but i own the pc version.it is an awsome gameIt's a role play game, and it's awesome were you can have a character and use it to do many things in the game, this version comes after Diablo 1.Diablo 2 is a pc game that come's after diablo 1 . Its pretty cool if you like role playing gamesDiablo 2 is a fantasy role play game published by Blizzard. See the link below it will tell you all about it,Yes, you CAN play it online. Actually, it’s pretty impossible to finish it alone. Perhaps the best thing about it is that you can play it for months. However, the control will be quite difficult in the beginning.. It’s an RPG. You must kill a big variety of monsters and their bosses. As you advance, you gain more power and better equipment. By the end you become a real tough character. I love going back to easier levels and kill monsters with one hit, when previously I had hard times with them. He he...
I don't really know... I just want to get some points.  Sorry.try choosing unsigned Java .. should be at the bottom of the page to load high or low detail... is the only way I can load RS.is your computer old?. Firewall blocked it?. enable cookies?. don't use firefox for games. use internet explorer. get the latest JAVA plugin?. . Find a better game. www.silkroadonline.net. its fun.
Up at the top right-hand corner of Pogo it asks "Not..."? Click on it.  The response will ask you to sign-in with YOUR password.  It should then take you to your Pogo account.yea what she said lol.. but incase there isn't (that link hasn't been showing up on mine for some reason in quite sometime... hmmm pogo is screwy lately but when are they not lol)  you could always clear the cookies and then when you go back to pogo it will ask you to log in with your username / pw again.
wtf are you talking about? explain yourself better and we can help youthat makes no fukn sense
well i suggest going on ebay or google and type in carving aides and select your fav and order itYou take a piece of wood and cut away all the stuff that does'nt look like Barney. Or luigi or whatever.You could hire a sculptist or an artist to carve it out for you if you really suckcarving is not an easy thing to do, you have to have an eye for that type of thing....have you thought about wood burning?  all you need is a piece of flat soft wood, the pic you want to use, tracing paper and a wood burning iron.
Usually not without losing any saved data. A re-format may make it usable again, but not without losing all saved information.. . It depends on the system as well, with my gamecube I can sometimes access enough of the memory card to transfer over some files then re-format, but I've only ever had to do that once, and it was only a savefile that was corrupted, adn not the entire card.Ask a tech-weenie like the tech support at your ISP. They love this kind of stuff.
my sweetheart, girlfriend, lover etc.  it is used interchangeably for males and females.Who cares?  He should learn to speak English
Because 360 as if the XBOX took a full turn and became way better with a new designn and new graphics along with new games. And they're not gay like SONY naming every system 1, 2 & 3. WTF IS THAT!?360 sounds better doesn't it? U know it doesnt mean the 360th Xbox they made!360 degrees of perfect gaming.  or we havent paid enough attention and missed Xbox 2 through 359
Put in the gameshark disk, put in the memory card. Put the cheats onto the memory card. Take out the gameshark disk and put in your game. Use the saved files on the memory card in the actual game.Gameshark will mess ur game up. U shold Not use it/ Uless u are verty rich.PLEASE TELL ME YOU ARE KIDDING IF NOT READ THE INSTRUCTION IF IT HAS ANYTHING AND IF NOT GOOD LUCK
The forerunners have'nt been determined to be alien or human yet... it's part of their mystery! I think that they are some how linked to humans though! So maybe....Aw...I tried downloading that documentary,...But it failed. So is the game pretty sweet? Could you give me some info? . .                                 Thanks!its hard to say............all i have to say is i luv that gameI live in Taiwan and have Halo 2 on chinese.  343GS speaks mandarin in a strange accent
uh try yahoo! dominoes games! Thgey will tell u da instruction!Line up the number of dots on one side with the number of dots put downI will show you just send me a message on yaho messengerDominoes is matching simular amounts of dots.  Scoring is in multiples of 5 and only when the outside dots add up to a mulitple of 5.
If you have an old style PS2 (the big model) you need to buy the network adapter. If you have a new style, the slim one, it has a port already in it. Connect the port to your high speed internet connection and you should be good to go!Connect it to your modem/router via ethernet cable....
Jigsaw Su Doku is still a 9x9 puzzle, but it has irregularly shaped tiles.  The rules are the same no duplicating the numbers in a line or in the same box.Jigsaw SudokuJigsaw Sudoku: play Jigsaw Sudoku puzzles with online Jigsaw Sudoku tool at Saidwhat Puzzles Club.... www.saidwhat.co.uk/puzzleclub/jigsaw/
I don't remember that you can. I think that was the purpose behind the different types of chocobos... You can't get over water or mountains without the right kind and you need to have a gold chocobo to get to the KotR materia. If you want chocobo breeding tips, head over to GameFAQs (A good FAQ linked below).You should just be able to go into the highwind while on the chocobo....it has to be YOUR chocobo, too.  Not one you just found off the coast of Midgar or something :P.
an emulator is a main program that plays multiple gamesfirst of all if its a playstation emulator u need iso.'s for nintendo, super nintendo, MAME, sega and all the cartridge games. you can download them off the internet. then just put them in a folder and when u open a game open that folder and play the game.Emulators work by opening rom files that you have to download separately. It's really not that hard, you may just be downloading from a bad site. Try romnation.net I haven't had any problems there.
In Sims2 the sims are able to age and they have aspirations that they have to fulfill. The adults have babies, which grow into toddlers, which grow into children, then teens, adults, and elders, and then they die. You choose whether you want your sim to have an aspiration to make money, have a family, date, gain knowledge, or make friends. Basically, its much better.the numbersAllot more liek better graphics more enhanced controls 5 story houses i think mroe jobs more items basically more everythinggraphics and more play options.. . less expansion packs.2 is a better vesion than 1
go to build-a-bear workshop!Yes, the Build A Bear workshop  would be a GREAT start..... because I dont know what a tear bear is..... Sorry.Look online for free sewing patterns. When in doubt, go online and find it out! :DClothes?   CLOTHES!   We don't need no stinking clothes!Some pattern companies such as Mcalls have patterns for bear clothes.  Check out your fabric stores
Those ads are there so you can play for free.  if you dont want ads, go to a website and pay to play.Advertising is one of Yahoo's biggest sources of revenue. For an ad to be considered successful it only needs to receive 1 to 3 clicks per every 100 impressions. Even if the ad doesn't receive and clicks the ad still helps the advertiser established it's "brand name" just by being seen.Sponsors???
Set up the frame. lay out the "tarp" . have frnd help.Start across from each other putting on the springs head in opposite directions putting on the springs . you want to always be right across from each other 1 person can not do it it will be miss shaped and the last springs will never stretch far enoughwhat size is the trampoline ?? we have a bigger one and the hardest part was  inserting the springs, it is very difficult for one person to do , we resorted to using pliers to pull the springs,, good luck!!! if taken care of it should last awhile, ours is 7 years old and is still in good shape except for the pad around the edges didn't last long  and there were times when there were at least 4 pre teen boys on it practicing their wrestling techniques,, if you live where you get snow  be sure to shovel  off the trampoline this will help to preserve itthe answer is put together the legs and outer ring then attatch the. springs then attatch the strechy black stuff.simple. p.s. one person cannot achive this goal.
that depends on what you like.  for example i like to snipe so a mechanical trigger is best for me.  if you like to attack then youre gonna want an electric triggerelectric 100%. speed ball or woods ball go electric. electric markers are faster. more accurate. smaller. lighter. sexier. less air consumption. quieter. . just don't get a spyder. they are horrible.. look up smartparts get an ion.
noBum them off of your friendsGet a job as Quality Assurance or Tester at a business that manufactures them.Rob a fireworks stand.There are stands all over the Midwest called 1/2 Price Fireworks, Ka-Boomers Warehouse Outlet that actually send out flyers every year with a bunch of stuff that you get free or buy 1 get 1 one free,  just for showing up at the stands.  It's all little stuff, but hey--can't complain.Go to a fireworks store and ask for free fireworks, they will give you some.I dont know, let me know if you figure that one out.Go out and steel all of the stuff you need to make them.  Then build some.  My sister thinks ricky olman is hot when in the new episode of phil of the future he says "helping"Buy some from certain stores and they will give you some free!Kill the seller of the shop and take the fireworks,but I didn't do it...
I always asked the same thing and nobody gives a answer to this. But I found that going into manage add ons and enabling macro media flash really cut down that blasted red x. If its not in managed add ons download it and give it a try it works for me.scripting is blocked on your web browser. try downloading firefox with java support. also check your firewall if you have oneu should install flash player not java u must already have itdo you have Java installed?  That will give you a red X as well as not having flash installed will do the same.
A satelite is a celestial object which revolves around the planet.. . satelites can be natural or artificial.. Our moon is natural satelite of earth, likewise there are many satelites to other plantes of our solar system.. . Artificial satelites are launched into space for the benifit of mankind in communication, weather forecasting, resource mapping, and etc.A part of something in a different place,   not just Planets or Space objects-Astronomy. A celestial body that orbits a planet; a moon. . Aerospace. An object launched to orbit Earth or another celestial body. . One who attends a powerful dignitary; a minion. . A subservient follower; a sycophant. . A nation dominated politically and economically by another nation. . An urban or suburban community located near a big city. . Genetics. A short segment of a chromosome separated from the rest by a constriction, typically associated with the formation of a nucleolus. . Microbiology. A colony of microorganisms whose growth in culture medium is enhanced by certain substances produced by another colony in its proximity.its an artificial plannet i think
Maybe talk to them about whatever their doing that annoys you first(*be nice) other wise the person will be hurt! If you just want to cut ties, be honest at least that way your on the level!don't answer the phone when they call,or the door when the come.that should do it.-scold'em in bad words... you **** , son of a *****smack them ..they will be so pissed st you they wont wanna be your friend anymore.... and dont apologizeJust shoot them! .  LOL...I'm kidding people...Really just tell them how you feel in a polite way.  You're not interested in associating with them.Stop calling them, when and if they call you, be too busy to talk, let them talk all they want, but add nothing to the conversation. They will slowly get the message.u could mention U/R feelings to 'em or u could just stop being their friend by ignoring themyou tell them nicely, go away dont bother me your buggin me and if you dont step ima have to go midevil on yo punk A**say i don't want to be your friend anymoreignore emDo something wrong with him, he'll then definitely igonore u by himself :)well start by not anwsering his/her phone calls, dont answer the door when they come by, and finally if u work w/ this person...try to tell them nicely tht they're annoying uThis is a hard one. Sometimes you just have to ask yourself "why does this person annoy me? Is this a problem I have and not their fault?" and then sometimes it really is the other person and nothing to do with you and they just annoy the crap out of you! Then what do you do? Maybe try and introduce them to someone who holds the same intrests as them, and possibly they will make a new friend they can actually be compatible with. Don't be too harsh, you can really affect someones self-esteem even if you don't realize it. (and trust me I'm preaching to myself here too, I've had some HIGHLY annoying friends in the past)just tell them how you feel without hurting their feelings.50 gallons of cement properly applied (preferably quick-set)beat her
A jeweler is someone that deals with jewels. It is legal. A jailer is someone that works in the jail. This is also legal, but really doesn't sound like it would be as much fun!check in the dictionaryYou and I. ("ewe" and "ai")jewelers deal with jewelery while jailer deal with closing ppl behind bars.A jeweller deals in jewels. And if his jewels get stolen, the thief will be locked up by the jailer. Get it?  :-)One makes the cuffs and one wears them.a jeweler deal is jewelery. a jailer deals in criminals....they work at a jail.
It's the same as Uno only except there are cards that look like someone drew water splashing. This forces your opponent to draw one card. Also, try team Uno. If you want the rules contact mei don't know1.     Use a deck of UNO cards. The deck has 108 cards consisting of four suits, wild cards, and word cards with directions on them..  . 2.  Choose a dealer by having each player pick one card. The person with the highest number is the dealer. Word cards count as zero..  . 3.  Deal each player seven cards and place the remaining cards face down in the middle of the table. This is the draw pile..  . 4.  Turn the top card of the draw pile over to form the discard pile..  . 5.  Take turns beginning with the player to the dealer's left and go clockwise around the table..  . 6.  Place one of your cards on the discard pile when it's your turn. Your card must have the same number, color or wording as the top card of the discard pile - or be a wild card..  . 7.  Draw a card if you cannot discard. Play the drawn card if you can. If you can't, it's the next person's turn..  . 8.  Announce a suit when you place a wild card on the discard pile. You can play a wild card any time it's your turn and can name any suit you wish..  . 9.  Announce a suit when you place a Draw Four card on the discard pile..  . 10.  Follow the directions of a word card that is played on the discard pile by the player preceding you. This may mean that you have to draw two cards, skip a turn or even draw four cards..  . 11.  Say "UNO" when you have one card left in your hand. If you forget to say UNO and another player catches you, you must draw two cards..  . 12.  Tally all the points when one player is out of cards. .  .  . Tips:. When the card turned over to form the discard pile is a Wild Draw Four, put it back in the draw pile and turn over another card..  . If the top card of the discard pile is a green two, for example, the next player may play either a green card, any color number two card, or a wild card..  .  . Warnings:. A Wild Draw Four card causes the next player to draw four cards and forfeit his or her turn. Play this card only when you have no card of the color previously played..  . The person required to draw four may "challenge" the person who played the card. The challenged person must show his or her cards to the challenger. If that person, indeed, has no cards of the proper color, the challenger must draw two additional cards. If the person does have the right color and illegally played a Wild Draw Four card, that player must draw four, and it now is the challenger's turn.. . The "H2o" part is just saying that the cards are laminated, and that you can use them in the pool, sprinkler, etc.I don't Know sorry!just like regular uno except you can play it in the pool on hot days and stuff.what is it is it a american game i am british
The word nil is Latin for zero.  Only one L.Nill means nothing or zero.it means none, nul(nool) in German, nothing in long term
Get your sims to relax together on a double bed, and then have them cuddle, and then "try for baby" this also works in the hot tub. If you hear the "Rock-a-Bye Baby" chimes, your female sim is preggers.your player having a baby??Jus let the Sims kiss themeselves when they're in very good mood.thats also my problem..maybe its not available in the game...you get in the bed after you have built a relationship with the 0ne you wanna make a baby with call them to the bed and then have sex in the bed and then it should ask you to have a baby or not. you can also look on cheatplanet.com they have troubleshooting and walkthroughs
It's not so cool it's the same freaking thing as Halo 1 especially the multiplayer. Halo 2 was a big upsetDo you want it to be HOTwats halo??shampoo ? or a greetin?Multiplayer is totally lame. I wish it felt less like you're running toward a red dot then spraying people like you're shooting a super-soaker water gun. Single player is ok.MAN I WISH I KNEW THIS ANSWER BUT UNFORTUNATELY, HALO 2 IS RUINING MY SEX LIFE!  MY BOYFRIEND SITS IN FRONT OF THIS STUPID GAME AND TALKS TO ALL THESE STUPID HALO FREAKS ALL DAY EVERYDAY AND IT DRIVES ME INSANE!  WHAT IS TOO OLD FOR VIDEO GAMES?  HALO 2 IS NOT COOL.Halo 2 is fun, not cool.. . As far as fun is concerned, it is a game that is suppose to take skill to overcome the limitations that your character possesses while completing missions.
Send in the postcard or try to register on line.  If those methods fail try calling the number that usually comes with the registration.It's likely that they do not accept your credit card.  As far as I know, they only accept Visa cards.
If any leaks out, run like hell and get the f*** out of the way!Are you sure you know what you are talking about?
you must have a wireless network set up in your home or in the area you wish to get access at. you then go to the internet option and it will walk you through the rest. hope this helps.download the latest update on your psp.(must have wireless connection)
Are we talking about a free trial game? I have always wondered this and unfortunately un-installing them and re-installing them will not work... I believe they work using the computer clock to expire after a set time, try to "rewind" the computer clock back past the expire date and then re-install the game, may work I haven't tried it yet. To change the clock (assuming your on a windows machine) is basic, just double click the time icon in the toolbar and alter the time.... Also if this method doesn't work, please reset the clock back to the corrrect time and date after...thier isn't i deleted them but they still won't let me get the same game even after many weeks so don't go their anymore .Try miniclips.yes.   delete it from everywhere, even from the hard disks ( uninstall it ) then install it again.I don't think its possible...... . or the website logs your PC as "tried this game" . . or there are registry keys installed with the game that wont uninstall with it.
There is something you can buy for that, you rub it on and it kind of fills in the scratches so it will play smoothly.  I don't think it's that expensive, and you can probably get it wherever cd's are sold.i have heard toothpaste works.Once a CD is scratched there's no way of repairing it (especially if it's already so badly scratched it won't work). However I once had a scratched copy of the sims. I sent a very polite email to EA games. They wrote back saying if I send them the scracthed CD they'll send me a brand new one for free, which was nice.. . Try to find a way of contacting the people who make the game and see what they say.i put mine in the toilet (CLEAN) and flush it. then dry it off. my ps2 is a peice of crap and it still works when i use it. trust me, it works. i put in a 360 disc and it came out fine. P.S. dont use gamecube or psp discs and check the hole size.I use dish detergent (liquid) and carefully wash them. Then dry them by dabbing (not rubbing). Also note, do not rub them in circles, only strait lines from the center to the outside edge.You could go to a game or a local department store and get a scatch kit ($15-20).  have you tried toothpaste?I read somewhere that toothpaste works, but I haven't tried it. My dad has this cd cleaner, I think he bought it for like 5 or 10 bucks. It has this circular sponge thing that you put special cleaner or alcohol on and then you close it and turn the cd using a little latch on the outside. Whatever you do, if you decide to clean the cd yourself without anything special, do NOT go in a circular pattern right around the cd! It'll wipe out your cd for good! Good luck!
don't think about time. keep going till she tells you to stop. you know you'll get yours, stop acting like it's the only goal. and if you make her happy, she'll only want to return the favor more!1) Penis pump. 2) Natural Male enlargement. 3) Motion of the Ocean. 4) More Kinky things. 5) Take a Dump on her chest. 6) Work out more. . Do that, and you are a sure fire hit, my friend.Have you ever heard that song "You've got to please yourself", not in a sexual way - in a personal way.. If it's sex you're specifically talking about - a woman wants romance, sensitivity, caring, next comes the gently touching, foreplay (ALL forms), she is taken care of first and you later.. You already know you will get yourself pleasured.let me guess microscopic dick
by letting him hold 'Metal Coat' -given by an old man in S.S. Ane. And after that trade the onix to your friend. the onix will eventually evolve into steelix.You trade him wall he is holfing a steel claw but I just dont know where you get one. All I know is In-game Trad and wild pokemontrade him with meatal coat duh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Normally in Ruby and Sapphire you trade it with a metal coat to some NPC guy, but Im not sure abt LeafGreen. Dont think you can though...You trade him with him holding a steel claw
you must have the WLAN switch on and have the Connection Point set. do you have a wireless router in your house? because if you dont, then you just CANT get on the Net. so consult your owner's manual for the PSP......call sony customer support at 18771857669
The polka-dotted princess? (even though I make that up lol). . Just a guess, I have no clue. Why do you ask?I think it might of been Tiny Tears. She's an older doll and I believe she wore a polka dot dress.
I think you have to level up valor form or Master form.yes it is wisdom form. best place to level up is in THE WORLD THAT NEVER WAS, where heartless keep appearing, they will never stop appearing and thus quickly allowing you to level up.  Make sure you are near a save point so you do not have to charge your drive form
put it in the box and drag a fish on top of it. or use a twin fin spotanus for more twin fin spotanuses.i love that game ..... <sigh>you find a male twin fin spotanus fish and a female twin fin spotanus fish and put them in the same tank,   after that,  hope for the best. . (this answer is not to be taken seriously,   i was in a sarcastic kind of mood..................sorry)The answer is -- you don't. You can't get a Twinfin Spotanus by breeding fish (unless, of course, you already have two then you breed them together). You can only get that fish by buying eggs. Buy the cheap ones -- eventually, you'll get the Twinfin Spotanus.it doesnt matter wether there male or female just put two in the box together and it'll make a kissing sound lol
namesYou eat one and the other you use for bait or chum.the label on the can? .... bonita are small tuna and average 4-5 pounds a blackfin can weigh 50 lbs.theres no really no difference between them
I bet they'll have sumthing on the internet. I'm not sure about a book but on the internet yes.There have been a number of books on carousels written over the years but usually they're more on the artistic side rather than the technical.  However some catalog reprints and even patent drawings are available.   I can even get stuff for you.
download them and open and putr the file in the sims 2/1 thingy and look for a downloads foler and put/extract them in itAfter downloading what you want from the various sites (SimsResources or ModtheSims2, for example) go to search on your computer and search for the file called "Downloads" on your SIMs2 game. Enter that file and, after unzipping the downloading files using WinRar, paste them into the Download folder.. If the file you downloaded after unzipping has an icon that is SIM-like in picture, all you'll have to do is double click on it to download.
Grom is a shortened version of Grommit, in Australia a Surf Grommit is a young surfer, ie a kid still learning the waves.. . Be interesting to see if it means anything different in other countries.A young surfer, still learning the etiquette, usually being mentored by older surfers that make fun of them and keep them inspired!
That is a unanswerable question but here is the most reasonable answer for you,it is not officially confirmed by Square or Disney that the game has begun production, but creator Tetsuya Nomura has openly admitted to having a plot for Kingdom Hearts III in the works and is planning to create it. Though, he has stated that he is working on another title first. Much like Kingdom Hearts II, Kingdom Hearts III's first look can be found in the secret trailer at the end of Kingdom Hearts II. The first look at the game shows some new, unknown characters and a whole lot of keyblades, so we can all expect it to be for the PS3, and mabe 4-6 years, if they start working soon.they just came out with the 2nd one like a month ago nobody knows thatKH3 might not come  out for a couple of years, find another game to play.2007 because kingdom hearts 2 because 2 was a big seller so, people want the 3rd and they made 4,000,000 in the first week it was soldWhen you have children.tommorowin my worldKingdom Hearts 2 Just Came OUT! What you need another Video game?Not soon enough T_TThere is none.Maybe in 2008 see the pattern. . 2002: kingdom Hearts. 2004: chain of memories. 2006: kingdom hearts 2I wouldnt doubt it would be sometime between when Sony is covered in cobwebs and Square Enix becomes something like Square-Capcom-Enix-EA. That or in about 3-6 years.
Its a scam....other wise it would be all over the newsheh, same scam posted on nearly every website in flashing letters: YOU ARE THE MILLIONTH VISITOR TO THIS SITE! CLICK HERE TO CLAIM YOUR FREE (insert random popular fad)
1st step= 35, go to step 35.  Step 35= (1st # in answer)-(# of next step to go to) and so on like that.Have you figured it out yet? I've been stuck here for days! I followed the hint from the string of answers but get stuck. Am I counting the number of next wrungs up or starting at the bottom each time and counting to that wrung? Help!
A Rubic's Cube is like a dick: the more you play with it, the harder it gets.pull off all the stickers and put them on again so it's solved.try this site.... . I know that once you get the for of a capital >> i << then it is simple.
well for one, live in the alien community and use the scope at night.  that or u may be hit by a satellite.  but u have to be male in order to be aducted and get pregnant.In the PC version you need to have telescope and gaze in it at night.I dont know
Describe who you are and What is your interest?then wait for the same!Go the chatrooms of the things that interest you. from there you can meet people and then add them to your messenger.Try looking at the chatrooms. They have very diverse discusion subjects, and you can find people there which might have the same interests. Good luck!
ok bet on red say £2 if you lose you now bet £4 if you lose you bet £8 then £16 if you keep losing say you get to £32  and you win you get £64 you haven't lost but say next time you win on the £2 you keep betting £2 and  only doubling up when you lose.  This works as long as red turns up and you don't run out of money in the process and its slow but you can gradually build your money upThere is a simple, straighforward and guaranteed way to end up with a small fortune by gambling on-line.. . Start with a large fortune. . . Doubling up doesn't work for the simple reason that your chances of winning at roulette with a single number bet is 1 in 37 (or 1 in 38 on wheels with a double zero) but the payout is 35 to 1. Betting on red (or black) the odds of winning are 1 in 2.05 (or 1 in 2.11 with the 00) but the house pays 2 to 1 for the win. Those odds look good but in fact they mean that you are on a hiding to nothing, and the longer you gamble and the more money you stake the chances of a 0 or 00 coming up and wiping you out increases.  It's the same with every casino game - the odds of winning are just slightly under the payout in terms of your bet, and it is that margin that makes casino owners multi-millionaires and leaves mug punters without a pot to p*ss in. . . This all assumes that the wheels are honest and are running properly - that is, they run completely at random.  If you've found a way of checking the "random" number generators online casinos use, then please let us in on your secret.u cant they are all rigged up to a computerGood luck! thats all i can say.
It does.what he said........plus since its little surface area, it happens slowly.It does evaporate.  It's just hard to notice, because there are thousands of gallons of water in the pool.  And every time it rains, that adds more water.
Luck is less of a factor for a good player.People think about putting 10 dollars in versus 3 dollars.  I say most of the time low limits are learners anyway so if you want to win money play high limits it is nerve racking putting more on the line but at least you lose to a good hand not some idiot play 10 2 because it is suited.Low limit poker is about being disciplined pure and simple.  Too often I see better players do what I call the dummy down effect.  They lower their standards to the players around them at the table.  Watching hand after hand go by, they become impatient and move away from his/her game plan.. . However I think the biggest reason is players sit down at a table and play one particular style.  This game is about adapting to the table in order to accquire chips.  Playing one style only allows you to play a small number of hands.  Playing the players and switching gears allows you to play more hands and keep your opponents from figuring your game plan out.. . Yes there is the suckout factor in low limit poker which seems higher then in the higher levels.  However too often I see people complain a race hand 50/50 to 40/60 as a bad beat or a suckout.  My thought process why get your chips in the middle in a situation like that?  People over value hands like AA on a board where another player has 15 outs.  The list goes on an on.. . So my point view is this, to play an effect game you must know the conditions of the table and respond accordingly.  Otherwise you are just setting yourself up for failure.Play solid poker and the math will outlast the variance (by 3003 or so :) )If you are losing, it is because of your game.   It is often difficult to win at let's say a 2-4, 3-6 table just as difficult it is to win at a 20-40, 30-60 game.   If you are talking LIMIT hold em, then you have to analyze your game and figure out what you are doing wrong.   Are you playing too loose, are you not reading your draws correctly, are you calling too much (sign of a fish). . . People think low limit hold em is unbeatable, but it is.  You just have to be patient, know your players, read your players well, and not play on tilt (with emotion).. .  The same goes for a No LIMIT hold em game.   No Limit definitely takes more skill and experience.. . Read a few books if you are on a losing streak.  You might learn a tip or two.In gambling, there is an up and down, winning-losing period.. . If there is a low limit, it is hard to come back from a losing streak. The house wins. . Instead, play lotto/power-ball or let's go partners on a racehorse. Better odds.Because the fishes/rookies/amatures are not afraid to take their 7 2 off suit all the way to the river in hopes of catching a couple lucky cards. I HATE those kind of playersIn low limit poker, it's hard to get back in the game once you're down.  With no limit poker, you can double your chips in one hand and go from last place to first very quickly.Low limit poker?  Or low stakes poker?  I find low stakes poker to be extradinarily easy to beat.  I routinely finish in the money at the $5 sit & go tournaments at Full Tilt Poker.If you are having trouble beating low stakes poker, it could be because you are trying to play it like the game is high stakes (like on TV). I find this happens often at mico-limit games.. . Many players try to bluff or bully their way around on low stakes tables only to be taken time and time again. Why? Well, think about it. Let's say we are playing $1-$2 limit poker, what's the worse case scenario for me staying in a hand? If you said playing a lousy dollar or so (depending on round and betting), you would be right.. . The games are not that hard to beat, but you need to cut out the bluffing and bullying for the most part and play it straight. Not too many people at a poker table are scared of losing a dollar or so.Afraid of repeating the other answers, I'll do my best to explain...When playing low limits, no one is afraid of the pot because it doesn't cost a lot to try to catch a break to make your hand better.  So the odds of losing are greater simply because more people play in the given hand.  and don't try to bluff in a low limit game...Personally if I see someone play a bluff such as they are immediately raising or just being "too excited to bet" and "accidently" bet out of turn.  I will play in to them just because it's not costing me a lot to see if they really have it or not.Many people denounce limit Hold 'Em as the lousiest form of poker there is, but I've made lots of money playing low limit poker over the past three years (not enough to quit my job, but it's always nice to leave a casino with money in your pocket, for once!). Personally, I like limit because it allows you to stay at the table for a long, long period of time for very little money. Think about it...how long would 100 dollars last you at a blackjack table?. . The games in higher limit poker (let's say 5-10 and above) have more "traditional" poker players who value their money and realize the decisions they make on their cards will have a more pronounced impact on their stake if they choose to play wildly, which is generally a no-no in limit poker (more of a no-limit style). So, because the money is higher, people play smarter and you don't see a 7-2 rag win too often at these tables. Remember, though, 5-10 may seem cheap to some people, so you can still get some loose players and weird play at these tables.. . On the other end, when I first started playing I actually found some 1-2 tables, and that was disasterous. It was almost like playing video poker, because the pots are so cheap and of so little value that everyone has to put in just to make it worth your while to play a hand. Because of this, people win with crap cards and you see lots of rockets cracked at tables like these. Playing 1-2 limit poker was, admittedly, like moving out of the Venetian to stay at Circus Circus. Freakishly bad.... . You'll see much the same at 2-4 tables, but the 3-6 and 4-8 tables can give you a little better game. You'll get a good mix of the good and the bad, and if you're worth your salt as a poker player, you should be able to figure out the good and the bad pretty quick. I know, some of us have sat at one of these tables and gotten the same kind of play I described in the last paragraph, but 3-6 and 4-8 are more common limit tables than the lower ranks, so some people are forced into taking the money a little more seriously and you don't have to worry about a fist-fight over a winning beer hand.. . It can also depend greatly upon which house or casino you're in. If you're going to Vegas, check out www.cheapovegas.com, because they give a pretty accurate description of the poker rooms throughout the town. If it's a serious limit poker game you're after, you better be playing at the Horseshoe or the Bellagio and not at MGM and Excalibur. Again, it all depends on the time and the table, but it's considerably more challenging at the Orleans than at the Tropicana! If you don't like the kids calling all the cards to the river, go where the good ones play, avoid all the rest. Those kids who call to the river are good for something...more money, if you know how to play em.. . Low limit is still hard to win for some additional reasons:. . 1.  Low limit means small money, which means some small pots. When you've paid out and paid out and paid out, your money disappears quickly. When you do finally win, the pot can be small to medium, but you don't see too many huge pots that can quickly make up your losses.. . 2.  Limit is an endurance challenge, so you may have to sit down and grind it out for a long, long time. Some folks don't have it in them, and would rather go for the quick-chance at the no-limit tables, where you can pick up a huge pot the moment you sit down, if you're lucky.. . 3.  Because of the time involved, people become impatient and start playing hands that they shouldn't. Limit is a pretty static, cut-and-dry version of poker, or at least the experts tell you that it should be. Everything you've ever read about playing position, playing blinds, top ten hands, next best hands, etc., apply in limit to Nth degree. .     To be successful in the long run of things with limit poker, you've got to play dedicated poker strategy and don't get 
Xbox 360. Even though there's issues with the system, I don't blame on them. The new dashboard looks cool.psp..portablehmm xbox 360 cuz..way better graphics..who cares the psp is portable....i wouldnt mind haveing one though...but ill choose xbox 360 over psp anyday and does whatever crap for media...xbox360 does some stuff bout media..but not portable...anywayz xbox 360..cuz of the graphicsi found that x-box has the better games, but psp has better features.psp is better even though the x box has better graphics, the psp u can take any were and u can play music, videos, look at pics,. . the x box can do that to but u cant take wit u
Surf is HM03. You can't buy it, but get it in the safari zone. . You also can't buy Fly, which is HM02, but aquire it on Route 16.This was a problem for me when I first played Red version. Here's what to do:. . Surf: You need to go to the Safari Zone in Fusia City. Now you'll only have a few steps so don't worry about the extra stuff along the way. I'll separate the areas so It'll be easier to understand.. . Area 1: Go up and right until you find the exit. . Area 2: Go straight, then up the stairs. Then immediately go down the stairs. Go past the lake and up the stairs, then down the stairs. Go up, the left and through the exit.. . Area 3: Don't take the stair you see when you come in. Instead go up and take the stairs there.  After going down the stairs go up, past the house and go left. At the end of the path, go down and through the exit. We're almost there.. . Area 4: When you enter the area, immediately go left and enter the house. Talk to the man inside and he'll give you HM 03.. _______________________. . Fly: This tip is much easier. Go to Celedon City, then leave the city at the exit towards the left (near the bike slopes) Keep in mind you'll need cut. . . Before you exit the city, cut the plant and enter the house on the upper side. Go through the house and enter the house on the other side. The lady there will give you Fly.
This brings back memories!  I snuck out of windows, I snuck out the back door MANY times.  I used to sneak out the front door, sometimes.  In my later teenage years (16-17) I could just walk right out the basement door and nobody would hear a thing!dude, this is the third time you have asked this question tonight.  and the fourth time you have asked. haven't you learned anything? besides, you are only 12 years old!!! go to bed and leave us alone!!!Usually I walked out the front door after everybody was asleep. If they were still awake, out the window but always came back in through the front door!Im more of a window person and just take like a 10 foot jump onto my lawn.I didn't.  I was one of those "good kids"...:)I used to go out of my bedroom window until I came back one time and it was locked...had to sleep in my car
It is to avoid getting hair clogged in drains and pumps, especially for long haired people.  Also, it keeps hair products from polluting the water.  Chlorine kills stuff, but hair products, tanning products, pee, and other pollutants can really cloud up the water.Because they think your hair is ugly.because hair clogs up the filterSwimming areas that require swim caps are doing this for your own protection.  Sad though it is, many people who have lice or scalp infections choose to publicly swim.  Apparently these places have  had problems with this in the past resulting possibly in legal action.  Another reason may be that (since the average person loses 80 strands of hair daily) their filtering system may be getting clogged due to an abundance of loose hair with so many swimmers in their pools.because of cooties,lol headlice mostly the bugs can swim on water & live for quite some time b4 dying, I know this cause my step daughter got it from a pool once also never use anyones towel or haircombs or brushesbecause all the BRUTHAS with Afro-sheen in their hair get the pool all scummy..... YUCK!!
FPS is feet per second that the airsoft BB will travel. The higher it is the faster it is. I have never heard of an electric one however. Normally they are CO2.Marui makes a few Electric pistols that work of batteries (AA or AAA) which have low FPS...but in the last year have begun to put out models called "AEPs (Airsoft Electric Pistols)"...Right now all I've seen are replicas of an HK Mp7 or a Glock 18...they run off a small 7.2V battery pack and seem to fire as well as a stock airsoft gun (around 280fps give or take 10 FPS). . Check those guys out....
is it made in a differnt country? Maybe it hasn't been shipped yet.because they just released the first one. you're thinking that brain age is the sequel to big brain academy. and it is already out.because 1 is probably good enough for them.
I'd ask some of the old-timers in your league for help.  They should be able to watch you play and then give you suggestions on what would work best for you.Taken from the Massachussetts Bowling Page...  . . The Ball - The maximum size of a candlepin ball according to regulations is 4 ½” in diameter.  Smaller balls should not be used as lower scores and machine malfunctions are likely to happen.  The maximum legal weight of the ball is 2 pounds 7ounces.  Every bowler should own four balls of equal weight and size, this will enable him/her to maintain the same grip and speed at all times
Maybe you could start out by checking out some books on watchmaking from the library - or go to any local watch repair shops and talk to the people who work there.  They could probably help you out.Purchase a book that will show you how to do it.  Then go to a variety of places  (or one) to purchase the materials.  It is actually very easy!  All it really is is a frame, the time pieces (numbers and hands) and a mechanisim in the back.
you need dsl or cable internet to use it. get a CAT-5 cable and hook that up between the ps2 and the ROUTER.. the slim ps2 doesnt need a network adapter unless you want to go wireless.get a broadband modem then buy a patch cable and run it to your PS2; or go wireless.Take the line that runs from your modem to your computer. Disconnect it and connect it to your PS2. That line is the ETHERNET line.you need a network adaptor, then just plug it in and the internet in and you are ready
Use a Trileen knot to tie it to the spool of the reel. If you do not know what that is go to a fishing store and look for either the red or blue Trileen Line Box.  There is a picture on how to tie a Trileen Knot.  I have used this for many years and have never had any problems with either blue gills or salmon.  Have fun fishing.. . DaveUse the same knot that you use to tie hooks to the line!Assuming it's a spinning reel,  flip the bail open, feed the line through the eyelets, tie a slip knot in the end of the line, slip it over the spool and draw tight.  Close the bail and use one hand to add a little tension to the line and turn the handle to wind it in.you can use a slip knot, tighten it down good and snug and start wrapping the line around the reel. it won't come untied and can move around the reel if all the line is let out..You've gotta tie it as tight as you can, and then wind it by hand for a few turns, then you can use the handle to wind it and it will work fine.  If you fill the spool up too much then the reel won't cast as well.
If they won't fit over the faucet, use the filler provided & hold both the filler and the balloon neck tightly. If you don't have a filler, you can use a medicine syringe with a large, open end.  Again, squeeze the place where the balloon meets the  the tube while pushing the plunger.at any store such as target or walmart, you can buy mini nozzles to put on the end of your water hose. but be careful and turn it on slowly at first (unless you want to get sprayed!) and gradually make it faster. make sure the water balloon is on the nozzle completely when you think it is full enough turn the hose off! THANX 4 READIN!try the outside water line they seem to work best, just turn water on slow, plus the mess is already outside.I USE A DISHWASHING BOTTLE THAT'S FILLED WITH WATER AND FILLED MY BALLOONS THAT WAY.they sell a nozel that goes on the sink or hose that makes it real easywith the tap at a sink! turn the water on slowly.Don't buy the mini ones.put it on the hose or the tap,you just have to hold it open farther than the tap.unless you plan on spending an hour of your day filling up your balloons,I reall suggest you don't use mini ones.But if you only have what you have and you can't/not allowed to by anything else from the store,then try the above.the mini water balloons can fill with the tap adopter .when we insert the  tap  adopter with tap and then insert the tiny balloons to the thin lyre the balloons will be filledYou can use a large plastic syringe filled with water, then place the small balloon on the tip of the syringe and hold onto it tightly.  Then push the water into the small balloon since the tip of the syringe is small also.Get the bigger balloons, they stretch alot more.sweeto. 6 days ago. . 7 day(s) left to answer. . . Report Abuse. .  How do you fill a water balloon?. These are mini ones, not regular balloons. . . Additional Details. . 6 days ago. It doesn't stay on the tap, and it flies off when i use a filler included with the package!. . 5 days ago. i don't know wat a adapter or water syringe is. . 14 answers  .     Answer this Question  .  . Search the Web to research your answer. .    .  . Email Question. . Add to WatchDitto above.  If they are extremely small, you may have to use an adapter on the spicket.  You must be able to stretch the neck of the balloon over the nossle of hose or sink.  Barely turn the water on if you don't want to get soaked.I usually let my husband handle that one. :-)first, you have to stretch the balloon a lot. then, put the stretched balloon on a hose nozzle or tap. then turn the water on slow. only fill it up 2/3 of the way, so that you can tie it without having it pop.
It's illegal.. I wouldn't try it.. You have to have a serial code and put it in some file on the installed program on the computer. I'm not sure how to do it, but I've seen someone do it and it works =PCareful, crackfound.com is a highly frustrating site and most times you never find what you want. If you have it, LimeWire does a pretty good job of finding cracks. Select Programs or All when selecting your cetegory, then type the name of the game with 'crack' beside it (eg. Flight Sim 200 crack). You can also try http://keygen.us/, with millions of completely reliable cracks, serials and other codes, it's a very great sitesearch for a crack for the game at http://www.crackfound.com
if it is a small Ps2, and you didn't fill out the warranty when you bought it... the fuse in the backof thwe console blew.... happened on all slim PS2s.. sony sent everybody who sent in a warrantee a new PS2 who's bugs were worked out.. happened on my PS2 tooit depends if you have a old hunky PS2 or the new thin PS2, I had an old hunky PS2 before and eventually it would just stop playing all my PS2 games and my DVDs(Except for my little brothers retarded Oswald DVD). This is why I had to get me a new thin PS2 that actually works pretty well.buy a game Dr scratch remover for your discs if its not the discs your PlayStation might be old and need the laser cleaned if your warranty is up you can open it and try to do it yourself i know people that did and it worked but i would call Sony and see if there was anything they could do before i did that or sell it to a used game store and buy a new oneWhy are you putting PS2 games on your Xbox? Well thats the problem!If you bought your games used there is a high possibility that the games could have gotten really bad scratching from the previous owner. This happened to me when I bought the old Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4. My dad hated spending any more money than he had to so he said "get the cheapest version of the game in the store." After that ever 10 minutes and 17 seconds (exactly, I was so pissed one day I timed it). . . I've heard of those CD shields that let your console or CD player read it better but I don't know where to get them. Check your local game store and see what accessories they have that can help you out.maybe the console is from a diffrent countryBecause you are using an XBoxsomestimes if you have a chip in the console,the new games wont play on it,,,they have some kind of security device on the games.
As the others said, it is not necessarily age oriented. It is more to do with over use of the wrists and also some predisposition towards the problem. My son has played video games for 20 years and has no problems. I have used computers extensively and  only had problems when I did not use good ergonomics.I don't think that there's a particular age for that, if you work with your hands alot, oh yeah it may be coming.You can get carpul tunnel at any age if you are doing repetative motions with your hands- vidio games, typing, etc.  Stretching and taking breaks from these activities will help.There isn't a set age that you start to see it because it is a self inflicted degenerative disease.Any Age if you do a lot of game playing or computer work.Carpal tunnel is one of those things that doesn't discriminate.  It can affect you at any age.
Steam is software developed by Valve Software that checks for updates and other downloads for Valve games and products you have installed on your computer. The good thing about it is that it keeps the software updated on your computer. The bad thing about it is that you have to log into Steam before you can even play one of the games that you installed on your computer. It can be very annoying, especially for those that have quirky connections to the internet.Steam is needed to play games by Valve (Half Life, etc.).http://www.steampowered.com/. . Have funstream????Steam is a program that many people use to play games such as Counter Strike and Half Life. It can be found by just typing "Steam" into google. Also if you want more info check out my source.Steam is a software distribution program from Valve software. They make Half Life, Half Life 2, Counter Strike, Counter Strike: source, DOD, Team Fort. and more. They are all FPS (first person shooters)
ok you wear a white t shirt (no bra) and ya get hosed down . who ever has the best boobs wins.wet t shirt is when a girl t-shirt is wet . for guys to see their boobsIt is where a bunch of drunk guys have girls in white T-shirts with no bras and they wet them down...SOunds fun huh, If only they had better things to do...A contest that has girls wearing wet t-shirts.imagine hot women with t-shirts with no bras and lots of water ;)it is when girls wear a white shirt with no bra and get wet so guys can see their boobs and who ever has the best breats winsA contest where loads of men (and sometimes ladies) gather to watch women wearing skin tight t-shirts get all wet.
Just because it's in front of us, doesn't always mean that we can see it.. Sometimes, we need someone to point it out it us.sometimes you go on yahoo! answers... is for fun. -from Nacho Libre.LOL! good question! maybe we just wanna know what other people think!you like to give points by the way thanks for these twofor ptswe want to hear others opinion, maybe it's not really the right answer we have...... Plus, it's sort of fun.just for the hell of it, i suppose...ask yourself! it's what you're doing!
Because for some reason, and we are not sure why... but Americans think Baseball is a better sport... *boggle*.  Well, no accounting for good taste right?i don't know but i think they should!!!!!   I love soccer!!!!. . ps.  i want italy to win!!!  . GO ITALY!its stupidi dont know why probably they like other sportsthey are already out of itIt's a boring game!because they suckthey play SOCCER. the others play FOOTBALLUm, because it's SOCCER?
129.99$ now. 99.99$ when PS3 comes out. Every game store aroundThe recent cost of PS2 is reported to be $129.99.You could buy it at Walmart,Game Crazy.I would suggest Walmart 'cause they give you a 90 day warranty on it.You could even try some other electronic stores which are around your place.depends on where you get it.. its around $120 and $150 right now,when PS3 comes out then its like $50-$100Walmart I think they are, $129. Or try Eaby.wallmart $120.00$129.99, and you can get it basically anywhere that sells video games.   I would just get an Xbox 360 instead :D  way way better.. . [edit]. luda's wrong, the price just dropped....trust me.look on ebay and u should be able to find one for under 70 bucks now that the ps3 is coming out. I promise u will not find one cheaper anywhere else.
Go to www.avatars.yahoo.com  and that's it.  That's how I got mine!  Good luck and have fun with it!either make a yahoo avatar or use a yahoo 360 avatar or u could actually use a picturego to your mail and click the picture to the left and it will bring you right to itGo to your Q&A, apply for the 360 account set up, apply for free, and then move on to set up your avatar!  You must apply for the 360 degree offer to get this benefit.
after your free trial you have to buy it to play again.the only thing you could do would be to try downloading it from another game site. Or best of all purchase the full game as it takes awhile to get all the way through it.Go back to where you got the trial , Then Click Download instead of Free Trialgo to msn and see if they have a free online version of cake mania...i know they have some free online games but i do not know if cake mania is one of themI think you have to buy it now, I played the free trial too and loved it!If you didn't get it from zone.msn.com get it there and never close it. You can keep on and do other stuff by pushing the Windows button. The programmers messed it up on MSN and forgot to tell it to turn off after one hour. Turning off your comp by hitting the power button will cause it to only take off 5 min. If you did get it from MSN, you need to do a web search and download it from different sites.you have to buy it now because your free trail is up
R1, R2, L1 , X, Left , Down, Right, Up, Left, Down, Right, Up. This is for PS2, they also have the PC codes as well.Personally i'm not a GTA fan but my fav spot for codes is www.cheatcc.com....hope it helps!go to www.gamewinners.com
You win them by getting the highest score on games. Some people sell them in there Yard Sales but they cost alot of money.You get them by doing well at the different games.here you can get help . . . http://millsberryclub.proboards103.com/. . they tell you how many points for each game
Firstly, to answer your question. The reason genealogists trace the male line is simply because the surname remains the same down the male line and this makes tracing ancestors easier.. . Secondly it is a myth that in many cases the husband is not the father. In reality it is only about 1% of cases where the husband/partner is not the father of the child.Mainly because the males surname is the name you do not ever change like a womans does when she marries this makes tracing by name easier.. Maybe it's traced through the male genes because the male genes are more prominent or stronger that would make sense but I do not know if that is the reason why, maybe it's just done because it is traditionally done through the maleswell lets just assume that for the majority of the world, the father is who the mother says it is. But I agree it should be by the mother since you always know who your momma is.
because we have an underlying issue such as depression or obsessive compulsion disorder. i have been dealing with it for about 4 years now and its aweful. i think the best option for people who dont know when to stop is 1-888-BETS-OFF and then see a doc to find out whats really goin on. thats my plan anyway.cause they are not normal-but there is some hope.. That WHY oh WHY u took from Ace right?Because they think they will all pay off one day...Probably because they are "addicted" to gambling.  Yep people can be addicted to even scratch and win games.  Why?  Mostly because of that "High" feeling they get when they win.  They keep playing trying to getthat high again.  As they get deeper in debt they just keep believing that if they get that one big win, theyll be able to recover their losses and stop, but unfortunately, that big win never comes, or if it does, they just get that high feeling again and want to keep playing.. . Just like any other addiction it's usually caused by turmoil in their own life, problems in their marriage, at work, or issues from childhood.. . There are associations to help with this, there is actually rehab for gamblers and GA (gambler's anonymous.). . Hope that answers your question.They hope for good fortune in money...      It can never happen
Urine is waste.  It's one way your body expels toxins within your body.  What do you think?  Think it might be bad?Your pee is made of waste materials, like ammonia, which your body doesn't need at all! It's getting rid of it. If you drank pee instead of water, you'd die within a few days from dehydration and poisoning.your urine is full of toxins & impurities that your body must get rid of to prevent infections & illnessesyou're getting it out of your body for a reason... besides it's grossdiseasesThat's nasty, why would anyone even want to think about drinking that poisonIf your so thirst you are about to die its understandable but I dont believ most people like the taste. I believe it would be an acquired tast. Thoush it looks like lemonade Im sure it doesnt taste like it. I did hear if you rinse your mouth with urine it will make your teeth extremely white. It works! Try it!it's gross and y would u?ammoniaIf you are interesting then try mine, and tell me what it taste and feel...are you really asking aquestion like that. its gross!!Because it's toxic.It is good for your health, shoot there people out there that drink there own pee, because just to feel good.it is nastry and it has a lot of disease in it if i was you i will not try thatits not really bad urine is sterile, if you had absolutly nothing to drink if you drank that you'd be ok for a while longer so if you get stranded on an island or something with no drinks go ahead and drink it because you can only last 3 days without water.actually urine is sterile. I wouldn't really hurt you. all it is your bodies way of getting rid of what it doesnt need. Sure it smells, looks, and probably tastes gross but it would really just go back through you again unless you've been taking alot of medicines or illegal narcotics.Urine is a waste product and therefore may contain toxins expelled by your body such as undigested alcohol, ammonia, and lead.  However, urine is mostly water and a person's own urine is sterile when fresh.  It is considered acceptable to drink one's own urine in dire situations when you have no access to fresh water for long periods of time.  It is also not unheard of for people to drink their own or another person's urine.  It is part of a recognized fetish know as "golden showers" or "water sports".It taste bad and it's unhealthy.u r such a stupid girl!!!!!!!!!!!!better drink my one i ll email it to u!!!!!!!!!!!waste product...It's not. I just don't know why anyone would want to.Because then people would call you urine breath, or potty mouth. And it's just plain gross.i actually heard in some ways its good for you. but i dont kno. i wouldnt do it either wayWhy would you want to?Unless you are in  life or death circumstance I wouldn't recommend it.  Save it for being stuck in the desert.pee is waste fluid........ waste is what the body doesnt use. why would you wanna drink that anyway?????drinking something your body sees fit to get rid of?????
BE A GAME DESIGNERMake it fun.. . You should get a degree. Try this site:. http://www.worldwidelearn.com/arts-humanities/game-design-degree.htmDo you want to make a game Or design a game,. If design is what you want then get into graphics and programming. And you are on your way.. .  If you want to make a game then that means you want to oversee the designers & programmers and you want to have every1 else do the work you just come up with a concept and an @ss load of money and you are on your way.how much money you got??? cuz it takes millions to make a gameThink of a concept. Make up a form. Ask specialists to make that form 'artistically pleasant'. Find programmes that can make that form into 0's and 1's so the computer can work with it.. . Oh, and bring a sh!tload of money.. . Then you only have a game. If you want people to play it you also need a distributor and an adcampagne.. . And more money.
More people don't because they think it's gross. I feel, to each his own, but some people think it's gross.they say that 80% of people admit they pee in the pool and 20% are lying about peeing in the pool.If they did the pool would be yellow and no one would get in the pool. And usually old ppl do that stuff.maybe the chlorine destroys the pee, but people go into the pool for a swim, not a swimming session!The chlorine may destroy the bad stuff in the pee but there would still be the same volume of pee left and if everyone was peeing in the pool it would overflow (its logical if you think about it.....really hard)because it's really disgusting.... would u swim in a "full of pee" pool ? me no way...Cause it is gross.Because it really is horrible. Even though the chlorine destroys it within 30 seconds (which is one of the reasons it is there, also to stop the water becoming moldy), think about what would happen if all the people in the pool on a busy day pee'd all at the same time. It would be discusting.
Bet!  Ante up means to place your bet on the table.means do you want in the hand or not
try something different use your oven and go buy a muffin pan and use some baker's joy. try thatThey will pop out when their time is up you cant make them go fasterIt does it by itself if it doesn't must be a prob with your program try re loading game the more you upgrade the oven the quicker they come out I always try to get to maximum upgrade ASAP . . Hope this helps
Offer her high-heels.   (DUH!!!)Shortsheet the bed first.The same way you get any woman in bed;  dinner, a nice conversation, some drinks, a little flirting, and lots of foreplay.. . Enjoy!shell be in her bed when she needs to sleepWhy are you making fun of little people?
barbarians are good too, can stand on the opposite side of the tables in the longhall. If you're a member, you can train at the Moss Giants west of the fishing guild... they're level 40 or so though.heres a simple way train range is to kill and recollect your arrows so they last longer of course try killing cows or something behind a fence near the gate so you can get your arrows and not get hurt. im not exactly sure where you can train if you want to kill strong monsters but thats the best way
The remaining payouts are passed on to the next of kin. They're still considered the deceased's assets (they're accounts receivable) and as such the next of kin - or whoever the deceased named in his/her will - would get them.. . Edit: in regards to old school's statement, I remembered I'm not from the States and it may vary country to country.Government gets them here.They do not go to next of kin.  The state keeps the money.  It is in the rules.  Get the lump sum.they give to your kids or maybe to your dog!~!!!
Yes, it's been running for some time.. . As you earn more points (by answering questions, having your answer chose as best, and voting on and rating answers), your "level" goes up.  As your level increases, you can ask/answer/vote/rate more questions each day.  See the scoring system below.Maybe you need to do a bit of soul searching!Since you just started, that's why you don't get to answer a lot of questions. You start off at Level 1 and after you get a certain amount of points, you advance to further levels. Just keep answering questions, asking questions, and voting on undecided questions and you'll get to spend more time on here.after level 5 you can answer as many as you like . ,all day and all night . for ever and ever ,. never stopping ,. going on and on. and on . and on . and onYes, it has been going on a while, the more points you get the more questions you can answer, go to your profile and click on the tell me more tab, it explains everything.Yahoo answers works on a leveled system.  At different levels you are allowed to ask/answer a certain number of questions daily.  The levels are based on the points you get for answering/asking questions.  To find out how many points you need, or what level you are on click on your name on the home page of yahoo answers and it will show you.Off topic but anyways i think its level based
The old games that worked on 98 really don't work well on XP, I should know I have tons of them and only play them everyonce in awhile.  You would think you could play them on XP but you can't with out some difficultiesHA HA HA!!!because its oldit could be that the  configurations in the game don't match the resolution quality that your computer has...the only way to fix it is to get a better video card and try messing with the video quality in the game...you do realize it is 2006 right
it is not very nice!!!! how can i say it without being offensive?? well I guess that is impossible, well running a trin with a girl means that there is one girl and a varied number of boys that take turns being intimate with her one after the other.IT MEANS MULTIPLE PEOPLE LINE UP AND TAKE TURNS HAVING SEX WITH ONE GIRL
It's nothing that important. It's mainly just a way to set up limits for asking and answering for new users (who could be spammers) and to get people a little more interested in participating.. . The only things you really get for a higher points level are fewer limits and a green wallpaper for your computer at level 2. It's nothing big, just something to make it a little bit more enjoyable.so we can 'brag to our friends' according to yahoo... . and whats sad is a friend of mine does....and then the inner caveman in us gets all competitive and we have the need to beat them. . . so yea. yahoos just messing with our minds Xpit a global awareness proyect,as well as collecting data. . but neverthless it is restricted to world order countries. and therefore limited.,an undersight of the illuminati. . a many side question.,with a many sided answer. a) there must be people that benefit from all of the data that is generated in ANSWERS.. . peoples likes.dislikes ,what they like to drink.. how many times have we seen the question, . do you like coke or pepsi ,or. what they like to eat , how many questions are about peoples favorite food .. . This applies to all catagories of human behaviour. sexuality.religion,politics, living style and location.. . Maybe people do not give the information at once ,but over a long period ,with millions of questions .. a computor makes short work of piecing together a persons complete profile.,. . And obvious dissadents are revealed.. as are aliences as well as market trends , political afiliations etc.. . So think for yourself the number of organisations,Government,. Consumerism,Church . that could be interested in all this information. . . This is the hidden Agenda i would think. . B )On the ground or the internet is us . the inocent,people in need of answers ,or those who want to be angry or sad or who simply want to be part of something or find friends or colaborators , now have a venue to ask what ever they like ,in whatever way they like..this is attractive. . the emotion is fueled by the fact that the questions get answers ,and because there is a varied and complex mass of people out there ,the answers can be anything.. so it is interesting and the people keep asking.. . C) then there is the engine ,the people who answer. they feel good because they are helping people ,and can say things ,that otherwise, no one might listen to.. they can vent their anger,give advise and be wise,be sarcastic,loving,hatefull also anything is possible .. and they contiually advance ,become more apreciated or hated,more famous or infamous because they get points . can you believe it that all these thousands of people are sitting up all night ,just for points and giving away information for free. they get to meet a lot of people,but at what cost?????. . At every level ,they are promised that they are going to get a really special thank you and with every rise in level the thanking will be more and more special,. with more and more points .the empty carrot.forever dangling in front of ones nose. . but somehow they buy it ,the hunger for fame becomes more intense and the exalted positions by points becomes sweeter,. they keep answering questions.. . empty promises of imaginary rewards ,things being better all the time ,but hard to pin down. almost like religion.. so yahoo answers is comperable to a religious experience ,the rewards coming most likely in the life after yahoo.. just hope it wont be a federal prison.¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡.... . .a giant information machine that practically runs on air. with a yahoo team desperately thinking up ways to keep the thing motivated . they should give cash prizes by email anywhere on the planet and this thing would run a thousand times better ,(the big mistake of the Illuminati,so they are not perfect villains after all)Maybe in the future we can buy stuff with our points..........motivationi don't no i was wondreing the same thing! how funny hahah
people in the us are not interest in soccer. we are more interest in sports such as football, baseball, basketball, and even hockey. We do not like it because we have yet to win a world cup.You answered your own question? o.O. . I happen to like soccer =^.^=. . Go Netherlands!b/c soccer, in the US, isn't  very popularthey are lucky..............They don't because they prefer games without ties.
You cant really cheat but there are ways to play very cheap that regulars call cheesing that are considered cheating.  Thisngs like unnescesary pausing.  Cheap, unstopable passing routes and going for it on fourth down.They go to a web site and find cheats.They use cheat codes or they play madden cardswell if you quit a game, then you lose. They can fix it so if they are losing, they can disconnect and it will make you lose.
Well, I can tell you that SOCOM games work with LAN. So does Metal Gear Solid 3: Subsistence. I dunno how to set up a LAN, though. Why not just play online together?Just go buy a router, run the CD that comes with it on your computer.  Then, hook up the ethernet cords to the PS2s. After that, unplug your modem and router for about 30 secs. Plug the modem back in, then the router. Wait until the signal is found and you should be good to go. It's how I fixed mine anyway.
race backwardsit's after you beat 50, 100, and 150 cc.  it's just 150cc backwards.the courses are backwardsit means u make the laps backwards
Mine, make stuff and then sell it. Gets you money AND puts up your mining and smelting skills.if your members then woodcutting and fletching, also smithing, if your not members then just smithinggo to www.rs2cheating.com . download auto-woodcutter turn auto-woodcutter overnight and you'll have 50 woodcutting and alota wood to sell and you get to sleep while you make money. they have other cool features like auto fighter.sell things and mine coal and killing monsters are the easy-est
Quite a bit, the 30/30 would be a lever action rifle,common bullet a 150 grain flatpoint,velocity at 200 yds 1600fps, energy 858 ftpds  : weatherby 30/.378 mag., bolt action,  170 grain spire point,vel at 200 yds 3500fps, energy 4295 foot pounds,  about five times the energy  at impact.Not much if you're at the wrong end of the barrel.. . Please award the Best Answer points to me right now because you cannot argue the logic of this response and you stand in awe of the tremendous empathy and intelligence of this responder. Do not wait to give the points because I am not patient and I do not want to wait long for your tithe.To Charlie Tuna: get bent.. . To the person who asked the question: A 30-30 bullet is 30 caliber with 30 grains of powder in it. A 30-378 Magnum is still 30 caliber, but the extra powder makes the bullet much faster and more damaging.One will dislocate your arm a second faster than the other.Weatherby = much bigger bang.Charley's part right and part Wrong... I live in Utah and go hunting every year for Elk , I also hunt in Wyo for Buffalo...I also spent a number of years in the Marine corps. .. Currently I own a Belgein made Fn/Fal .308 cal for target shooting.I also own a Browning BAR w/Boss and it is a 300 WinMag, I also have a Winchester 30/30 Lever (just for fun). Up close there's not much differance. They all kill. wher the differance lays is in the distance they will kill at a 30/30 will drop a deer up to 250 yards 300 is about the limit My 300 winmag or the  378 will drop a buffalo at 800 yrds the  378 has a bigger powder cap than my 300 but doesnt shoot as flat..I have never shot a 378 but I have shot against it at the range..It's an awesome caliber I will how ever keep my 300 WinMag..not a lot in the sizeWell, i've never heard of a 30/378 mag, perhaps you meant .378 mag?  It's bigger than a 30/30, has more powder and a larger bullet.
Seriosu button bashing guarantees victory as you will pull off some great moves without realising!  Select two player and practise on your statue like opponent.do people still have megadrives?
Use a spellmaker to fashion a low cost Alteration that targets you (something like shield will do).  Then just walk around casting it over and over.WOW DUDE I WANT THAT GAME!!!!. . you should look in the manual.or walk arround talking to people.. . I have morrowind
It depends on what class you are.  My friend has only beat her as a turtle tamer so if you are a turtle tamer then use combos (head butt sheild butt knee butt)  This will most likely destroy her!naughty sorceress...  sounds like she needs a good spanking if you ask me!  (wink)Try aiming better and see the results.Well, it really depends on how naughty this sorceress is.  Then spank her accordingly.
i also want. tell me if u have ok? otherwise i think gg to clubs is still a waste of moneyBe rich or famous. Or know someone who is. Else spend a couple of hundreds to buy a membership. Once you get on one ... you can easily get on the others.buy flesh imp, be a VIP member and you can into most of the big clubs for FREE. :D
That is because the people who are making these disgusting things are just pigs. Don't worry they will come up with something even more weird and disturbing. but whatever you do, never buy them for a child,  who knows what it might do for the child's pyschological health.Because we are a people who do not stand up for what we believe in and allow these idiots in corporate america to spoon feed our children this garbage so as to corrupt them at the earliest possible age. or something like the...All people care about is money, money, money. If people buy the dolls, then they will keep making more to sell.Sex sells...and sadly the toy companies are cashing in on it. You just have to watch what you get your kids now.Well The Bratz are dumb I can say that. no other remark.i heard bratz dolls were designed to be trampslol yeah ummm. those dolls are weird. most parents wont let their daughters play with those.. umm i have no clue just write a letter to the copany, im sure they got alot of complaints about other clothing on those dolls.THEY DO NOT WEAR THONGS! I THINK I WOULD KNOW, BECAUSE I OWN ONE!!!! AND WHY WERE YOU EVEN LOOKING AT THEM, THEY WEAR CUTE OUTFITS OVER THE UNDERWEAR!!!Well i do admitt that bratz are scary so ya i dont really knowI do not like those dolls at all and I would never buy one for my child and if she got one as a present I would have to return it. Those dolls are very sick.I am sorry, but responsible parents need to boycott Bratz dolls.   If ever I saw a doll for a pedophile or someone wanting their little girls to grow up and dress like prostitutes....this is it.  . . Parents take control... stop giving in to advertising and your children.  You are suppose to be the adults.. . As to they WHY??? are they made...  Simply... dollars and cents.   People buy them.... so the company makes more.
you must be quiet, avoid the rolls landing on the roof, and have a get-away driver ready.  First wrap the tree trunks, cars, and doorways for best results.  Second, toss the rolls over the lower branches first, and gradutally work your way to the top.  leaving extra "gifts" in the yard will help as well.im just about to do it to my bus driver cuz shes fat and ugly and mean...i bought a big pack of toilet paper and what u do is unroll it a little and grab the end and throw the roll over there trees and stuffyou gotta have a good arm, do you know how tall some of those trees are?Ask Stan, Kyle, Kenny and Cartman how they did it.  They did a great job of teepeeing their art teachers house!if you do...make sure, rain is in the forecast for the next day. it will harder for whom ever gets TP'd to remove it. LOL. sorry if anyone out there disagrees with this advice. But, its part of growing up and an experience everyone teen should enjoy.Get some TP and start throwing, then run like hell cause you may get your butt kicked.get toilet paper and throw it on the trees and put it on the grass too.
Depends on how heavy your load is, I wouldn't drive thru if its muddy. Just make sure you keep your eyes on the road condition.as safe as you drive it. yellowstone has good roads.
Unfortunately, that's the only way you'll get to play it.  Sorry.You can't. It is nearly impossible without the modchip.
It's eazy if u r not dumb. The PS2 in which it's written, made in China r fake. Trust me everything else is original.buy from stores there always realDon't ever, ever, ever, ever buy bootlegs of anything, or any kind of electronics, games, DVDs, jewelry, etc. etc. from any place that's not an actual retailer. Ever. That includes the blankets filled with your favorite DVD on the sidewalks of NYC. A) It's illegal. B) You never know what you're gonna get. C) You always, always get what you pay for. . . That being said... buy your PS2 from Best Buy, Walmart, Target, GameStop, EB, etc.. I bought my first one used from GameStop. They're pretty cool, cuz they guarantee it works, and if not, you can bring it back within X days. Had some issues that I incorrectly blamed on the system and brought it back for a new, slim one. Or, if you can, you might even wait for the new PS3 to come down in price, because now that it's out, many games are going to be designed for that system, and you'll find that less and less will be made for PS2 (cept, of course, for the "good" companies who finally understand that the PS2 is just a staple these days).I will assume you are speaking of PS2 games. While it is nice to purchase from retail stores, not all of us can afford the prices. Pawnshops and flea markets do have great prices, and can be a positive experience for great deals.  You  just have to pay attention to certain details when buying secondhand. Original Playstation 2 discs have "Playstation 2" and the PS logo holograms on the underside of the disc. Look for this on the game side (opposite the label side) towards the center hole. "Fake" or pirated copies will not have this. Also, here are some more tips:. . - Look at the packaging and avoid poor quality or photocopied printed labels.. . - Genuine PlayStation One games are made from black polycarbonate. . - Genuine PS2 games are blue on the back if a CD ROM version and silver on the back if a DVD version. . . - Genuine games are never released on recordable CDs.
EbayMy friend buys and sells his Hummell's on ebay and always seems to get a good price for them.  Good luck.ebay
It's an aubergine. If you cross an aubergine with a Mexican jumping bean, guess what you get?. . An organic vibrator!. . Fnaar! Fnaar!. . It's the way I tell 'em.purple looking thing bit like a fat courgette. . it is an eggplant.Aubergine:. 1. Hairy upright herb native to southeastern Asia but widely cultivated for its large glossy edible fruit commonly used as a vegetable. 2. Egg-shaped vegetable having a shiny skin typically dark purple but occasionally white or yellowIt is a kind of vegetables like potato and tomato..... And if you want to see a photo go to:. http://alkabarit.com/seha/khodar8.htm. But this sit isn't englishIt's an aubergine commonly known as an eggplant. A largepurple vegetable.Aubergine.....its a veg thats oval in shape, dark purple and comes from the egg plant family, used in dishes like MoussakaU mean Aubergine. It is also called an egg plant as that is wot they grow on.It is a fruit that looks a bit like a large purple or white cucumber. Doesnt taste nice raw but when cooked becomes tender and develops a rich, complex flavour and firm texture.
Use a sewing kit or a  sewing machine.....The full directions for making a vest would be a bit too complicated to tackle on Yahoo! Answers. You should probably go to a fabric store to find a suitable pattern. The pattern will tell you everything you need to know.
Well, you can always call or email the Xbox people and yell at them like they caused every bad thing in the world(even though calling is more effective this way-emails don't show emotions). Then if they don't care, you can go find an Xbox forum and start a boycott of Xbox services.Call 1800-4-myxbox and tell them to cancel. However,I do not know if you will be able to get a refundits impossible.  all u can do is buy another one if u want a different gamertag
Get a Game Genie at FuncoLand if they still carry them.i dont knowI remember how fun figuring out that game was. At one point I could beat the game in under 3hrs. As far as I know, there are no cheats outside of game genie, pro-action replay, or game shark.
Be case the right is your "sword" side. Before the advent of fire arms one defended himself with a sword, because of this your horse need armor on it's right side (75% of people are right handed). With the armament it was necessary to mount form the opposite side.Because as part of their ensemble they would also be sporting a sword, worn on their left side. Try mounting anything from its right side with a sword strapped to the left side of you…..it’s not very easy.
If you have USB Cord you can go to the Official PlayStation website and download the latest firmware there. You know what click the blue link below PlayStation will give you the steps to put the firmware on your PSP.just go to a wifi hotspot . example:starbucks, some mc donalds
get the update 4 it then find a wireless connection it that easyYou have to have at least update 2.1(or maybe 2.0, not sure) I think, then you have to have wireless internet and set up a connection and open the web browser...done.YOU GOT TO BUY SOMETHING THAT DOES NOT CONE WITH THE PSPwith conecting it with pc or ps2I have a PSP to you can use the internet at home if you pick me to have 10 pts juss e-mail me when u pick me and ill help you set it all up its to long to say on here!you plug it in with the usb cable to the motom and somthing should pop up you may have to install a program.you need to find a "hotspot" which is a wi-fi connection they have them at mcdonalds but you have to pay for it and they usually have it for free at airports and hotels. also if you have highspeed internet you can buy a wireless router that will broadcast a wireless signal call wi-fi and then you buy a card for your pc and it will connect to just like your psp also if you have a laptop then they usaully will connect to it
It can't just be any ordinary usb cable, you need a special one designed to connect a PS2 and a PSP. Only certain games allow the connection and it really doesn't do much except for maybe extra content or something.what he said^It does absolutly nothingWell, it is not  just  as simply as hook up one to the other, although hooking it up is. what i mean by that is their are certain  games that are available for the psp and the ps2  that can unlock certain content in both. For example socom team bravo for the psp and socom 3 for ps2, did you know if you have both games and connect the two of them together they unlock levels and content you could not get, if you play these games alone  so far these are the only game to my knowledge that uses this function, and also armored core, I believe is another one that executes this function also their are proably other but as of right now I don't Know . And whether or not you transfer media from your psp to ps2 i doubt it, so we have to wait  for the ps3, to see if you able to transfer media but that remains to seen. I hope this clear up some of this for you I also suggest you    research that online on some gaming sites.
It's an urban legend. It was told that a gallon milk jug full was worth $60.00. In actuallity it's the same price as cans.At the aluminum tab store.salvage yard, they pay the same for pull tabs as any other scrap aluminumGo to an aluminum can exchange.....You can find them by calling 411, or shopping centers sometimes have them...It is true because i have gotten money for my aluminum cans!!!you have to take them to a place that recycles aluminum. be warned though, you're likely to get only pennies per pound
Did you remember to put the battery in? ;)power button or maybe it need more charging, you may want to call the store where you bought it from and ask them in electronics would be my sugestion. good luck !!Silver switch on the right hand side ;)It might not need charging.  Just play it.there is a power button on one of the sides click it
get a game sharkUhhh, you must eat 1,000 Wonka Bars and receive the Golden Ticket.  Then drink the fizzy lifting soda and get chopped to grisly bits in the ceiling fan.i dont know i tried with an action replay and it didn't work
PLEASE DO NOT ATTEND ANY GAMBLING or LOTTERY ONLINE. I AM CHEATED BY AUTOMATICSUB SERVICE FREELOTTO COMUS? THEY ACCESS MY CREDIT CARD EVERY MONTH FOR YEARS & I LOST THE LINK HOW TO STOP IT & i DO NOT KNOW HOW TO STOP IT. CHEATED. THEY DO NOT HONEST do you know how to stop it? email me at   sangbaine @ yahoo.comA playstation emulator is a software that emulates the game system program on your computer.  One of the first marketed software of this was BLEEM!  The playstation sued them and they went bankrupt.  As Amet stated that there were other emulators that came from other individual that shares the wealth with others usually for free.  The software would simulate the playstation games  on the computer.  As the systems get bigger the programs become more elaborate.  Amet stated that about ROMS which were the systems that used the cartigages that you plugged into the system.  You can find these around the net but it is more or less illegal.  Here is a link to show you what Bleem looked like http://www.megagames.com/psx/psx_bleem!.shtmlits a program that lets u play playstation games on ur computer , it can read pirate and original cds. there are playstation 1 and 2 emulators, humm, gameboy advance, and u can get the roms but for the Playsstaion its way much better to use cd,s . the emulators are completly free (at least in my country) iA program you download to your computer so you can play Playstation CD's on it.what amet said
if u search free psp u will find itSteal one.Unless you want to go steal one from a little kid, you cannot.go to video game websites and there should be little on screen pop ups saying if you shoot something like a target you win a free psp but be careful theres always a catch to free stuff. or. get one as a gift. or. steal one. or. enter contestsfind contests offering a psp and enterKnock some little rich kid down and take his. . OR- dare I say it. Become a lady of the night.if you enter one of those pop ups you have to pay for a lot of other memberships bc my brother tried to get a free Ipod and signed up for at&t and got msil syaing thanks for signning uo and got more mail and got the IpodEnter a contest where they give one away or steal one.maybe on your birthday from your familyjoin some contest
It means gift if crib. That they gave you something that could be good into your cribMeans gift in crib...means that there have been good point cards put in the crib.  or that the turned up card makes points in your crib.Tell you what, if you follow the source that I give you it will take you to a place that you can print off every known slang there is used on the chat room, Im's and even on this page here.I can only guess that it stands for gee i see.. . Click the like and see if this will help you out in the further. It is print friendly if you have a printer.. . Hope this helps you out so you won't be left in the dark when short words are spoken.Are you sure it is gic or is it oic-- the only thing I can think of for gic is-- good I see---oic is --oh I see.
Go to contacts and to contact detail and take out your real name and put a name in the nickname box. That'll show up then.go to Yahoo! mesenger, select my contact. Delete the your full name and enter your ID unter your name........ and click Ok
Because you would be able to see the person. They'd be too fat to fit in that little square.nobody on yahoo is fat or ugly or old. all avatars are young and good looking.Lol  . my friend asked me the same excact questionBecause the avatars boxes only have so much space.  There's no room for chipmunk cheeks or a double chin.  Same reason you won't find plus size doors.  The world is designed for normal people, not fat people.There was one that was slightly larger than average for a male avatar I noticed when I was creating mine. But you bring up a valid point. We discussed this in my advanced social psych class. It has to do with people liking more attractive features and wishing to portray themselves in a more likable fashion online. Thin is attractive and that is why we all have avatars with perfectly healthy bodies. You'll kind of notice the same thing with the age of the avatars. They are all relatively young too.Because the Yahoo avatars all take Metabolife.Like it or not fat is not healthy or desireable. Fat folks know this as well as thin folks. You don't see skinny avatars either because the very definition of this concept 'AVATAR" demands physical perfection.I mean who wants or can even imagine an unhealthy avatar!!Because the Aatars are made up so we live in fantasy worldBecause the world in general strives for perfection in every aspect of our lives. This is supported by never seeing "unhot" guys or Girls, sexualizing ads on the Internet and making "meat Market".. . But maybe I am just over analyzing things.because yahoo only wants pretty people (not that fat people arent pretty). they're just shallowLOL.. That wasn't 1 of the options.. sad to say I am old with silver hair & fat. I would have put it up if that had been there.because this world is suposse to be made of SKINNY people.. . Why do you think they have diet pills... . sucks for us fat people.That is a VERYgood question!.  I have no clue why,but i think it is jacked upNobody wants to be fat, right???? Do you want to be fat????The avatars only depict the face. There's no telling what's below the neck.. . I think it's a humorous question though.I know! A yahoo without fat avatars is like ice-cream without fudge.because they want to have the perfet worldBecause of culture. . lol @ mandy's answerbecause the avatars are on a special diet....it keeps them in shape cuz they go out clubbin and drinkin all the time....since they drink so much...they don't have time to eat......ooop!....my bad....that's my diet.....i don't know what the hell they eat....lolAll the avatars are the same weight.. . wait no its all in the outfit.. . Im sure you can find a fat torso or fat full outfitBecause Yahoo sets it in a way where we are all "equal". And even if we were really fat, we wouldn't use a fat body for our avatar. But then again, I really wouldn't know.. . Honestly, if you see a fat avatar, wouldn't you judge it right away? I guess I would.No one wants to be fat if they don't have to be!!More rights for fat people!. . Cause i love being a fat arrogant prickthe same reason why in movies you never see a sweet charming guy fall in love with an ugly chick.because in the fake world there are no fat peopleCause you get weighed before you can get on Yahoo Answers. They also measure your body fat content through your fingers on the keyboard.I don't know. You never see them exercising!!! LOLGood question. I was asking that myself.that's a good question and how come none of them sit down or actually hold a purse instead of it sitting on the ground???Well, in general you can only see the head, so it would kind of be pointless.  That and yahoo would have to widen the screen.. . The Dragon smacked him.
This may sound funny, but mowing laws on a riding mower can help you.  Maybe get out on a bike more, and do some driving games on your computer.practice precision driving in an empty parking lotI think you should take some sort of drivers education or learn from your parrents.Drive, drive, drive. If your family's going on a road trip, ask to drive (when I was learning, my parents NEVER let me drive anywhere, so this didn't work in my case). If you're going somewhere, take the long, scenic route. Drive on all kinds of roads, rural, suburban, city, highway, interstate, etc. Don't get distracted by the hot guy (or girl) in the Ferrari next to you. Don't get sidetracked by the beautiful scenery to your right or your left. Don't drool as you pass a Cold Stone. Keep your eyes in front with frequent (but not constant) checks into your mirrors. HAVE FUN!!! Don't think of driving as a chore, but as an activity. It's actually quite enjoyable. Oh, and don't get road rage. Traffic may seem like it sucks sometimes, especially when you're late, but just think of it instead as a moment to relax and listen to some good tunes or a book on tape.Ride a motorcycle for a while.  It will definately make you more more aware of the other drivers around you and the general flow of traffic, obstacles, etc.try blindfolded driving, it can really sharpen up the other senses. get plenty of insurance first.Well the old saying "Practice Makes Perfect" applies here. You may also want to take some driving lessons if you feel that your driving is not up to snuff.Have u tried going to the park with an experienced driver and drive around for about 4 hours over and over again and parking for about 2 hours.
You need the actual EON ticket, its a pokemon card, and a Eon ticket from the game.yes i got it a long time ago i don't no where it is now I still have it though. WHY? I got it at Toys R Us
on some yahoo games you can.pop-up blocker? or maybe you just can't veiw some of them.It is personal, I played chess in yahoo
provisional means beginer, non-provision depends on the situation. If you are talking about yahoo pool it takes 20 games.As I start to respond to your question, I begin to wonder if I'm over simplifying, if there's something esoteric here that I'm unaware of.  Oh well.  Provisional refers to an agreement that will only be completed if some provision(s), condition(s), are met.  For example, if you work for a living, recieving your pay check is provisional.  You have to show up and do your job (the provision) to be paid.  Now, I'm really not sure what you mean by non-provisional, especially when you ask if you become non-provisional.  First of all, I've never heard the word.  Second, I've never heard of a person being provisional, much less non-provisional.  Agreements, promisses and so forth are provisional, but not people.  Anyway, I'm gonna guess that you're talking about something being without provisions.  In that case, the word is not non-provisional, it's unconditional, meaning that there are no provisions, or conditions to met for something or other to take place.  It's often used to describe a parents love, meaning that there is nothing a child must do to be loved, no anything they can do to destroy that love.  I personally think that's a crock.  Go ask a battered parent, whoes kid drops by occasionally for the express purpose of beating the $#!+ out of them, just how much love they still have the bastard.  Sorry, I'm getting off on a tangent.  Hope the above answers your question.
Fire track seems more intense than the other Ice track. But both are great and both should be ridden to get the full effect of the ride.i prefered fire because it has a better track but both are really fun but i vote hulk is the best!Fire because of one little spot that completely surprises you where you get a little hang time.I liked the ice coaster better but probably because I was sitting in the front row (second row for the fire coaster).Fire it's faster & I think that all the flips/rolls etc are smoother than on Ice.Fire coaster......I like the loops better. Also setting front row(even though I waited a life time) was definetly awesome!I loved both, but maybe the ice a little more b/c I had a better seat.  :) That whole park is awesome!Personally, Ice is my favourite....   but I agree that it is just a personal preference, therefore, you must ride both to see the differences for yourself.  But....  I'm still a bigger fan of The Hulk... LOVE that launch!
because they heard it from othersIn the ancient times, there is this guy called huangdi(??), who was the head of the tribe(there were only tribes in China at that time. It is the Xia Dynasty). He fought a lot of wars and invented the game called Weiqi, or go. He used that game as a simulation of the battlefield and imporatnt concepts like surrounding can be learnt from the game.By the way, 150 years is -far- from ancient! The game much older in any case: "Go, also known as Weiqi in Mandarin Chinese (Traditional Chinese: ??; Simplified Chinese: ??), and Baduk in Korean (Hangul:??), is a strategic, deterministic two-player board game originating in ancient China, before 200 BC." See link below for more text.
Strip poker is exactly like regular poker exept you wager stripping your clothes.just listen to tphial, she's right.It's just like regular poker, but instead of chips, you bet pieces of the clothing that you're wearing. If you lose, you take those pieces of clothes off.Take your clothes off and I'll tell youWell the steps are the same as a classic Poker Game but the chill is that instead of bet money people who loses must take off a piece of clothit's easy, just like regular poker, but in this game when you lose you have to take a piece of your clothing off.first and for most are u 18 or older if not then don't get cought !!!!!
if its inflatable submerse it in water, with some air in it, look for the bubbles. if not inflatable, put it in a kiddie pool with colored water and look thenIts hidden with a towel. i dont no. srry. i just like answering these things. :)
all auctions are addictive... . it's the competitiveness of bidding against another, the thrill of getting a valuable item for less and the possibility of being outbid at the last moment. . humans are all gamblers, big or smallebay is great for both the buyer & seller. I do both on ebay & unfortunately there are no programmes for me to up my bids & some things i sell on ebay are cheaper than what i paid for originally but thats the chance you take.i have also bought some good things on ebay for a cheap price to.I can sit on their site for hours.. happy ebaying everybodythey just like itBecasue of lazy peoplecause it is an easy way to get whatever you desire without leaving homeI hate ebay.  I think it's just a big sham.  Everytime I bid on something I'm immediatly outbidded.  I know it has to be some type of program by the seller that is automatically outbidding me and I don't think it's fair.Is eBay addictive???. . Wowww, for me is boring, may be cuz I dont have to much money in my credit card to buy things hehehe
The safest way is to get some industrial-grade heavy duty polymer (plastic) sheeting and cut it to the length you desire. (The last one that I did was about 50 ft. long and went down a hill.)  Then, ideally you would have a couple of garden hoses running on it, so that you can keep the thing slippery enough.  Most importantly, don't try to coat it with oil or soap-VERY dangerous-you go way too fast.  Have fun and be careful!1) buy one. 2) make one (trashbags/tarp & water hose)find a slippery tarp, none bumpy area, and a hose. Maybe pin down sides of the tarp it'll wont move. soap will help make it slippery. or, even a sprinkler that constantly sprays water at the tarpput saranwrap or the grass  and put water all over it and have a blast.. . Or...... buy one their cheap.You could go buy one, or you can get a long plastic tarp and set up a hose to spray on it.take that heavy plastic that you would use for covering your floors when painting, this works well, and my nephews and I have had some fun. Put the hose at the top of plastic near the side so you don't run into it. Place on a slight hill it's even better. Have fun.we have done slip and slides a couple of times at my gymnastics place....once (of course i missed out on this), they used some vegetable oil...besides smelling like you should be put in the oven, i heard it gets really really slippery!Visqueen (sp?) - 5 gallons of cooking oil. Pour oil on Visqueen and slide to your hearts contenttrash bags in rolls - not pulled apart. Lay them out on the grass and put the water hose on one end. It is better on a slight hill so that the water runs down it. You can add a little soap, but it makes it REALLY slippery!tarp, water, dish soap :)Get a slide. Pour water down it. Slide down the slide. Repeat.
You can't. the indian cricket board picks a team of proven acheivers out of the whole country. Probably out of millions of cricketers You most certainly start at club cricket in indiaif i becom the crikater i will work hard and struggle for win
answer - you knew he had no license- you did not tell police !!- POLICE GOT NO CRYSTAL BALL- DOH ???I dont know. Not enough detail in question.b'coz the driver is seating behind the wheel of a car which is being towed !!
You put your index and second finger on the board and push your second finger down when you do this, you need to slide your second finger up the board. Its the same principle as actually doing it on a skateboardthe same way you ollie a skateboard, you put your index finger on the back, your middle finger in the middle, and when you push you index finger down, press you middle finger down as you slide it up the board.
In addition to what Joe said, the router will most likely come with some software that you will have to install on your pc.  I have a D-Link router and have had no problems with it.  My 360 worked right away when I hooked it up.After you get a router just plug the xbox 360 ethernet cable into the router just like you would a second computer, if you have any problems the xbox 360 has a network test you can run.
They were being putangs and pwning noobs for fun.The two main reasons that they pulled it was that is was riddled with cheaters and it wasn't a very active playlist either. We still have the ability to play clan matches, they just have to be arranged in custom game format. They discussed this in the passed couple of Whats up Weekly Updates.uhhhh...cause he wanted to, duh!its becuz in clan matches.....say if it was a 6 on 6 or something while 1 person can just hide in a place and leave his controller on and go somewhere while the rest of the teamates can go kill....while the person team that left and won the match he gets the points for doing nuthing...
what game are you talking about?. |If your talking about medal of honor euoropean assault ten throw like 10 gernades at it and it will blow up.(warning may get nothing out of it cuz tank might kill party members)
The UPC code are the group of lines bunched together on the box that the person at the cash registar scan to charge you for the product.  The code has nothing to do with anything else.whay do you need to know
Aside from "tear", it is also an acronym for "rest in peace".  It was coined as a blessing for the dead, and often carved on their tombstones.And i must add...as far as warez goes, its a basic copy of a cd/dvd, mainly without video/voice/music files. brought down to basics to conserve disc space.In my family "rip" means "to pass gas".. "Honey, move over -- I'm gunna let one rip". :o)Aside from "tear" and "rest in peace" it can also mean to burn a cd, as in "im going to rip a cd for my friend."If you're referring to CD's, it means to copy a song from a CD onto your computer.to tear or split apart or openRip means tear but if you want the meaning for R.I.P well that is rest in peace.In popular culture it is most frequently used for Rest In Peace.  There are however many alternate uses.  See the link below.. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RIP. . http://www.myspace.com
It's very popular because it's like playing out a story in your game. The games don't tend to be challenging, but instead offer very immersive worlds with highly developed plots and characters, stunning graphics, and tons of secrets and hidden sidequests that expand on the appeal of an already solid main storyline. You love the good guys and hate and fear the bad guys. The gameplay is innovative, and because each new game brings a new world with new characters, you don't get tired of the same things over and over again.Because the games are awesome.  They have great stories, and graphics.its popular because there are a lot of cute guys in there and the game format is good.Because their characters are catchy and the gameplay rocksI have no idea, if you ask me it sucks monkey ballsIt's a classic, it's been around since 1989, and each title has been very successful. except for some >_> But it's just alot better than the other RPG's out there.
put it into yer pc cabinet. then shake it 7 times.or...xbox connect (web site/ software) which is different than xbox live..its free..you need pc/hub/cable. it works great.You have to buy Xbox Live and then subscribe to it. Its something like $5 a month or less.hook up the xbox to the internet box
No. That is such a redundant question which would defeat the purpose of being an 'admin'.. . Stop crying, go play on a different server.You can't. Ask an admin. If it is an Admin, and you attempt to hack...they will know and your Steam Account will be banned.. . Why so angry chum?are you playing online,cause if you are and someone thinks you cheating then they can ban you.Ban their @ss with a headshot.you know I really could not give u answer for something so crazy like that
I would think that wearing coconuts on Wednesday might be jumping the gun so to speak.  I would go for a Friday, that way the weekend has started and there is no reason to remove them until Late Sunday night.  But that's just me.why not if the luau they're going to is on Wednesday?. . if they're still wearing it on Thursday (especially at work) then you might want to start questioningWell, Tuesday is really too early in the week for coconuts, and only losers wear them on Thursday.I don't know but it sounds like fun!'Coz she dinnae toss her bras  in the laundry ?
More than likely its a memory issueIt depends on the games system requirments.your laptop has virusChances are the video card on your laptop does not meet minimum requirements.. . If all minimum requirements are met you should be able to.because the game splinter cell screws up computers.  i have a 5.6 Ghz processor, 256 MB graphics card, and 2 gig of ram, and it is really "twitchy"  on my computer (this is Pandora Tomorrow)
Because they want the play land to match the real world. I think everyone named Barbie has to buy her friends. It's just to make it fit.HAHAHAHA! cuz shes a fake!!see recent posts - this exact question was posted and answered last weekhmmm, dats a gud question, mayb cus without her "friends" she luks like a loner?Are you saying that u like barbies?Because Barbie is a conspiracy to make money, and turn little girls into spoiled, money-spending, brats.she is so materialistic if her friends were free she wouldn't like themShe loves her pals.LOLcos people make people popular that's why you need her friends so she'll by sourounded by other barbies that will make her feel and look popular, without them she is nothingbecause no one is popular on their own
From what I have heard it will be released on both consoles (Gamecube and Wii), just like MS did with say King Kong.  My guess is the Wii version won't do much more than look better.I dunno, but they have pushed back the release date so many times, it wouldn't surprise me if it was next year before it's available.
i feel exactly the same way!!! NOTHING is there, its like the forgotten state. go ahead. im sure nobody will even notice.Without it, South Dakota wouldn't make much sense.why?I found it exciting to come from Canada, make a mistake and end up on the wrong road.  So we went back into Canada so we could come through North Dakota.  That way I could say I have been in the 48 contiguous states.  So we have to keep it around for people like me.Hey!  You want all the Canadians flooding across the border, that would no longer exist?  We got enough trouble with that on a southern border.. . They are what keeps the glaciers out!. . Where will they put all the California people when they have their big earthquake and fall off into the Pacific?  Do you have any idea how many people live there?  You want them living in your neighborhood?  They are already taking over Washington and Oregon.. . Where would the U.S. Government store all their nuclear waste?. . We could never have a sequel to the movie Fargo!   (Ah, well, I might want to nix that one). . What would happen to SOUTH Dakota?  Would they have to rename it?. . What about Minnesota and Montana, want them to be lopsided and slip into the resulting crater?. . If they slip together, would they be known as the state of m&ms?. . Texas would take advantage and shove all the other states up so they could have Oklahoma's oil wells.  You want that?. . That's all I can think of on short notice.. . Oh, side note:  The Feds will be really pissed.the best thing in ND is the road to SD
Playing with my cute hamsters.. . Hope that counts haha.Anything that keeps me from taking out my agression on people. :-D No, really, I play video games, go hiking in the woods, swim as much as possible during the summer, go horseback riding, and exercise until I'm ready to drop dead.candle, soaping, and lotion making.playing cricket, computer games, online games, reading novels, listening to music, i like mohd.rafi songs, hindi action movies, and travelling.Scrapbooking!. It is so much fun! Check out some of these sites maybe you'd enjoy it to?....  www.simplescrapbooksmag.com.  www.creatingkeepsakes.com .  www.paperkuts.com .  www.scrapbooking.com .  www.creatingkeepsakes.com.  www.scrapbookanswers.com .  www.princesscrafts.comX-box, cumputer games, internet, Tackle football, Basketball, Movies.Anything that takes my attention away from my school work.I like to do cross stitch, take photo's of any  thing, read, . do puzzles (hard ones) Watch TV, Playing with my dogs,. listening to all sorts of music, & go to moviesmy hobby is seek new friends and wouldyou like to be my friend and if yes mail me in seasetsea@yahoo.com...........i like to play my giutar when i have free time so i can be really good at special eventsscrapbookingPlaying computer games(Action Games), surfing the internet, doing some silly things, reading comics, reading newspaper, singing, drawing(portrait), cycling, playing badminton, playing chess, making friends, swimming and watchig cartoons.I knit, and I am teaching myself to crochet.collecting stamps. . surfing and chatting on the net. . watching movies. . listening to music. . collecting airline collectibles - boarding cards, baggage tags, tickets etc.i collect models of mini coopersI like to smash burned out lightbulbs on the sidewalk and hear them pop.2 play on computersVideo Games.. :)I make quilts, machine stitched but hand quilted.
The Left Behind Series because each book leaves you waiting for the next.  They also get you to thinking about life and have had such an impact on getting to the unbeliever's who don't want to be left behind.  A good read or reread anytime. Also lots of things in the books are good discussion items.i think the best book that i have read has to be "The Burn Journals" its about a pre teen that has tried to commit suicide before, and almost killed himself, by setting himself on fire, in his bathroom, but he freaked after lighting the match, and the books, shows what he went through on his way to getting better, it allows people to question themselves.There are so many good books. If you like classics, you'll probably like Pride and Prejudice (Jane Austen), Great Expectations (Charles Dickens), or Frankenstein. My favorite author is Dean Koontz. I also love John Saul. If you like mystery, a little supernatural, suspense, and things like that, you'll love them. They keep you on the edge of your seat and you can't put the book down.Well, the Bible obviously, esp. the book of Romans.. . Besides that I love Christy by Marshall which is a fictional account of a young woman who left her pampered life to be an Appalacian missionary teacher. (You gotta check out the tv video series starring Kellie Martin!) It has humor, romance, and mystery.I adore the descriptions of the natural beauty.. . My second favorite would have to be The Lord of the Rings Trilogy by Tolkien. It has plenty of humor and delightful characters as well as plenty of action. . . I also adore most children's books, I find them a lot more uplifting than books for adults.Lonesome Dove. Very good character development, believable plot and awesome writingcatch 22, because everybody in the book is crazy and it's the most hilarious piece of dark humour i have ever read.The Bible. Because it guides me and leads me and encourages me. It is the truth. ( i know you'll probably laugh)some mystery novel...because money keep falling out of the book....Lord of the Flies. Because is supposrt my philosophy that if you put a bunch of boys on an island unsupervised, then hell will break lose.the color purple. it made me cry, and laugh out loud many times through the book. i also took it everywhere with me, not wanting to put it down. i finished it in a week, i was 14 and its still my favorite book.the color purple! because it was really good and i read it before the movie came out and the book was alot better.the people in the attick. it was like watching a movie it even got me scaredI like to read scientific book because it gives me knownledge.
Make a scrapbook.  I don't know how old you are, but surely you can find someone to make one for for a gift that I'm sure would absolutely love it.www.boombang.tvNothing but watch t.v. play videogames, or right a blog online.run around with only your t-shirt and panties while listening to music on the radio and put it on blast.www.crapazoid.com or disloyal.com for funny videos.wow tough one find a hobby online like a RPG game thats online i recommend www.runescape.com
Go to the foothills above Soquel (next to Santa Cruz). By day you can see the ocean (if no fog), at night you can see fireworks all around the county. High enough up you cannot hear most of them, which is actually kind of cool.Go to put in bay, that's where we are going.  Helluva party, and tons of people!
hallo,. just be careful about you system and care if it has wing or not, cross bye your wings and then bye arrows try to clarify your direction. press D for once and for less than 1 second. you'll make score.why don't u go to the controls section and modify the head shot key
I believe this is Paper Mario, Thousand Year Door, I haven't played for a while, but i think you need the final level of jump boots, do a spring jump, get onto the railing above, and shimy on over to the roof. I haven't played for a while, i'll try to update if i can.if u want gimme the 10 points ...go ahead...im da only 1 who answerd anyhow.. . i dunno wat zess t's house is....maybe if u explained more
because the ps2 and x-box are better systems. ps2 can play cds and dvds, and x-box can copy cds and you can buy something to make it read dvds. but you cant do any of this with gamecube, so nintendo is trying to compensate by putting a low price on it.your wrong gamecube graphics are much better this is why they dont support games like grand theft auto that particular series is to big and would slow down the gamecube console. the reason it is cheaper is because many people quite frankly like ps2 and x box games better and they think gamecubes are for pussys so the companys charge less for gamecubes in a attempt to get more sales (and dylan the guy that said it sucks can kiss my ass i have one u S.O.B)because its graphics are not as good as ps2 or xboxGamecube caters to more of a younger generation. With the exception of Resident Evil, most of the games on the Gamecube are childish (Mario Party, Super Monkey Ball etc..). I agree with you that the graphics are just as good, but its game lineup lacks what the PS2 and Xbox delivers to the older and more prominent generation of gamers. In light of these facts, Nintendo needs to lower the prices on the system in hopes to sell more of them and compete with sony and microsoft.No the graphics in the PS2 and X-Box are way better than the Game Cube.  It is also cheaper because it doesn't get a lot of the games that the other consoles get.  Like the first dude that answered this question said.  It kind of sucks.  I guess it's affordable.No, you are totally right.  On paper, the Xbox beats the Gamecube and PS2 in processing power, but the Gamecube beats the PS2.  And it is just behind Xbox in graphics.  It's just because no one thought the Gamecube would be good, so there's no third party support.  Now Nintendo has to hike the price way down just to sell a few, if any.. . all y'all are wrong about the graphics...here's the link.because it suxgraphics arnt exacly the same:1.x.box2.ps2.3.gc. ps2 & xbox are more expensivw cuz the games that they have are more better . especially ps2 it got lot of perfect games that none of the consoles & pc have itThe Nintendo has a smaller dik
diner dash must be a game....... . a cheat code will give you an unfair advantage over the game...... . unlimited life, faster speeds, maybe all the keys?...stuff like that.. . it's cheating.....no matter how you slice it.no, a cheat code is pretty much someone asking for the code to unlock the game so you dont have to just play the demo version.. . so a cheat code is getting the game without buying it. which is super simple :)
I think I answered this someone already.. but I'll do it again.. Photoshop! Its expensive, but it works better than any other program for editing stuff like that.buy copier then buy the game then copy it
Start > Control Panel > Add or Remove Programs. Then go down the list until you find the program and click "Uninstall"If Hannah's suggestion does not work, get ccleaner and read the help notes before you use it as it is a very powerfull programme.. . http://www.ccleaner.com. . This will remove anything basicallyIf you have Windows:. 1.Click start then control panel. 2.Click add or remove programs. 3.Find the file on the list . 4.Click change/remove or remove whatever it says.. 5.After that I think you will what to do.
vellum is a heavy paper, tracing paper is very light and i would think useless as it is transparent. cheersvellum is animal skin, it is see through, but heavy, tracing paper is thin & it is made form plant pulp. tracing paper would not hold up as well as vellum...over time the racing paper will rip, where the vellum will remain sturdyVellum is much heavier than tracing paper.  Tracing paper may very well have a good use in scrapbooking...I bet someone could come up with some new technique using it.. or maybe there is one, but in general I would use vellum for scrapbooking.I'm not completely sure what the difference is between vellum sold for scrapbooking and the tracing paper sold in the office supply store.  Both are translucent papers, although I believe the manufacturing process and ingredients are different.  If you're doing scrapbooking, the important thing to figure out is if the paper is acid-free and lignin-free.  My guess is that the regular tracing paper from the office supply store is not acid- or lignin-free.  Over time, papers with lignins and/or acids will break down, and acids may transfer to your photos and ruin them.  For that reason, it is generally recommended that you only use acid- and lignin-free papers in scrapbooks.  Papers that are safe for scrapbooking are generally marked as being acid- or lignin-free or may be described as "archival quality."
Turn off their ability to think for themselves.  Sell the all the appliances back as well as the toilet and shower.  Put in on fast forward and they will not survive long!what i do is make them use the microwave, but i always make sure they dont have a smoke detector.make sure u put the free will off also. Or build a box, put them in and remove the door then . fast forward!!!Make a room, let them go inside, then delete the door. Put something there that can cause a fire, and wait for them to burn.. You can also just let their hunger go completely red.press start and go to build and all u do is just make a very small and cramped area around your Sim to box them in,after days and days inside ,they will die of hunger ,this takes time cause your Sim will start craving food and fainting on the floor,peeing on itself and such , until it cant stand it anymore they will suddenly clench their stomachs with their hands an Neel over falling dead to the ground.  ......lolbuild a wall around them.Make your sims do things on fast forward for a while, with no sustenance. Fast forward makes it easier on YOU! Then, stick 'em in a pool and drown their pixelly hydes. Or, you could set the house on fire. Unfortunately, this will get you an urn, not a head stone.build a room where you want your cemetary... just walls and a couple of things to do... bring them in... remove the door, remove necessities such as any food or bathroom you put in... completely empty room, no floor, no roof, just walls... they will die soon enough...put them in a room, then remove the door, and wait for hunger to se it.I remember having a Sim who died of electrocution. He was without sleep for a couple of days, and then I made  him repair a light in his home. He got frustrated and somehow, the light sparked and electrocuted him. He got a nice headstone for that tho.Have your Sim buy and use the "Runs With Scissors Playset" (which is a free download made by Maxis on the official Sims2 website).  It's usually a quick death.I always wondered this myself. The one time I actually tried to play the game without cheats, my Sim left because she said the living conditions really sucked or something.. . Maybe you should try to make them cook something with a cheap oven or grill when they don't have any cooking skills. Or box them in walls.
Spares are worth 10 plus the pins from the next ball. . Strikes are worth 10 plus the pins from the next 2 balls.a strike is scored as 10 plus the amount of pins u knock down on your next 2 balls thrown. a spair is scored 10 plus the amount of pins knocked down on your next 1 ball throwna strike is knocking over all 10 pins on the first shot of a frame. a space is knocking over all 10 pins with two shots in a frame. . the pin total from the next 2 shots are added to a strike. the pin total from the next shot is added to a spare
$1.. . It's just a special coin worth only a dollar.. . KasI wouldn't pay more than about $10 for one of those (if I was looking for one to begin with), because I don't like the way they look.  I doubt they retail for more than about $20.  I really doubt coin dealers would mess with them much either.$1Hi. I am a coin dealer in the Midwest. This coin is just a novelty coin...technically just a $1 coin with a paint job. A lot of telemarketers and TV sellers were pushing these at stupid high numbers of $20-$30, and they just plain aren't worth that much. If you have one, I'd just keep it or give it to a kid to get him/her interested in coin collecting.. . Hope this helped.
umm your question is kinda vague, but if you have like windows media player, go under tools, then options, then rip music, then under rip settings, go under format and choose mp3. Now whenever you rip a CD they'll be mp3s.By using stream box ripper which you can find here, http://www.geocities.com/hidden_diaries/sbr.zip. After you've downloaded it, unzip it and the Stream Box Ripper program should come up. Click batch. Select the folder the CD files are located and the folder you want the MP3 files to go to. For input filter, select CD Digital Audio and for output filter select MP3. You can change the quality as you like. Hope this helps.Quite a few programs will "rip" a CD to MP3 files, including Windows Media Player, which is probably on your PC if you're running Windows.If you have XP then get the windowas media player vs.10. That thingy will put your cd tracks into mp3 and other formats like wma which works fine on most mp3 players too.you have to change the song formatA good freeware (maybe shareware, I dunno) program that I use is called CDEX.  Google it, or maybe try download.com.  Follow the steps in the help file (pretty easy) and you'll have some fresh MP3s for your listening and/or burning pleasure.. . Enjoy!
You have to keep fighting the weapon master story mode. You will encounter him as a character in subchapter 2. with a name in the story battle. Once you fight him you can use him, but only in two player modes, and training modesin subchapter 2 u go in a  dungeon or something u keep on fighting  him until you fight the boss u have to beat the boss and u get him
it is really hard, i had to try it like 5 times before I got it! Make sure you seat the cell phone people away from the other people so they don't get mad!yo dont its a set up
yahoo will send you a violation notice and tell you not to. But arent points a motivating factor for participating in this? Yeah. I know....you keep getting more points
Sorry i didn't find any cheat for that. But you can get much help from the link below:. http://www.gamespot.com/pc/action/halflife2/hints.html. . For XBox:. http://www.gamespot.com/xbox/action/halflife2/hints.html?mode=cheatsGET UR FULL LIFE AND U WILL GETR UNLIMITED AMMOActually, there aren't any cheats for infinite ammo, but there are many codes that will give your weapons maximum ammunition.  Check the source for that.
psd is a photoshop document. Open it in Photoshop and save as jpegIn photoshop click save as and change the format, if you dont have photoshop then i guess your screwdPhotoshop should do it. Just flatten the layers, make sure that the colour mode is set to RGB and save as a jpeg.. . Or some image browser applications can convert psd's to jpeg's. Try ACDSee or XNView.What program are you using? . Psd is Photoshops native file format, but you don't need photoshop to open or work with the file, The Gimp has a plug in that will allow it.You need to try the 'save as' option and pick .jpg as the file format. Or try the 'save for web' option.. If that still doesnt work then you are working with a protected file. If you don't own copywrite on the image than forget it. If you do, then you  protected it, which method did you use? We need more info to help.Open then save as.. choose options select JPG
undulate your hips front to backits all in the hips its all in the hips its all in the hips lol yea its all in the hipscreate a circle with your hips -- keep it even -- keep sending that hoop around your waist -- start big until you feel the rotational force whip the hoop around to start another circle.  Like all those physical things you have to do it over and over like a 5 year old then you'll get it. . Cheers.You have to get a constant rythm going to keep it up.just gotta shake them hips the right way loljust spin your waste
I tell you how to superbounce in H2  just tell me your Xtag/e-mail. my e-mail is tinakhal@yahoo.comthere r different ways to superbounce in every lvl, thing is idk if there is one for sure in every one.  i cant remember how u do it exactly, but in one lvl u have to jump in the center after goin around certain places, then it will launch u to the top of the lvl.duble tap the jump batton
because English is a dumb language. we didn't think when we made it.Ya, what theswarm666x said, we should just make a new one, or better yet, why not just switch to Spanish.
final fantasy:advent children if you play rpg games(one of the best game stories powerful graphic & fun). metal gear acid! 2(snake in a new mission its good till mgs4 comes)That depends on what genre you prefer. I don't own a PSP but after a first glance over some PSP games lists I can pretty much say that Ridge Racer or Metal Gear Acid would be a nice choice. My reference in this matter is only my experience with the PSX and/or PS2 series of these games, since I don't own a PSP, but I'm sure that the PSP versions are just as good.. . Edit 1: Just saw it, throw Prince of Persia: Revelations in with those two above. I played PoP on every console it was released on and it hasn't disappointed me yet. Check these 3 out first though, to make up your mind, if you only want one game.. . Edit 2: Metal Gear Solid: Digital Graphic Novel (this one looks nice too, again with the MGS series :) )i might get 10 points? naw. i'll take 2 though. oh and psp sucks. go get a ds.smackdown vs raw.mario,grand trismo, practicly sports are always fun to play
To be eligible you have to have the actual map from the dealer.  If you get into the semifinals you need the orginal copy to give to Volvo.  It's listed in the rules on the hunt website.  Ask a friend to pick you up a map and mail it to you?i would give you my code but it is dealer specific and i live in the uk.
You need to use the phone and call for "transportation".theres a taxi call phone located outside it in the corner of the sidewalkThere's a box next to the curb. You go up to that and it gives you an option.i dont know but have a nice day!Read the manual? Or find a walkthrough of Sims 2 (I haven't played it).go on the phone................u  stupid assgo to the phone and click services
i don't think it is babbyish specilly if u get on da rockketship and da hunted house. but let me tell u something dont hug mickey mouse!I think that Disneyland is not to babyish for any individual. There is Space Mountain, Pirates of the Carribean, Matterhorn, Star Tours, and various other rides that are designed for the whole family and adults.  My husband and I went to Disney World, Magic Kingdom (which is the same as Disneyland), and we had a blast. We also went to Disneyland this past January.  I feel that Disney provides a good experience for any age group.It's overpriced and not much fun. I like Universal Studios more.NO!  That is the beauty of it - appreciate all the fun details that Disney offers - it is more about it being a classic with an incredible atmosphere like no place else!Disneyland is a lot of fun. Only if you don't like roller coasters.  They make all their rides suitable for kids like 2.im 15 and im too big i cant even fit in none of the rides because im about 6 feet tallI will always love Disneyland.  I like looking around at the kids and knowing who's there for the 1st time and seeing the awe on their face.i just went there in Dec. So i cant say it is too babyish for me. but some parts are i guessGot to remeber something, Disney has rides for different age groups, Babyish, yes, but it also has rides for other age groups too! Ever been to Space Mouantain? That's not exactly a childs play ride.I believe disneyland is geared  towards 5 yr olds.i luv disneyland and not all rides are babyish i mean that one u got on wasim 13 and i still love it but its a woderfull time if you have younger ciblings to injoy it with.no..2 popintsYes it is for me, because my daughter keeps pulling me to the costumed characters, to stand in line, get their autographs. I've been doing this for 2 years, gosh, how boring!!! Then she wants to go see Ariel, Pocahontas, Snow White and such... And me and my husband are there only to show her the way. Maybe, I've gone there too many times... . . Now, all Disney parks are family oriented (read - kids oriented, not mom and dads), so if you want adult entertainment, find other places.You have too much pride. Get rid of some.Of course not.  Most people do not know this, but Walt Disney actually created Disneyland for adults!  He wanted a place where both children and adults could learn and have fun together.  Disney believed in being a child at heart.  Children search, discover, and are not embarrased to admit they have learned.  Disneyland was created as place of education, hope, and love to all people.  Embracing the child within is healthy and is something that should be explored by every individual, everyday.  I'm not naive enough to think that elements in Walt Disney's original plan for Disneyland have not been changed for business purposes, and there is the slowly spreading belief that Disney is for children, when Walt Disney firmly believed that any business geared directly toward children would not be successful.  So, no Disneyland is for everyone.  It's for discovering that sometimes fantasy is more real than reality.  . . One time a man was at Disneyland and sat on a bench next to another, older man who, at the time, was difficult to recognize.  The younger man mentioned how Disneyland kept you from reality, and the older man promptely answered that this park was reality, and it was everything outside of it, that was fantasy.  That older man was Walt Disney.. . So go enjoy Disneyland.  Learn the beautiful history behind It's a Small World, so you may enjoy it.  Understand it's appearance at the World's Fair.  Know what a step that World's Fair was in technology and the understanding of other cultures.  Learn and explore.  It's a small world after all, with a lot to learn in it.  And sing...  sing it's a small world.I wouoldnt say it would be for me im a big kid at heart
like this. . . _______________________________. ___1722545325981_______________. _2125445335332588______________. 741353322222221388_____________. 4523322222222211246_____________. 03233222222222221111222223499____. 6412222222222222233555555532508___. 29122222222222222222333332332188__. _83122222222222222222222222217288_. _6911222222222222222222222221__485. __831122222222222222222222227__388. __58212222222222222222222211___088. ___80172222222222222222227____888_. ____867222222222222221______0888__. ____18512222222211_______488886___. _____887777__________68888887___. ______88________508888888______. _______85488888888885_________ . _____________________________In MS word, go to "insert" tab, click on "symbol", highlight the heart symbol, then click "shortcut key...". There will be a box that  says, "press new shortcut key"; I use the control and period key to act as a shortcut, but you can use whatever. Now, everytime I press "control" and "." on my keyboard, a heart appears in my text.heart or <3, but i don't like that heart.<3<3 like so!Do this:  <3  or if you want html code: ?     --that's "&" followed by "hearts;"  without any spaces in between.
reaction commands work really well.you need to have your best keblade attached and just keep hitting his stomach and he will pass out.use the reaction command thenwell you should lock on to something you can attack once you do the reaction command should show up, use that to defeat jafar.  he is probably one of the easiest bosses in the gamek dude first go up to him don't use any magic but heal when he flexies besat down his hands then kill his face use the reactions when he brings u to different dimensions then eventully you'll kill him that one was so kool though going really high in  the air i love that gameHis Stomach is the Key Keep attacking his ABS then move up to his head and you should recieve a quick command to press X and continue that way . As for the building part if it in the correct spot you can counter some of the attacks, otherwise if you are not the skilled just dodge them and fly towards Jafar, This way the abuse does not last that long.. Good luck, You might also need help on Ansem Lata on!Use the reaction commands then go in for a combo attack.If you cant do that then attack his stomach .I had a little trouble to at first but the thing to do is that you're alonne in this fight so you have the carpet and the ability to fly.  Doge the buildings he throws at you and head towards his abs.  Smack them, and he'll be stunned then use the reaction command to spin him with his tail.  Use physical attacks on him and after losing enough energy he'll use an attack of electricity that will stun you.  It doesn't last too long but it makes you unable to move, leaving Jafar able to attack you.  Just keep in mind:. . -dodge buildings. -Defeat abs. -strike head and arms with physcial attacks. -reaction command. -repeat until defeated
once you play 20 games, then your rating will be normalI think it goes away after 10 to 15 games played.You , like others have too much time on your hands. That question would be asked by a reasonably intelligent person and, would be answered, in the chat area of each game room.. . 20 games and your rating appears on the screen.Play 20 games
Sudoku also known as Number Place, is a logic-based placement puzzle. The aim of the puzzle is to enter a numerical digit from 1 through 9 in each cell of a 9ª9 grid made up of 3ª3 subgrids (called "regions"), starting with various digits given in some cells (the "givens"); each row, column, and region must contain only one instance of each numeral. Completing the puzzle requires patience and logical ability.ALL I KNOW IS THAT ITS A MIND PUZZLEWhat does the word Sudoku mean? It actually stands for the Japanese phrase suuji wa dokushin ni kagiru. In English, it means the digit remains single. A Sudoku puzzle is composed of a 9 X 9 grid. Within a bigger grid is a smaller 3 X 3 grid. Some of the squares have the numbers 1 to 9i in it while some are blank. The object of the game is to fill up all of the squares with numbers from 1 to 9.The Soduku puzzle is a Japanese logic game which entered the western world in the last few months and is gaining popularity very fast. The Soduku puzzle can be anything from ridiculously easy to fiendishly difficult. It's a puzzle which comprises only of numbers. digits 1 to 9 actually. no need for math knowledge, you solve the Soduku puzzle with reasoning and logic. Fill in the grid so that every row, every column, and every 3x3 box contains the digits 1 through 9. You can try it at www.soduku.org
The Sims 2 has more included objects than SimsI think sims 2 is the countinuing of sims 1.What isn't the difference between the Sims & The Sims II! The graphics are better, there's more that u can download (skins, furniture, you can even download lingerie!) There's more options that u have to choose from, there's better interaction between sims (that includes "Woo-Hoo"), & its like they're real humans you're controlling! You can watch have babies (They don't just pop outta the air!), they can call their friends over to go places, & they can even call in sick for work! How great is that?!+ Better Graphics. + More Camera Angles. + Aging. + New Items. + Family History. + Genetics (Family members will inherit genetic stuff from their parents)The graphics and that they have more objects and clothes ect. and  u can record stuff better too. and angels and camrea movementThere's tons more in the Sims 2. First, the graphics are much improved allowing full rotation of the camera, your Sim now ages, genetics allows children to look like their parents, way more physical actions and reactions make playing more enjoyable and tons more.
If you mean  Star Wars Battlefront 2, it's cause you haven't gotten enought medals to become the next rank.. . Be patient my young padwan, lol. . Usless you mean battlefield 2, in which case, I have no idea.i have your answer!! you are one!!Because that your rank in the game. If you play on line and play a lot on line you will accumulate different ranks through your playing. Its like you kill a certain number of people or capture a certain number of points and you get the next rank. Its the game company trying its hardest to make this game closest to a real life play ground.
After you get to The World that Never Was and fight Xemnas for the First Time, you see a cut scene of Sora fighting Roxas. After that scene you recive Final Form but, you cannot use it whenever you want at first. You have to transform into any other form and evenutally u will radomly transform into Final Form just like you randomly transform into Anti Form. After that you can use it whenever you wantfinal form...ah. ok well after you get it it will level up by how many nobodies you kill while in it. so a good  place to go is the tower in twilight town or the world that never was. good luck!to get final form, beat all the orginazation members in the world that never was.  it will appear randomly, like anti-form, and its hard to stay alive if it happens during a battle with one of the organization members. good luckTo get Final Form you have to keep using forms after a certain point in the game (which I'll say below to not spoil it for you).  Final Form will happen randomly as you change into forms after this point in the game.. . SPOILER. . . You can get Final Form after your duel with Roxas.You can it after you fight with Roxas. The only thing is that it happens randomly in "the world that never was." I stress over this for a while, then I made a discovery. Your chances for getting Final Form increase if your fighting a boss.. . For me it was during my fight with Xigbar. I got it once but I died so I lost it. I tried again and got it again. Sadly I lost again. I ended up getting it 4 times in a row, the fouth time I finnally beat him and escaped with Final Form in hand.. . Since their are only a few bosses there I would suggest you take advantage of this/You get final form about half way though the world that never was, you have to keep using the other forms and it should happen randomlyFinal Form!... after your duel with Roxas.Ur best bet is to get it during a duel with organization members like Sai'x
It's a form of play. You see lion cubs and other baby mammals attack each other all the time--it's just a way to use up some energy and practice for when the grow. Animal instincts, man! That's why rough-housing is fun!It can be a way to display  who is “alpha dog” or in some cases when it involves the opposite sex (some cases same sex)  it can also be a way of flirting
Some of them have ties on each side.  You just untie them and *floof* it comes off.use your teethDUH!
There are two reasons, the one is that often jokers can be used as wild cards, so will be included in the game.. The other reason is so that you can keep the real deck clean and any dirty marks that happen will occur on the edge two cards (the jokers) which are not usually used in games, notice with gambling games it can be quite important that no cards are marked in any way.I use jokers for playing spades. You have high joker and low joker both higher than the ace of spades,we do use them for canastaNo Euchre I ever played uses Jokers...jacks yes jokers no...but to answer you question..jokers are used in different other games like Canasta....I've heard of people using Jokers as wildcards for games like gin rummy, because it helps players build melds quicker. There's another game I played once where people lay off as they play, and then the drop jokers onto other people's cards, but I can't remember the name of it at the moment.. . Here is an official answer:. . The joker is an American innovation. Created for the Alsatian game of Euchre, it spread to Europe from America along with the spread of Poker. Although the joker card often bears the image of a fool (possibly derived from the stereotypical village idiot), which is one of the images of the Tarot deck, it is not believed that there is any relation. In contemporary decks, one of the two jokers is often more colorful or more intricately detailed than the other, though this feature is not used in most card games. The two jokers are often differentiated as "Big" and "Little," or more commonly, "Red" and "Black." In many card games the jokers are not used. Unlike face cards, the design of jokers varies widely. Many manufacturers use them to carry trademark designs.There are certain kind of card games that needs jokers in them.. Don't know what they call it.. my friends play it :)some games use joker(s).  euchre is one of them.  president is another.You never know when you might need themif i am thinking right, pinochle need the jokers and . . if you loose a card you can use a joker to replace it by marking the missing card on the joker, done that a lot when my kids were little. . . also you can use them to play match games with the very little kids learning to recognize numbers and symbols, club, heart, spades, diamonds and jokers. . . if you match the jokers you win the game type thing that makes the kids want to play and stay out of trouble.
omaha zoo in nebraska, a lot of people say it IS the BEST!!!!!!! i think it is to, you should check it out, i recommend itSt Louis is amazing and FREE!Henry Doorly Zoo in Omaha, Nebraska. The Zoo has the most amazing aquarium. It has a rainforest which is very real. It also has a desert dome that was featured on national TV, i dont remember which show. I go there every yr at least once with my daughter.indianapolis zoo.  They just redid that dolphin exhibit with a viewing capsule inside the dolphin tank and they just recently got a meerkat exhibit.The Kansas City ZooThe Columbus Zoo(Ohio).I've been to a lot of zoo's,  my favorite is still the Sedgwick County Zoo in Wichita, KS.  It is one of the cleanest, well organized zoos.  They have a huge orangutan and chimp exhibit that allows you to see the animals in a huge outdoor recreation area.  The chimps will actually come right up to the glass to entertain you.  They have a huge Gorilla exhibit with eight gorillas.  Lions, grizzly bears, leopards, huge giraffe exhibit (which you can feed the giraffes), reptile house, a jungle, and a new Arctic exhibit is due to open soon.  They have a train ride and a boat ride that takes you around the zoo.  They have worked hard to give the appearance of natural environments for the animals, so they are not in little cages.   I've been to the St. Louis zoo, Sedgwick beats it.  I've been to the Columbus zoo it is good too.  I have heard really good things about the Omaha zoo although I've never been.  I don't recommend the Kansas City zoo!BrookfieldToronto Zoo. Toronto's close enough to Detroit, and Detroit's in the midwest. Other than that, it's the Toledo Zoo in Ohio. No zoos in Michigan and Indiana come close.The Omaha Zoo. It is a big zoo with lots of different animals. You can spend the whole day there and still not see everything!Brookfield, ChicagoOklahoma City Zoo. . They have recipes beneath the names of each animal!Having worked at the Columbus Zoo I'm kind of partial to it, but the Memphis Zoo is really nice too.
In the old boardgame version (who is alot more fun) you need to have all the streets in the same "naightbourhood" before you can buy houses and hotels.. . ex. If there are three streets marked red, you need all of them before you can buy any houses&#92;hotels.. If you only got 2 of the three red streets, you can not buy anything.only when you land on the property or when it is your turn depending on the game stylegoto the bank and get a loan?
I'll bet the D.A.R.E. website has a terrible, horrendous and totally inaccurate account of why... but that probably won't help you out... Check some medical journal sites.  You most likely can read up on the chemical reaction in your body and the physiological responses that cause this.i dont know good question
same thing kept happening to me on XBox. Problem with mine was having more than 1 saved game. I deleted all but 1 of my games, and it never happened againJust one of these 2 reason:. 1.the disk has a problem. 2.ur console has a problem. get another disk and if it happend again get ur console to customer servicebecause the gamecube is an inferior systemBecause its loading new things
Im not totally sure of how u really do it but i know it has something to do with action replay.you have ben lied to you cant play as himI belive you are talking about Super Smash Brother Melee. You can't be the handYou beat crazy hand and master hand on really hard or watever its called.....(just a guess)Master Hand for what game?I dont think you can.Oh, Master/ Crazy hand have weird controls, you have to use the D pad to attack. I used to know what directions/combinations of directions and buttons did what, but that knowledge has left me.. . (For anyone who doesn't know you have to use an Action Replay and enter debug mode to play as the hands, using this mode you can play as any character in the game, eg. Wireframes, The Hands, Gigabowser, even the Sandbag from the home run contest)
Its not nothing, the special edition removed the "hot coffee" mod in the regular GTA SA. If you dont know what "hot coffee" mod was, well it was when you can make love to ur girlfriend in the game. And then the ESRB changed the regular GTA SA rating to AO(adults only). And then Rockstar came out with the special edition one.special edition has a shiny case.nothingSpecial Edition costs more.
An authentication key is a code, usually 12-25 characters long, that serves as proof that someone installing software does in fact have a legal, paid-for copy of that software. It's similar to a CD-Key, which you will find on most any PC software.a code to prove you have paid for the item
it depends on were you got your cd key from if you got it from a generator it's already bannedSometimes the cd key is case sensitive. Try typing it exactly like it appears. If you got the game from a friend who played it, there is a chance they registered the game already and you won't be able to play online (the key was already used). If you bought it and it does't work, contact the game's tech support to see what is going on.
That's not cool some of us can't grow hair and your ripping yours out to perform ridiculous games. :(Tfs??YOU need a hobbieHA ha, what drugs are you on? Have you tried mopping with your hair?  that you can do!Say what, huh!lol "bored" is an understatementIts to thin....(any hair)I'm guessing you were seriously stoned at this moment in your life. 987 strands of your own hair? My god child, shave it all off if you're gonna treat it like that. And walking on it? Far too thin to do that, and you are incredibly stupid to try.. . How many days has it been since they let you out of the funny farm?. . You need a life.YOU ARE DESPERATE FOR FRESH AIR.were do you get the time to fucking count that many hairs
fifa:world cup germany is the the worldcup but fifa road is the first games & the championship but not the same that are in now. rtwc is better(longer) but the wcg is more realThere is no diffrence, they only make 2 of the same thing with different names they only add a diffrent color on the main screen. they do that to make $$$$.. I havent played them but i know almost every xbox/xbox 360 games are suck. No offense......
spanish football is spelled futbol and thats soccer. american footbal is well just football. i know this because im from cuba, a spanish speaking country.spanish football is soccer!!The Spanish play football well and the American suck at the sport.The spanish play futbol which in America is called soccer. In america we play football which is different from soccer.In the entire world, football is played by kicking a ball with a foot (hence the name). In America, football is played by throwing a ball with ones hands. We call soccer what the rest of the world calls football.isn't spanish football also knwn as soccer?Spanish Football or futbol is what Americans would call Soccer.  American Football is not soccer... an example is the NFL football.
I was told it dated back when knights practiced archery aiming on a circular board, except back then the boards were MUCH bigger. Then in the late 1700s an englishman had discovered  the archery act and turned it into a game by making smaller "arrows" and throwing them, but many were injured during the play. Then people begain reshaping the "darts" and the common dart boards that are used today are magnetic. The End.who cares search and find it on the Internet ROTFL darts heh
Why are people telling you what color you are anyway? and more importantly, why does it matter and why do you care?What nationality are you? If you aren't white even if you look white just keep saying you're not. Oh well if people don't believe you; I've seen hispanics that look white that have no white in them and people would swear up and down that they were. Just be YOURSELF and be honest all the time even if people don't seem to believe you.mabey because you look white and they are to stupid to listen to you.if your light skinned people naturally think that your white, duh.  this is such a stupid question........Well, who cares what they think? You are what you are.maybe because you act white or have light skin...some people think I'm Hispanic....Well, you are white, aren't you? Is your avatar an accurate depiction of yourself? If it is, you are white. I think you are thinking about how tan you are, am I correct? If you are, no one can make people stop saying what they want to say.why do people randomly tell you you're white?  that's bizarre.because the may about a please the not of but and/or otherwise 50 and the parents.because you are white.Well, are you Caucasian? If not, then what?umm, maybe you look like a white person? geez!Ok, you aren't white.  You're Caucasian.  ^_^you look tan to me...probably because you are white!!! duh!!!I don't know...I don't care if you are or not...I like the avatar though.Tell those people what you are in a nice way and hopefully they get the picture.There isn't anything wrong with being white.because your skin is white.because every body loves a white girl...lol jkbecause you are you silly little goose
1) everyone likes halo and making it only for the 360 will encourage you to upgrade.  (I have a 360 and love it by the way, I do not know what all the crap about glitches is, I have never had a problem with mine). . 2)  Microsoft publishes the game and it is not to going to give it up to sony, microsofts console competition (face it nintendo doesn't compete any more)  . . 3) the xbox couldn't handle the graphics needed to run the gameIts only on 360 for 2 reasons.. 1. Halo is Microsoft's money-baby, and there's no way Sony or Nintendo will get their hands on MS's baby boy.. 2. the XBox just doesn't have the power to properly do all the things they're trying to put into Halo3Hmmm, I wonder. HALO is produced by Bungie and, oh yeah, published by Microsoft. Who would have guessed that Microsoft would publish a game with one of the most recognizable characters from the XBox exclusive to the 360? Besides, from what I've seen of Halo3, the original XBox doesn't have the power to keep up with it (especially since the trailer is suppossedly rendered real-time by the game engine).cuz the 360 makes the game have better graphics and it new
To disable pop up blocker but not permadently just press and hold down your ctrl key and click on what you want to access that you could not acces before.Look up on your Yahoo toolbar, (you do have one don't you?).. Drop down the Pop-Up icon and uncheck "Enable Pop-Up Blocker".Try holding down your Ctrl button while it loadson the yello bar which pops up, each time a pop up is blocked, click on it and select allow popups. . . And yes, hold the control key, before you click on the link, which you know is going to open a pop up
Forget about Singapore Pools.  The odds sucks.  Well if you are really interested in finding out, visit www.singaporepools.com.sg.Basically you buy a ticket in multiples of $5 and you can bet on a variety of things like winner, number of goals, winning by 1,2,3 goal margin etc.. . Basically they will adjust the odds depending on how many people bet on which team so how much you win also depends on when you buy the ticket.
My 3 year old cousin is smarter than u.... Nig-Gait depends on what computer you are usingIm no geneous but the orriginal roler coaster tycoon is only meant for windows 95-98 windows 99, or XP wont workMany older games are sort of hit or miss on whether they work in Windows XP.  If you are running the game in a log on that has limited access priviliges that might be your problem.  Try running it with an account that has full administrator priviliges, alot more older games run with admin priviliges than without.
Heehee why dont you just play and find out? Nothing happens to him, he never really goes anywhere ;)he gets in his ride, then goes to fuck some bitcheshe becomes part of sora againhe gives birth to yo mommaDuring the first part of the game you see things like restoration at 28% and stuff. When this reaches 100% Roxas and Sora become one again.He gets assimilated back into Sora, as does Namine into Kairi.. Don't worry though, you'll see him again!daffy duck kills her and then mickey eats her
http/www.gamefaqs.com and go to codes. that should help :DIf you start a file with the name "hcrayert" (treyarch backward) you will recieve an obscene amount of Hero pts. and start on Chapter 16, IIRC
In Yahoo! Games, when you disable kibitzing, it doesn't allow spectators to look at your hand.my grandma used to say this to me all the time! it's someone who won't leave you alone while you play. like looking over your shoulder saying "oh play the three!"Is when you make a comment during a chess match that everyone including the players can hearUmm do you mean the communal farm the kibbutz?
Because it is not connected. Press the little button on the front of the 360 while your controler is on. It should work.Some1 Signed Online?
You have just violated every code of conduct for Magicians that has ever been written. A True magician never tells his secrets.Doesn't sound possible, but if it works that is awesome. I always like learning new tricks. Thanks!Sounds Like you got it! keep up the good work and practise makes perfect.
Ask your dad to rent the system for you, just for a couple days. Spend time playing games with him, rent something he might really enjoy. After it is returned, he will want to play those games again, and who knows, may buy you that game system.. . If that does not work, you could tell him, that you might be forced to sell drugs or get a real job to buy it yourself.Donate a couple of your other games to charity, he will see how responsible you are and would want to reward you.. . UMMMMM why can't you buy your own game, how old r u?????KNock out all your teeth and put them under your pillow- with all the money the tooth fairy brings you go buy one.you are a spoiled brat!!! you might as well ask, he gives you everything you want anywaysBlackmail.show your dad that you are responsible enough to do the right thing and keep the house clean, do your chores, even when not asked.  Do all you can for 1 month and you won't even have to ask, He will simply melt right in your hands.why don't you just ask him...if that doesn't work write a suicide note and say that you will kill yourself unless he buys you the game because it's you're most valued thing in life....but that probably won't do a dang thing...lolSeems as though with that collection that you've gotten everything else you've ever asked for... why are you asking us? Apparently all you have to do is say, "daddy... daddy, I want it and I want it now!". . But, if it doesn't work.. you have until next year to get one for Halo 3!. . Otherwise: Get a job and save your money...ummm just sell yur games...or ask him to buy it for u for some returns like mowing the lawn or like taking out the trash or like paying half of itaskyou can sell you psp lol. serious tell him i want it tell him about the graphic & abillities itll work but on q why do you need 2 psps?don't ask him. sell your otherstuff.Try http://craigslist.com as they are regional..and you can actually scout the country looking to find what it is that you want. I SO many people who have used this site. I think you Will find what you want here,....best to you.alot of butt kissing usually works...or sell both ps2s and x-box and most of game su should have enough if u get a good price and bleieve me the 360 is worth it grab call of duty 2 and chaos if u are waiting for halo 3 like me call of duty 2 is kinda short but great and fun multi p and chaos is long and u will love it if u likr rpgs at allyou can giv e your other games away or play like you did and then tell him that you really want the xbox.Beg and beg. When I get back to Indiana I will to my dad.GET A JOB!!!! and buy it yourselfkeep bothering him or/. sell ur systems/games/and other stuff. if i were u, i would save up for ps3.
Hold down the control (Ctrl) key and it will temporarily bypass the pop-up for a site that you want to let through.if your useing yahoo games.........then you would go to yahoos home page and click on "popup blockers".......you will then get a small window that says"get popup blocker now   yes/no......click on no....that turns them off.........From the Internet Explorer task bar above:. Tools>pop-up blocker>turn on, turn off, settings.if i were you , i would leave it turned on.click ctrl
7 card poker ... you get 7 cards, but only use the best five to win the hand (and the pot).  The poker hands still apply.u use 7 cards and no community cards. 7 card stud would be a 7 hand poker game.7 cards i think is the only difference... i could be wrong, i probably am wrong. but if i'm right, give me the 10i think that ir is a poker game where 7 hands are played instead of 1
be more specific i don't know exactly where you are talking about.Sorry to say, it's all in the timing. It took me forever to do it, but it is possible.Swing the rope and wait till the rope is all the way forwards. jump and and press X, then Start swinging the rope.That bloody difficult valley on top of Pandora's, eh?  Slide down to the very tip of the rope you are on.  Swing repeatedly until Kratos gets closer to the next rope & double jump.  Repeat the process on each rope.  Practice makes perfect.  But trust me, some challenges ahead are more pain in the ass than this one.
use metallic paint colorsThere is a good metallic paint made by Rustoleum.  I used it on a model my husband designed, that I call the "Spear Luin," at our last launch, and even a person who owns a model company was  telling him that he should market it.  When you paint with it, a good idea, just like with your other rockets, is to spray a mist of it into the air and pass the rocket through the mist rather than spray it directly on the rocket--you get a more even coat with fewer drips, even if you have to give it more than one coat.
Because helium is less dense than nitrogen (air), there is less resistance to your vocal chords when the vibrate.. . Think of your vocal chords as a rubber band.  Take one and stretch it out.  Place it in water.  Now flick it with one finger.  Notice how it vibrates.  Now do the same in air.  Notice how it vibrates faster because there is less resistance.Is there some other gas that makes the voice go lower?Because it frezzes your vocal cords and you struggule to get your voice back allowing a higher pitch to come out. Like when you smoke weed it puts pressure on your vocal cordsI am pretty sure that the helium temporarily freezes your vocal cords.  It could also be that helium is cold so when it passes through the cords it tightens them up.  when the cords are tighter you get higher pitches in your voice.
give them the items they love and talk to them each day. post a few people and i will give the item's name that they love under the comments section. i will check here again tomorrow.No ll reply accurate I think.Talk to them everyday and give them their favorite things. The links below will tell you everyone's favorites.
a spinner is best to use when trolling [in a boat] if you are fishing from shore constantly reel it in.You do not use a cork or bobber with a spinner.  It is meant to always stay in motion, so constantly reel it in...not too fast, but, to attract attention, give it an occasional tug or jerk to change the motion and aggravate the fish.  Unless you are using a very light spinner in very deep water, you do not need any added weight.  Try the Mepps Aglia for good spinner lure action.you have to constantly reel it in.
Go to MudConnector and take your pick.  Personally, I prefer MuckClient by WoofWare (freebie with no nags), though Phoca (also free) is very popular as well.I (hope) your runing windows XP.Go to the start menu,then all programs,then accessories,then command prompt.type in (start typing). . telnet godwars.com 3000. . (Stop typing) press enter. follow the create account instructions and start playing.
Get a price guide book for beenie babies. These will tell you how much they're worth depending on their condition, what year they came out, etc. Hope this helps, I had the same problem.Try the ty website. Or get a collector's manual.go to:. . http://www.collectorscache.com/StoreModules/ShowCategory.aspx?CategoryID=1&tabid=9&tabindex=0Get any TY beanie baby book,like Benie Mania 1,2.Or go to a Ty website updated on the latest beanie baby
i think its cuz u suck....The winning strategy of tournament poker is well known.  Play very tight in the beginning, where the size of the blinds do not justify taking risks. . . You get more aggressive later on, and move into high gear at the end when you are short handed.  Doyle Brunson's Super System explains this pretty well...not good enoughHard to tell without watching you in action. Either you have a "tell" which you are not aware of, especially when you get close to the end rounds of the tournament, or you don't really have a good grasp of the cards or the game or both, or lose your handle on the cards as you reach the end rounds. You're too eager to win or you're afraid you'll win (subconsciously).. . Have someone who knows a tell watch you playing in a tournament, or watch video reruns if they're available.Could it be that every time you get a good hand your eyes pop out of your head?i dont know! please more infoYou're not cheating. . .........NEXT QUESTIONu probably are getting bad cards...or everyone else just has better ways of playing...Start playing tight at the beginning and then progressively get more aggressive as the field narrows down. That's just general strategy in poker tournaments.
Halo 2, x-box live....one on one or against another team.....  We can work as a unit or work as a team.  The team playing is exhilerating, but that's just me.  The LAN tournaments are the best....  Our team name: "Buck Shot Jones and the Soggy Bottom Boyz"metal gear series,cause it's greati think my favorite game ummmmmmmmmmmm........ there is lots of good game but mine i think is Half-Life & Half-Life2 . why:::bcz it has this uniqe style of (FPS) game style and has this kind of scary silence and hiding in places. and the weapons r soooooooooooooooooooo realistic except one or two my weapon is the cross-bow    i love just love. half life 2 is amazing hope valve keeps on rockinDefinitely Kingdom Hearts 1 & 2.It is a very good rpg game.Awesome!As for console,I would say XBOXI'm sorry but this is an impossible question. There are too many awesome games out there. I can give you a list though.. 1)FFVII, FF, FFII, FFIV. 2)LoZ: Ocarina of Time. 3)Super Smash Bros/Melee. 4)Pokemon Blue/Gold/Ruby. 5)LoZ: The Windwaker. 6)007 Goldeneye. That's just the tip of the iceburg but I will stop there. Oh and my favorite console ever is a toss up between the N64 and the Gamecube.a hard list.... there are way too many games in the top of my list... so I'll have to give you my top 3:. . Battlefield 2: very well done action, you have few enugh hitpoints that it keeps you from doing stuped stuff, but enugh to keep it from getting anoying.. . Prince of persia the sands of time: outstanding combat and story, and logicly speaking would be my favorite game, but not by much.. . Dawn of war winter assalt: amazingly well balinced! by far the best RTS on the planit. . and the console would be the PS2. soon to be the Wii, I'm sure of it :)Kingdom Hearts, the unlikely bond between Square (my fav developers) and Disneyall grand theft auto series becuz you get to do anything kill people,drive cars,and blow up thingsmadden 2006 its awsome fast paced fun and the best football game ever madeHalo 1 hands down. Everything you love in a game --- intense gameplay, epic story, big Hollywood production, and a kick-a** main character. I think I lost a girlfriend, 3 friends, and dropped out of school for a semester when this game came out. Ya...it's that good.. . Microsoft makes the best console out of the big three. Nintendo is too stubborn and Sony is out of touch w/ gamers. I choose Microsoft b/c they listen to gamers and put out what gamers want, not what some stiffs in a boardroom (with most being 2-3 times the average age of a gamer) decides what is best. And with Nintendo still focusing on kiddie games and silly innovations, Microsoft is primed to take over the #1 spot.Although I can't say a specific game, I'd have to say any game in the METROID series. Mainly the METROID PRIME sub-series. I like METROID PRIME games because I love a good fps.My favorite video game is Kingdom Hearts, because it's a very engaging game.  Plus, it has Disney characters, which is just cool as far as I'm concerned.  My favorite console is PlayStation.  I think it has better games and it's just a nicer system.
yes.,.,.,. . . . . . just for two points (not related)Okay first of all this is illegal....... Though... nobody might care in this "Yahoo Answers™" (I'm reffering to the net law inforcers).. . Its pretty easy actually. I'll probablly recommend yahoo on this one. Just try to use the words that literary sense what you want... You'll find a couple of serial sites.... But be careful.... its mostly filled with virus....(but not all)... SO get your anti-v ready.hey go to this website they have a lot of CD keys . http://www.geocities.com/toxicghost/Cd-Keys.htmlYes, you go to an online software dealer and buy a real copy of the game. Or buy it Direct to Drive (or whatever it is called) if you can't wait for it to ship.
maybe u got ur pop up blocker on and when u press join the blocker blocks it . u can turn it off by goin to tools and goin to pop up blocker and put turn off. u can turn it back on later.It may be your pop-up blocker.. Try holding down the Alt key when you click on the table.. If that doesn't work try the Ctrl key.
Well, yes and no for the answers Kenneth gave you. Yes, you can only save games on the hard-drive if you have the xbox modded. And no, because, there are now mod chips that will turn on and off to avoid detection from xbox live.You would need a ModChip, but that Voids the warranty. If you have your ModChip on you can't go on Xbox Live cause they'll ban yah.. http://www.xbox-scene.com/
Get diet coke, get mentos, drop mentos into soda bottle,  Why is this difficult??The only way to make this work is to go to your friends house and just take couple of Mentos with you and while drinking coke or some kind of soda just give it to him and tell him to put the mentos in it as it makes it taste really good. Thats how this trick works.. . ...oh yea and when it explodes don't tell him that you knew anything aobut this.Um... if you can't handle the concept of adding Mentos to a bottle of diet coke, don't try it.A bottle of diet coke, and drop 13 mentos into itThis is actually harder than it looks.  I am still int the process of finding a "how to" guide. I'll put up a link if I find one.Open a bottle of diet coke, if you want to do something special - then you can stick a string through a pack of mentos (unwrap them first, duh)...then it will be faster/easier.
I think the biggest one is that the tobbaco industry has a huge chunk of money to lose if people were to start smoking much of anything else... I'm pretty sure tobacco is right up there with oil in determining what our current policy is... But whatever. :)I don't know, but it makes you wonder why cigarettes are. . Mary Jane is not illegal everywhere. . Just the States ("land of the free, home of the brave") Right...1. It's addictive. 2. Causes a lot of breathing problems. 3. Affects your brain negatively.tobacco companies do not want people to "grow their own". Big lobby.... keeps it illegal... . If you think about it is is pretty absurd that a PLANT should be illegal....The top three reasons that marijuana is not legalized is because cannabis grows naturally and therefore cannot be controlled, regulated, or patented, therefore our "government" and the pharmaceutical industry cannot make any money on it.  . . As a nation, we claim that we want people to say "no" to drugs however that is not true.  We just want people to say no to organic drugs while pharmaceutical drugs are pushed down our throat, in our veins, or up our butts.so there will be more for the copsGovernment hasn't found a way to tax it.. Causes cancer 4 times as fast as a cigarette. Supposedly opens the door to harder drugs.There aren't really any good reasons.one is because it is so easy to make the government would not be able to control the taxing of it all.competition for synthetic fibre. not taxeable. scares the church. . Ido not think that it will ever be legal in the USA,if a. anything the politics are moving in the oposite direction and a fascist attitude against minority groups is growing. . ATITUDES IN OTHER COUNTRIES. mild in Canada.used to be legal in Alaska.in Autralia you can have a few plants in the garden,In South Africa an ounce in your pocket is accepted .In Holland it is sold openly in koffie Bars and the police will direct tourist to safe places to buy.}in England a few years ago it was decrimenalised.. In Marroco it is the culture and all the old men smoke it in the caffees..as in many Arab countries . In Asia in some countries it is a very old part of their culture.. etc. etc.. . MEDICINAL . in many countries marijuana is used in rubbung alcohol mostly by old people to relieve body pains especially the limbs.. it is also used for Asthma and nervous disorders. AMERICA. the USA the attitude is dogmatic for other reasons than the narcotic effects of the drug.. before 1920 marijuana was extensively grown by the USA and Mexico for the production of fibre.which made a durable material,cheap and it does not scorch,that was used for all the jeans,ropes,sails for the sailing ships and millions of jute bags that were used by millions of farmers,representing a multimillion dollars business.. . after 1920 with the coming of synthetic materials,which were products of the petrolium business ,which were owned by the families or associates of most of the presidents,. . this competitive comodity could not be allowed to continue to exist,. and the war on Mariujana was on.. . the drug factor although it has been proven beyond doubt by countless tests that it was a relative harmless substance compared to sigarettes,alcohol and others,was blatently ignored and relentlessly the war continued to this day.. although it does worry the church, since people tended to stay up all night and question religious and philosohical beliefs.some times coming to uncomplementary conclusions of what was socially accepted.. . alcohol puts people to sleep and they dont question the given standards.. . . MARIJUANA FIBRE. today Mariujana fibre is making a come back in Europe and Africa and produce designer pantalons and shirts for very high prices because the quality is superior than linnen.. . these fibre plants do not produce drugs to speak of and are worthless for the drug market .it is the fibre that is the value.. . and organically speaking it is an exelent plant to recuporate tired soils ,after cattle and corn field have practically destroyed the land,because the plant is deep rooted grows on most altitudes,and breaks open or loosens compacted soils as well as secreting nitrogen.. . .the stalks can also be converted in to building material such as blocksI am not a marijunana user but I can and appreciatte both sides of the question of legalization. I beleive the top three reasons why it hasn't happed are as follows.. . (1) the public perception is that  we already have problems with alcohol and tobacco abuse and that legalizing marijuana would just add to our problems. (2) The people making a big tax free profit suppling the illegal market would lose their source of income. (3) It is already readily availible and most people who would or could change the laws are just not that interested.#1..The Government is scared because they do not know what the outcome will be. . #2..They know it will put every marijuana dealer out of business and this would have effects on the criminal justice system because the courts make alot of cash from fines. . 3: Society deems marijuana users as weak individuals and it would go against what the system "believes"  and yes they can tax anything they wish to, and actually taxation would help our debt but noone wants to be the "bad guy" perseIts image, it makes people stupid, and the government is afraid of granting freedom to the people.1. the government makes a sh*t pile of money keeping it criminal.. 2. the goverment can use the laws to keep people under their "thumb".. 3.it would make a dent in the profits of those who supply certain kinds of products made from wood pulp- so the corporate interests support the government position.Marijuana was made illegal by the textile industry lobbyists who saw hemp as a serious threat to their profits.. . It's currently kept illegal by lobbyists from the pharmaceutical industries who are threatened by its therapeutic benefits and by organised crime syndicates who make billions of dollars from its illegal trade.I'm not gonna list everything but I believe the real reason is that the government has too many benefits by keeping it out of the mainstream. There are people paid off with huge sums of money daily to deal drugs and stay out of jail. By leagalizing it that money would just go into the hands of the Pot Brownie shop owners and such.. . It is totally irrational to me that it is illegal.
Gunzonline.comidk if it is still free or not, but there is a game called rose online. www.roseonline.com i think......  i loved it back in beta...URBAN DEAD!!!!!!!! AWESOME!!!!!. . Disney's virutal magic kingdom. Guild Wars (but you have to buy the game first). ShadowbaneRagnarok Online.I suggest looking into MUDs/MUSHES/etc.  There are a great deal listed at www.mudconnector.com.  My personal favorite is Amitoune at www.amitoune.comAnarchy Online is a free to download, free to play MMoRPG.. . Careful though, it is addictive!
I personally dont like the sims... sim sim simpsons?offcourse bu buying the full version games. but if u want cheats or cracks than it is not fair -. u may search on weblike the other two said lookfor cheats or get the full version and i think alot of pepole can agree
because i am bored all the time so i like to see what different people have different views on things. . its very entertainingby mistake. now I love it.A little bit of everything.something to doI love to share my opinions, lol. That and its interesting seeing what others will say...sometimes I wish I could respond to the ANSWERS more than the questions!I feel I am an intelligent person and I love giving people advice.  It makes me feel good to know I may be making a difference in someones life.  :)  People Helping People~ it's what we do.  Everyone wants to be part of the Miracle.i thought you could win footy tickets from it? but now i just do it for fun, to kill time and because you can get some important questions answered. how about you?i did a search on something and a led me to this site then i got hookedi needed 2 know the square root of 5...and then i came back on because i was boredumm i was bored one dayto get pts and to enlighten pplboredomI was looking for some help in physics and yahoo led me here. Been answering questions on here ever since.I was going to answer your question about.... . OK so you know of 666 which is six hundred, 3 score and six?. We are mostly all aware of the number 666, but here is an interesting little discovery I have made ( at least I think it is interesting). Let's say you have the alphabet in front of you, now give the letters a number, like this a=101 b=102 c=103 d=104 e=105 you get the idea keep going to the end the last letter z.. now pick out these letters H I T L E R and add up the numbers for those letters they make?????? yes 666. now considering who he was I find that very interesting, as the prediction in the bible says: Count the number of the beast for it is the number of a MAN and his number is six hundred three score and six.. hhhmmmmmm could it be?? . . you did not investigate more. you don't know your addition.. a101. b102. c103. d104. e105. f106. g107. h108. i109. j110. k111. l112. m113. n114. o115. p116. q117. r118. s119. t120. u121. v122. w123. x124. y125. z126. H I T L E R. h = 108. i = 109. t = 120. l = 112. e = 105. r = 118. sum = 672 and not 666. . next time practice your mathematicsTo get points and try to win a pair of tickets for the World CupI joined for something to do and I have found that it is actually very rewarding expecially when someone votes for your answer as their bestI found it by accident. then I found it interesting. Then I thought what a great way to get some anwsers, then I just wanted to get to level two, now I'm trying for level three. Sad but true!because i wanted to know answer to a question and  i got itI needed to find out how to convert feet into sq ft.... and this site came up!Knowledge - both giving and receiving.The first time I came across it, I was just browsing around. Then I came upon a question: Do girls fart?....and I nearly died. I couldnt stop laughing. I sign up and started answering question and then I learned that you could earn points. Its entertaining, you can learn a lot. Its just a real nice place to chill, and learn, and help people too. You know people have question that they really want to ask but might be afraid to do it face to face. This is a good medium for people like those. You really have to have a broad back though cause some people can be nasty at times.I joined for a couple of reasons: To spread what I know to others. For amusement, and to find answers to my own questions.I saw an article about it on yahoo.com and yahoo advertising it so I knew the answer of a question, but to answer I had to join.  I mostly do it in my free time when there's nothing better to do or it's hot outside and sometimes I really need to ask questions to get answers that I've wanted to know about for the longest time.  It's very entertaining even though from a first glance it looks boring.  I like to voice my opinion and it's very addicting because of the points and you see a question that you know the answer to and you can't leave before you answer it!!!same as baldy hugs.had nothing else to do at first even though i havent asked any questions i still enjoy answering most , well the ones that make sense that is lolI saw a question that I knew the answer to, but I had to join in order to answer it. And then I got hooked.I think I was just bored that day.................I did a search and I saw the link of yahoo answerscause i can show my brain to the worldOriginally it was out of curiosity.. Then it became an addiction.. Now it is a means of entertainment.
search it on google. duh.that is the most stupid ? but i will answer that you put some on your back and you walk around the room or store where ever your at with that person on your back ?????
Sounds like you may need to charge the battery...I'm going to assume that you have charged the battery.. . I'm also going to assume that you haven't done anything to it that would allow it to engage in emulation.. . Nothing besides getting it repaired elsewhere, selling it to some idiot, or throwing it away.
My favorite skit: You ask for a volunteer from those people watching.  The volunteer comes up, and you ask the person to represent a table (the person gets down on all fours, tries to keep back flat).  Then, two people mime, or play out, having dinner at a table.  The dinner is represented by a bowl of water, the more the better, placed on the "Table's" back.  The two actors finish their meal, and leave the scene.  However, the table is left with the container on his/her back, trying not to move so as not to spill the water.  Let the table sit for as long as he/she will until deciding to get up, spilling the water and soaking the "table".  Very funny to watch.The man with one golden armGhost of the Ruby Lips and Bloody Fingers
In my opinion, concept artists give an example, of what the game creators want, to the game artists. Whether it be for enemies, buidlings, weapons, and so on. Sometimes the creators give them free reign to make whatever would be cool in a game.I did a google on concept art. tons came up.
I know plenty of girls who play video games and there are even some groups/clans that are soleley dedicated to women gamersDo you know many girls?  Of course they do!You have to be sure of what you're asking- why girls don't play video games, or if they do, and you're just not seeing them play them.. . The Entertainment Software Association (ESA) have done surveys and studies on gameplayers and buyers. It goes on to list that the average buyer is 40 years of age, the average gamer is 33 years of age, and 50% of all Americans play video games- that's a rather large chunk out of the population, and it's a longshot to assume that part of that chunk doesn't include girl-gamers.. . Surveys have been conducted to disprove that gamers are predominantly male. While it is true that the average consumer nowadays is 20-30 years old and male, more and more female gamers are being found. A few studies claim that females outnumber males in Massive Multiplayer Online Role Playing Games (MMORPGs), and the ESA backs this by claiming that, while not outnumbering females, 48% of the MMO population is female. A substantial number do play games provided by internet services (like word jumbles and puzzles). Perhaps one of the most popular games noted for being played premarily by females is "The Sims" series, which is effectively a Life-simulator.. . Even if one disregards this, a number of the most popular video game characters have been female in the past: Lara Croft is one example of sexuality combined with hardcore action and adventure; Samus Aran was a character in Metroid whom every person played thinking she was a male until the very end. It's becoming something of a more attractive theme to have females that play the role of action heros or are otherwise the main characters, rather than males, while simultaneously disregarding the stereotype that all video game females are damsels in distress.blinks.. they don't?. . My daughter and I play them all the time!because we grow up..and mature out of it  or their baby brothers play it and they just can't be immature like baby brothers..My girlfriend plays halo 2.  =+OI'm a "girl" (well, woman - I'm 20) and I play video games. I love them.They do! I just don't like the really violent ones (although I like the Lord of the Rings ones, stabbing and all), personally.Wow! Have you been under a rock or something?!?!? Girls are everywhere in gaming now. You really can't turn on one show that has anything to do with gaming and not see one. I am a girl and I love to play Grand Theft Auto and Metal Gear Solid and all of those kinds of games. Just cause you don't see a ton of girls in the game stores doesn't really mean anything. I just means they probably went into Claire's first. . . . . Which I could never do. Video games is first in my book!That's like asking, why don't guys ask questions on Yahoo Answers??? ;). . and FYI I'm a 22/Female been playing video games since I could use an Apple II, then moved on to Sega and Nintendo, then PSX, then PS2, then XBOX, then a pimpin HP gaming PC setup, and soon the PS3. Can't wait for FFXIII!!!!That's a very good question. I am a female and I'm having a hard time in finding other females with that interest. I play a lot of video games. In fact the one I play now is GTA San Andreas it's awesome. . I guess they think it's male stuff, stupid ha?HEY! I play video games.....and, ummm..... . . Do you think that my user lookup in neopets is cool? the address is there below?. . MY USER LOOKUP:. http://www.neopets.com/randomfriend.phtml?randomfriend=shaggy_sacchi. . MY SHOP:. http://www.neopets.com/browseshop.phtml?owner=shaggy_sacchi. . MY GUILD:. http://www.neopets.com/guilds/guild.phtml?id=2121410. . plz wait for the music and graphics to load...I'm a girl and I play Guild Wars.  I also used to play Neverwinter Nights, Sims, and Warcraft.im a girl (19) gamer. i've beaten Resident Evil 4 four times on normal (three times without dying) and once on hard (also without dying)  i've also beaten Metroid Prime countless times (normal and hard) and I kick @$$ in SoulCalibur 2Yea they do.. There are pro teams out there. Like GX3 is a girls clan, and PMS Clan. These teams play professionally I believe.Girls play video games go on x-box live sometime odds are you'll be beaten by a girl in Halo 2 or Unreal tournament.NOT TRUE.  IF I EVER HAD TIME, I LOVE VIDEO GAMES AND NO YOU ARE NEVER TOO OLD TO HAVE A LIL FUN.  I ONLY LIKE ROLE PLAYING GAMES THOUGH LIKE THE HOBBIT, ZELDA, MEGAMEN, STUFF LIKE THAT.  THAT WAS THE ANSWER THOUGH.  WE DONT BECAUSE WE HAVE OUR PRIORITIES STRAIGHT.  WE WORK, GO TO SCHOOL, RUN ERRANDS AS MEN SIT ON THEIR ASSES WITH NO CARE IN THE WORLD IF THEIR XBOX CONTROLLER IS IN THEIR HAND.girls do play video games and iam a girl ma self
You Can't It's Not Possible, Unless Someone Buys Them For You. There's No Way,     Sorry Hun,Do you mean hobo nickels?. If you do ,you will have to pay for them . They are hand carved collectible pieces of art.hobo`s used to sell them at a premium so that they could get a meal.not all hobos were bums ,some were artists.
Is there a silver or gold holographic emblem in the lower right hand corner of the card?  If not it's a fake.  :Dif you can take a picture of it i can tell you but if its not like glossy then its fake. send it to pimprockerleo@yahoo.comits fake if it doesn't have the sticker , the copyright ,and the yugioh symbol on the back even japanese cards should have that.  if the card is Dragon F.G.D or something like that then it's fake because it doesn't exist in the USA
Why do you get upset?  Because you are an emotionally weak individual who over reacts to things that don't really matter.if you've recently installed windows xp, many yahoo games won't work as xp is not initially java enabled.  You have to go to the sun microsystems website and install the java virtual machine from there.  Then you should be fine.Just go to a different website for games that are free.. Here are a few that will hopefully have your games:. http://www.albinoblacksheep.com/. http://www.i-am-bored.com/. And if these sites don't have the games you like, I feel sorry for you in advance.do you mean that it wont play the games? or you cant even get onto the page? if you can get there but it just wont play them, you may need to update your java console...i use a Sun console....Google "Java console" and it will give you links to free consoles....good luckOthers use backdoors to get into a full room.  Sometimes when the games won't load they will from these sites.. . www.shove-it.com. . www.alleykatzden.com. . Click on yahoo games from there.  Good luck!  You can get in full rooms from these sites.
You just type. It will appear in a dialog bubble near your head.. Btw, if you need more help, I'm guest_Vivia81 on there. Feel free to IM me.easy just go were your picture is
did it just start now?. restart your computer and if that doesn't work, then reinstall the software. that's what i had to do :)maybe u need to upgrade it
ummm..... what the first guy said. ( ^ - ^)The system includes the actual system, one wireless controller, a free one month Xbox live gold subscription, free xbox live silver (leaderboards, etc.) a headset for Xbox Live chat, a 20gb hard drive, an ethernet cable for live access, and that's it. :).
Yes change your password, but if you have real concerns, ask Pogo.  Help......Never use you passowrd anywhere online (chat windows, answers, message boards).  If it is a common word(s) change it to something alphanumeric.. . If you think someone is using your account, change your password.. . Also keep a close eye on your tokens...if the number fluctuates without you playing anything, then more than likely someone is using your account.
The only things that you need are tools and your imagination ... you need your peanuts, some glue, paint, a sharp knife or box cutter and a picture or sample of what you are trying to create or sculpt.  Even if you just glued a bunch of peanuts together and sculpted them into something, then painted it, you have created a work of art.try using toothpicks to hold them together or even a hot glue gun.  start from the legs up.do your own thing, or it isn't originalProbably just white glue and peanuts.  You might be able to add stability by putting toothpicks inside the peanuts, but I'd cut them short to hide them.. . Don't use spray-paint to color them.  It will degrade the styrofoam.  Instead, use acrylics.
ps2-Cheat: Raise Wanted Level. To raise your wanted level (God knows why), enter the following code during gameplay: R2, R2, L1, R2, LEFT, RIGHT, LEFT, RIGHT, LEFT.. xbox-Increase wanted level: BLACK, BLACK, L, BLACK, LEFT, RIGHT, LEFT, RIGHT, LEFT, RIGHTGet a tank and ram into cars on the road.good,clean,fun.get arhino and just keep killing the poposTheres a cheat, although Im not sure what it is. I forgot if you have to get far in the game or not. I lost my game... :,(  Anyway, if you aren't a cheater, im sure you have to obtain something or another.You have to use the code just to reach the 6 star. That is an impossible goal just destroying everything...use a rhino tank, or go to gamefaqs -> search grand theft auto -> cheat codes and you can find a cheat for 6 starsget in the police station
TradeYou have to trade through the game to get a Gengar.Trade it I guessA shadow stone!  They do exist!  Go to the ash caves!I think by trade.You trade the Haunter to a seperate game pack.  The best thing about trade evolution is that the stats go up but they still learn their moves at the same levels as their prior form.
I think snorlax means a pokemon that sleeps a lot and that munchlax means someone who eats a lot? LOL! Im not sure...THe Pokemon  Snorlax means " Likes to snore alot".  The Pokemon Name Munlax means " Likes to eat".some bear who does nothing all day just sleeps
Alot of gaming developers do that. Blizzard just recently canceled Starcraft: Ghost after being a while into it. I don't know. They just do.LucasArts decided that there wasn't enough steam in the adventure genre to warrant continued support of either title.  However, there is an indie company that has bought the rights and is in the process of continuing the development of Sam & Max 2.  As far as I know, Full Throttle is still KIA.what are ur 5 favourite rap songs ? how many questions does yahoo allow us to ask...mail me lets be friends bjpumpindogg@yahoo.com
Well in the sims2 to the mother(or father,if inpregnated by aliens) wails for a couple of minutes(seconds in real life) then she spins aroind and the baby pops into her hands like she threw it up and confetti falls, then a song plays and they ask you to name it.. . In the original sims the crib just shows up and they ask you to name the baby.In the original sims, the baby just appears after using the "Passionate Kiss" a lot. In the sims 2, your sim actually walks around pregnant for 3 days and then gives birth with a cut scene and the baby ends up in your arms (these are the PC versions).a bay pos up in a crib and u have to take care ofmit. u gown want 2 tell it to shut up cuz all the cryin but its yo baby.
Forget all the above answers.. . And have a couple of glasses of Jagermeister on the rocks before hand.. . Soon be ready for it ;-)First make sure you do not eat ANYTHING before riding it. Now for starts, first sit down and relax. Concentrate and do something like yoga. After that go outside and work out for a bit. It might help to get your body ready. After this go back to relaxing and make sure you eat all HEALTHY foods that day. Just dont eat em a hour ahead of roller coasters.Just know that if you're sensitive to roller coasters, be prepared to throw up.Just remind yourself that it's just a ride, and it's not very likely that you'll get hurt at all, unless you have motion sickness. Oh, and don't eat anything before you go on a roller coaster, unless you want an upset stomach.drink a glass of water at 10.49pm. . this always does the trick for medrink plenty before hand!!you can't, just get in line and go.either you will or you won't.some ppl are scared of heights,its nothing to be ashamed of.or try sky diving its awsome.JUST GO FOR IT!!!! YOU WILL LOVE THE THRILL OF IT!!!1.Dont eat fast food. 2.Dont eat dinner. 3.Dont eat brakefast. 4.Dont eat lunch. 5.Dont eat inbetwin rides. 6.If you must eat, Eat carrots. 7.Drink Water every 5 hoursjust do it their really fun to ride but dont be a chicken!wow well i was scared of roller coasters, so i went on a  REAAAAAALLY safe looking one, and it was great, so i gradually worked my way up to daring ones! i love roller coasters now! and if there is one that im not so sure of, i just bite my lip and walk right in the line. prepare your selfs that way. and physically: build up some arm muscles, so u have some muscle 2 hold on the seats lol :PI wouldn't go on rollercoasters, but after my friends came back saying they had such a great time, I really regreted not going for it. . . Now I LOVE them! and couldn't belive how I was before.. . JUST DO IT! your going to love it-trust me! The whole point is to be scared!don't give a damn whether you live or die. i suggest NOT standing up and using no hands because its been known to cause deaths. Stay in your seat and you will live to tell.contact 'wusses r us' or. 'girl pants anonymous'. . they'll sort you out if you have enough nerve to speakyou cant prepare yourself for things like this just go for it, worse that can happen is you'll puke or mess your pants lol, just go and enjoy yourself !!!!just expect to have a lot of fun and just relax scream if you have to and put your hands up if you let them. just go on one trhat looks not that scary than slowly work your way up to the big onejust know that theres no possible way you can get hurt and that it's alot of fun. you can't go to your grave never going on a roller coaster. BORINGjust bite the bullet and do it.. . remeber you are over 500x more likley to die in the car on the way than on the rollacosta.. . oh, and never look at the 17 year old school drop out in charge of the controlls.The best way is just to make up your mind that you will do it just once and if you hate it, you never have to do it again, then just go do it.  My son was terrified of going on a rollercoaster and even the people next to us said "look at that kid, I think he is going to hurl!", but even though he was worried he was going to, he was not going to chicken out as he made up his mind and decided it could be no more embarrasing for him to hurl than seeing is Mom hurl on on that rocking boat ride and have everyone know it was his Mom that did it,  so he just did it and has loved going on coasters ever since.Oh baby. U think u don't have the courage but there's a part of u that always CAN. I am crazy about roller coasters as of now but it took heaven and hell to get mi on my first one so i know that feeling.. First and best mental tip: go with someone extremely daring. Such person will boost ur morale. By the time he or she gets on a few and comes out alive and excited, u'll feel the need 2 get on it urself. That's how my bro got mi 2 like them. He was so happy about it that he took away the fear. Just have someone to encourage u mostly.. And best physical tip, if u don't have a strong and fast digestive system, allow at leats 2 hrs after eating before u get on a white knuckle ride (roller coaster).. Trust mi, as soon as u summon courage to get on ur first one, u'll fall in love wit them.. I dunno abt Alton but i wld suggest sth medium scale to start with. Like when i went to Thorpe park, i started with the detonator and worked my way up to stealth.. Anyway, just get in there and do it with somebody, get it over with. Gd luck.
You must have a broad band internet connection and buy a special cord to plug into your PS2 and the wall for internetThe trick is that you have to have a subscription, just like with Xbox live. You gotta talk to some guy at Sony and pay a monthly fee, then you'll be good to go.you have to make a Internet connection by setting up your network configuration and then u also have to have a Ethernet connection.connect the Ethernet cable to the back of your PS2(network adapter) and setup a profile for the broadband connection proxies. save the profile to your memory card..and your good to go....the disk that comes with the network adapter has a wizard that guides you through it all.you have to sign up for sony play online and have a game that can play online.
The original hearing aids were horns and tubes that people spoke into.  http://www.hearingcenteronline.com/museum.shtml. . What are you trying to do, anyway?  Maybe if you gave some details, we'd be able to give more helpful answers.Try different materials.  Thinner cord and thinner cups should help the vibration to travel further.  But... I don't think that you should be able to hear the sound from the cup unless it's up by your ear.  It would be too slack for the vibrations to be able to travel correctly.in that case, the vibrations travel on the string. Try strings of different materal some may be bettershout out loud!!reduce the distance? a megaphone, an amplifier, a narrow room where things sound louder as they eco off walls?use copper wire instead of string and cups should be cone shaped with the small ends facing away from the ear
An expression of happiness, a shout of joy.  How's that techies!!yahoo is a website where u can e-mail any one if u have your yahoo id. u can get lots of information about sports,what is going on in politics,dating,chatting and so many other things.    u will enjoy this very much. www.yahoo.com   I m indian..  .               Good Luck.Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) is an American computer services company with a mission to "be the most essential global Internet service for consumers and businesses". It operates an Internet portal, the Yahoo! Directory and a host of other services including the popular Yahoo! Mail. It was founded by Stanford graduate students David Filo and Jerry Yang in January of 1994 and incorporated on March 2, 1995. The company is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California.. . According to Web trends companies Alexa Internet and Netcraft, Yahoo! is the most visited website on the Internet today with more than 400 million unique users. The global network of Yahoo! websites received 3.4 billion page views per day on average as of October 2005.yahoo is a website, bearing position no. 1 in traffic ranking.you are stupidit is a search engine having services like mails,music,videos,and lots of information about anything you want.If you asked this question... then you know DAMN WELL what yahoo is......    god... you're such a 'tard... but you're at least not totally lost... Shyam Sundar is a total freakin idiot because he just copied and pasted his answer... HE'S A FREAKIN LOSER!!!full name: Yet Another Hierarchical Officious Oracle.something that Microsoft prefer that never be....A search engine.
ok...go to your kitchen, get the butter out, let it soften, then...mix in some spices and herbs...ok? then....pluck your feathers and rub in the butter mixture....then...go out side and bake for about 3 hours....then i'll be over and i will eat you......hee hee heeeither stay outside for along time or go to a tanning bed and stay on their for a whileCome on down to flippin' AUSTIN. It's HECK here. 200 degrees outside.I have a torch.............why are you running?My advice is, you don't want to do that. You could get sun poison or get cancer from to much sun. If you are a young person and start doing this now, by the time you are thirty, you will look like a wrinkle up prune.Try the frying pan...Heat a little bit of oil in the frying pan and then jump in.turn the oven on and slide in :) finger licken goodAsk David Blane if you can borrow his stupid water globe. That apparantly works wonders.lay down a big black piece of paper and a lot of tin foil - they get hot fast - and lie in the sunlay on a black trampoline and get ur self wet or lay on black concrete and get urself wetPluck your feathers then rub vegetable oil all over your body then lie in the sun underneath a pane of glass.I love your character! He is sooooooooooooooooooooooooo cute! You just lay in the sun and put tanning oil on. It works for me!GO TO THE BEACH AND LIE IN THE SUNRotisserie. That way you get the nice even burn. Make sure to baste yourself.Show up at KFC.  They'll fix you up good.Someone else took my answer. I was going to say pluck your feathers. :-(ummmmmmmm the sun ????hahaha crispy,,,yummmmmmmmmmmy.... Just take a day off and go to the beach for the whole day and go to sleep at the beach without any clothes on.You should be done by the time you wake up.make sure its sunny and temp is in 90s.lol..Can i see you after that?please..All I can say to that is 'hmmmmmmmm' and give you a look like this: { (. . (that's my mummy face, the one that says, hmmmm, you shouldn't really do that, and stop being so silly!)I found out a few weeks ago that falling asleep in the nice warm sun does the trick. :0(Butter! LOL....did you ever see the Seinfeld episode where Kramer used butter?  Okay, I wouldn't reccomend that, but I used tan accelerator just this past Sunday and yes, I fried like a chicken in hot oil......oh sorry, bad analogy. But yeah, I got burned,lay out on the beach for an hour with no sunscreenlol..rub butter on your body..you will fry will quick.
thats easy press sign upi was on that today and im mad i cant get stuff my penguin is LemonHeadzGo to miniclip, click on club penguin, sign up. It's for free.you can sign up and play, but you can't become a member without paying. If you play online for free, you cannot get everything a member gets though.
Exactly what ccgraves2003 said .. or there abouts.. . A ping is like a mobile/cell phone signal.. . A lower ping is the same as a higher signal.. A higher ping is the same as a lower signal.. . :-)The Ping is your Connection Strength, It depends on how often you kill, how often you die and how much you make things move in games. If you have 1MB Broadband you should be able to deal with over 400 in Ping, but only about 100 in Dial up. The lower your ping is the faster you will move.. Ping Lower gives a Faster Connection. Ping Higher Gives a slower connection. . . To lower your ping, your best bet is to hide in a corner with a big gun out of the way and kill any1 who annoys youlook r you have to do is try again whut look whut you r doing and and score cards want go down try to pay back you ohPing is a measure of the time it takes for data to travel between the computer/server. Hence a lower ping means a better, faster connection.The ping is a measure of your connection. . Lower Ping = Better Connection
match the stones? what levelThink of it as elimination game. There's always one cell on the board that cannot have any other type of stone but one. That is always a definite game, no guesses, and as you fill in more cells, you can move through the game faster.The very first puzzle is the 1 where you have to find the meaning of O,LameSaint
Click on a game (such as card games; then euchre) Go to the last screen where it shows the social lounges and tournament info. From there it will say welcome user. Go to edit form there you can change your name to whatever you like as long as it isn't taken.make a diff on or you cant srry!! alls ya can have is like your like e mail without the @yahoo.comIf you  have a yahoo email address already, you can create a new profile under that account that isn't the same name as the one on your email address.
Yeah, there's a tagalog word that matches, but the meaning is more like luxuriant or abundant rather than full.. . luxuriant adj. 1 growing thick and green: malago 2 producing abundantly: mabunga, hitik 3 abundant: masagana, sagana 4 rich in ornament: napakarangyai think it means full
the last one can't remember the name12 so far. Haven't made it to the last level yet but I don't play it all that much.
Maybe you're using someone elses user name.I'd go with change your account password so they cant get into it anymore.i would create a new account similar to the other one. Make sure that you have hard passwords picked. I would also change the password on the other account too. I would also block any cookies from being downloaded on my computer.contact the webmaster
if the white ball gets pocketed (sunk) then you forfeit your turn.  The next player gets to choose where to place the white ball, as long as it is behind the white link.. . Some people also play the following rule:  If the white ball is right up against the edge of the table, then you are allowed to move it 2 inches away from the edge.  This is because it is hard to hit the ball when it is so close to the edge.when the other player scratches or fouls you click and drag the cue ball.place arrow on it click and hold and dragIf you shoot the cue ball into one of the pockets, it's considered as a scratch and then the other player has the right to move the cue ball where ever he wants to. Same thing for him/her.If you accidently shoot the white ball into the hole in your turn, then your opponent will get to move it.^^Well to start off with if you scratch or hit one of the other players balls in, then the other person can move the cue ball.  the way you pick it up is by clincking on it and placing it where you want.when you or the opponent hits the white ball inside the whole you automatically can move the white ball anywhere you want
???acutally bungie fixed that all the glitcher and modders have been banned if not they can no long use the sword jumps and stuff like thatThere is no actual way to cheat, but there is a way when you are playing online to always become the host and have a speed and health advantage.  This isn't exactly a cheat, but there are also superjumps in almost every map that give you a place to hide and snipe.
ooo i wana no too.  my lil 5yr old bro plays thattt game.. i always play it with himmThat is what I would like to know. All they give you is passwords. I've had it for less than a month, and have almost all passwords.
Like the previous posters said, it's the sound affects and the pretty colors.  I rarely gamble, but I do find casinos interesting.It's all the sounds going off, and the dingers dinging, people hear others win, and think "hey that could happen to me" and they keep playing, 99.99% of the time, you won't be one of them people hitting the big jackpots, but its sometimes nice to be there when it is hit, to watch there reactions.It is the bells and whistles that make it so addictive, have you ever noticed that when someone's machine goes off everyone around stares in awe?? Well that is when people then start dropping more and more money in their machine to see if they are next, But in fact it is the indian nation who is in fact making the big bucks.... but oh well who knows and cares... everything in life is addicting from sex, drugs, alcohol and even gambling...
Since the lottery is almost completely random I think you still got a shot.  Playing the same numbers all the time increases your chance then if you play random numbers.you always can`t win everything you need to lose sometime.ok don`t think your allthat if you win.if you lose don`t think your a loser ok.that should anser everything.That depends on the lottery.the odd are very high.If i was you i would stay away form playing the lottery, you will lose more money then you've gained.i dont think so, because if you did win, you know that your whole family would spend more time with you and everything seems good, but they do it for the money, your relationships change too!!!. believe me u don't need to win the lottery!!!The Law of Independent Trials.  Your next shot at winning the lottery is exactly the same as your first shot.  I think someone calculated that in many lotteries one's chance of getting struck by lighting twice is better than winning the lottery?  I look at it as a buck to dream, once in a while.No, the near win has nothing to do with it. The odds of winning the lottery are millions to one. It is more likely that an asteroid will land on your head than winning the lottery.Lets just say it was a close shotnoThe fact is that in the long run you will lose more money than you win, on average, when playing against the house such as in a lottery.. . What you should do if you like to gamble is pick up a game like poker, where you play against other human beings. Then only part of the game is luck, whereas a significant part is skill. Therefore there are players who consistently win big money.. . If you want to try poker I can recommend http://www.xbet.com where you can play for free, then later when you're good enough to play for real money I suggest you find another site through http://www.rakemeback.se. . Good Luck!
because they are uneducated about the fact that beyond a cultural difference lies a human being, same as they are, same color blood, same structural type, all with brains, and a heart! They just can't see past what's in front of them!. And they are just plain rude!They are intolerant and ignorant. In short it is because they are part of the problem, part of the reason we don't have peace in our world yet.there idiotsbecause maybe their afraid or steriotypicalBecause people are ignorant. That's all.stupidity!! They do it with differant religions too.Because they are jerks.  I don't understand racism at all.  A different skin-color doesn't change the fact that they are human too.  I just don't get it.  :(. . --JEWho knows. Maybe they're aliens, speaking badly about humans in general. No matter what, though, it's wrong. Definently. Don't people have a guilty consience?Ignorance = non educated"derogatory" or "deroggatory"  And they do it because they can...........because they are rude and inconsiderateCause they are buttholes,This is a problem that dates back generations.  People learn these patterns from their parents.  Monkey see, monkey do.  The only way to stop this is to teach parents to break the pattern they are teaching their children.Because they can get away with it. Welcome to the world of anonymous communication.like what?I hate it when I see that.  Some people are so ignorant.Are you serious? I haven't noticed that yet, but whoever does should be ashamed, and get a little more respect for other people. Instead of trying to make people feel bad, or be funny. Thats just rude.
i'm hiding from the football... today apparentely the team from my country has to play their first match and now there is no safe place anymore anywhere in the city.. AAAARGH!!! PLEASE, MAKE THEM LOOSE!ive just woke up from a 48 hour bender, just chilling out watchin the football. I aint sad im just tiredGood question. I am sitting here in South East London on Y A, and outside it is a beautiful sunny day!! . . But inside I am feeling sad because things are going badly wrong in my relationship....which made me drink too much wine....and I woke up with a hangover....and even my cat has had enough!!. . I guess maybe there are a lot of other people out there with similar things going on.....it's good to come on this site and when I answer questions I feel like maybe I am being of help to someone, so it makes me feel a bit better. It stops me from dwelling on my own naval quite so much!!!. . I know that this is just a phase in my life and things will get better, especially if I put some energy into making some positive changes.. . And... now I've answered your question, I am going to go and eat some lunch, take a lovely refreshing shower, zingingly clean my teeth and spray on some french perfume....put on a pretty dress, hug the cat and go for a walk!!!. . So your question got me out and about!I think the real question here is 'why on earth is this in 'Video And Online Games'?'. . Wouldn't you agree?. . And before you start shooting your mouth off that we're all sad, you seem to be the sad one, for actually starting this topic. . . Thanks for the two points.. . Have a nice day.. . Ben. :Dim not sadI'm not sad. But i don't have anything else to do. That's why i'm sitting here. It's a good pastime.ohhhhhh shut the hell up u r on here arnt u duhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!I know. Everyone on here is soooooooo lame. Wait..that's me..and you too!!!!!!! Ahhhhhhh!!!as your  on here  does that make you really  sad   ,  and   do  lots     so why  you  on  and  not doing  something  else .........I'm  happy to  answer  your  question  .....if being on here is so sad then why are you?I'm not sad....I'm just waiting for the rest of my family to wake up.I'll go out when you do.... . . . . . ...have you gone yet?. . .    Ok- I'm off!were not sad were tiredi've been out since tuesday and my little body needs a rest, between funerals and football i've had enough
I didnt really have a favorite,but I did really like the Christmas barbies...........I STILL DO!!!!My favorite barbie was Ken because I thought He was cutei loved the ceap baries that came with a few outfits and acceceries, i always ran out of shoes, but i realy wanted a vet barbie and the barbie mobile home, i got a rip off of the mobile home and i lost all respect for barbie before i got the vet oneDude, when I was little , I tortured my barbies.I loved my ballerina Barbie because she had a crown stuck on her head.  Because of the crown, she got to be the "queen" of my barbies.  When I had a friend over to play Barbies, my queen would get to boss my friend's Barbie around.  She was married to my Donny Osmond Barbie, and constantly gave him grief for wearing those rediculous purple socks.  Here is a picture of her.... http://cgi.ebay.com.au/VINTAGE-BALLERINA-BARBIE-in-SNOWFLAKE-FAIRY-OUTFIT_W0QQitemZ6023418489QQcategoryZ250QQcmdZViewItemmy fave. barbie was barbie herself. i thought that i could grow up to be the black barbie.i liked all of them but i really like the ballerina oneMine was the spongebob barbie since i loved spongebob when i was younger! LolMy favorite Barbie was my Peaches and Cream...way back in the 80s!  UGH!  LOL!My favorite one was the barbie grand hotel and the red convertiable. My favorite barbie was the nutcracker barbieMy favorite barbie was my mermaid one!!! i always used to pretend i was a merimaid too and i would try to dress up as one in some of my mom`s old sundresses... i still have it in my room =]yes, they were my favorate. I think casue they have so many detalies: apartments, clothes, dishes ect.I owned one of the first barbie dolls, I wish I still had it, it's worth a lot of money now.I liked the one that was flexible i still have it somewhere in the garageWell i liked all the barbies, but by 3rd grade i grew out of it, and now i just think all sorts are silly.  BUt when i wuz 5 yrs, my favorite one wuz this soccer one i had.I liked the beach one's. I had a blue convertible mustang with a beach house. It was totally awesome.Kissing Barbie.  She had a button in back that when pushed, would make Barbie's lips purse.  She also came with lipstick.  Mine made a weird squeeking noise.
It's another word for happy.. . "It's a gay day". . HaA very happy person who does what they like and don't care what society dictates. They happily sleep with members of the same sex... . . Strange, but true.gay has 3 meanings:. 1-happy. 2-gross. 3-2men loving each otherThe person who is asking this question.The term "gay" used to mean happy.  Now it primarily means homosexual.it depends.... gay can mean, happy or jolly.... . otherwise, gay means homosexual...Nowadays it means being homosexual, as I'm sure you know. In the old days it meant being happy. Queer also meant that something was strange, but over the years the meanings of these words has changed. Just like the word c u n t. (It got censored and it's not a bad word) Now it means something bad (Can't remember what) but in the old days it was something good. I think that it had to deal with some sort of magical property.-------------If you look it up, it says,"Gothgal's Brother" Its true!+Someone sexually attracted to members of the same sex. By the way, how old are you? 8?nowadays its homosexual but it can also mean being happyhappy and homo sexual for boysDepends on who you are talking to and in what time period reference.  Gay once meant Married.  At another time it meant happy.  Now it means Homosexual.  Like many words, it has changed over the years greatly.It used to mean happy/joyful.  Now, it's homosexuality.  (Assuming you wanted a definition.)It used to mean happy, now it means a preference of the same sex or the opposite sex.Gay formerly meant...HAPPY...now it means...you prefer the same gender you are for sex.  Formerly medical libraries had shelf after shelf of Journal of Homosexual Abnormality.  When psychiatrists organizations were run by homosexuals that all was discarded as new diagnoses like Adult Hyperactivity...(nervous can't concentrate) was made into a disease. The latest creation is Intermittant Explosive Temper Disorder or I'm sick and went BERSERK disorder.  But lately you're "normal" if you avoid the opposite sex, do not want to marry have sex and procreate.  You can even change your name to "Sissyfag" but that's "normal" at least to psychiatrist since about 1990 or so when the medical library had the aformentioned tons of books about homosexuality being abnormal.the english word in the dictionary after the word gax. LOLYou"Final Fight" is the gayest game ever (you asked the question in the video game section so I assume this is what you wanted to know)the band montgomery and gentryDo you mean someone who is happy or someone who is homosexual?Traditionally the term "gay" was used to mean happy.... . . Modern day - it means that if a person is gay, then they are attracted to people of the same sex.your mom[1]  THE ORIGINAL MEANING FOR THIS WORD IS BEING HAPPY AND CONTENT WITH LIFE.. . [2]  ACCRONYM FOR: GOOD AS YOU. ADOPTED BY THE HOMOSEXUAL COMMUNITY ABOUT 30 YEARS AGO.it means happy but is also the term for homosexuals.. t
Well, you put your question in amusement parks, so that is something to do this summer.  Other things might be:  swim, play tennis or golf, water ski, practice your soccer or lacrosse techniques, read, write poems, paint pictures, ride your bike, drive across the US, go fishing, go camping, go to a carnival, go to the beach, go to the lake, walk, ride go-carts, suntan, mow the lawn, paint the fence, stain the deck, mulch the gardens, go to the demolition derby, go to the stock car races, go to all the movie matinees. research the constellations and find them in the night ski, make a bug collection, volunteer at the old folks home.stay inside with the AC on, and chill!there is tons of things to do in the summer. like you can go to the beach. or you can go to the pool. or even go a walk in the park or take a picnic! and most of the time you go to asuments parks!friends, party,, camping, swimming,,,parks.....outside.... basically get out of the house  lolGrow a gardenu can go 2 King Island in Cincinnati u can also go 2  Geuga Lakego to a water themed amusement park, since it's gonna get really, really hot...you could go to a water park like hurricane harbor, knotts soak city..or u can go to the pool to get wet!GO TO AN AMUSEMENT PARK, OR TAKE A DAY AT THE BEACHswim, tan, relax, bbq, party w/friendsSwim
well may be u need someone else to playIf you're playing for real money, there is less chance that you can cheat (in case a friend, etc. is playing at the same table as you).  Although there are many other ways people find to cheat at card games on-line, Yahoo at least tries to avoid this problem by not letting you IM someone.
Moth ballstake a shot gun and kill themuse alka seltzer they blow up in the insidesMouse Away Pouch  See this site.  They are reasonably priced.Line the box with hardware cloth, its basically a screen type cloth, made of metal. They cannot chew through it. Also, put moth balls around the heater box, the smell keeps out most vermin.What?!! Oh that poor mouse! Aww!! I'm sorry sweetie but it's so sad!! *starting to cry*
both fables are great. the upside of the lost chapters is it has additional missions/story at the end of the original fable. i've played fable in the pc and it has the lost chapters in it and it was an awesome game.I have only played the original...but my friend just bought the new one..and i'm jealous. *laughs*. . there's another story line at the end and a lot more content. It's also cheaper than the original one was and it's on pc.. . I would totally buy the new version...if i was interested in fable anymore. *smiles and wanders off*
Pokemon chaos Black is a pokemon fire red game that has been . "hacked" that means changed to an even better game and u need an emulator to play it if u search for it u can find out more but it is just make up players same story line made up pokemon made up by people who r bored with the regular game.seriously mate any thing to do with pokemon is fuckin fuckin demented but i think its the pokemon think to do with dark pokemon like gastly or is that what i said when i saw ya mumwhat is pokemon chaos blacknot or never out.... rumor...Chaos Black was the project name for Gale Of Darkness.. . It is not the next in the series of Pokemon, this is Diamond/Pearl, and will be for the DS, rumours have speculated on whether it will feature online battles on Nintendo WFC though.I got it for my emulator, and it is just fucking dumb.i can send it to anyone who wants it but you need an emulator, but i can send you that 2.
I would get it a a flea market like salvation army (In R.I.).  I would not get it a a game retailer like EB Games or Gamespot, they are more expensive because they do not get them often.  Don't worry about them being broken they are much more durable than modern video game systems.  Games are also cheap at these places.Game stop, software etc, rino games, eb games,ummmm thats all I knowI actually have a super nintendo (and a lot of games) that i'm want to sell...it works perfectly, if you're interested.ebay. No other store sells them unless you look on the Internet.Check smaller game stores. Usually stores like Gamespot will have them but it's usually hit or miss. Forget the EB Games and bigger stores because there's no profit from selling the games and systems.try car boot sales or charity shopsTry a thrift store or a flea market.I bought one at a video rental store, check around. Or those stores that buy/sell used games, music, movies.you're just on a question rampage, aren't u?  i would actually just go to a small privately owned store (like CD World here in ID) that sells that kind of stuff.  do not go to a chain, as they will rip you off.I still have my old SNES.  I have a few games but I'm still looking for some.  I've found them in some Game stores.  I've seen a few in EB games and you can find them at flea markets and on EBayI think Electronics Boutique sells older systems for cheap. Doubt they'd have any thing resembling a warranty on them but, if I recall correctly, the systems usually go for dirt cheap so if they break you're not out a large sum of money.radeo shaq that were i got mineEBAY!! For really cheap!my grandmas house
Once you reach the last area in The World that never was in which no battles occur, you have the ability to obtain the Final Form. The final form occurs just like anti-form does, in that it occurs randomly when you transform to another form, except this time you can select final form on the menu once you obtain it. You must transform while in battle and must also have at least 5 drive bars on your gauge. Everytime you transform and final form is not obtained you chances for reaching this form increase exponentially. Now once you obtain Final Form, you recieve one experience point for every Nobody you kill while in the Final Form. A good place to level up is Twighlight town where there is an abundance of low level Nobodies. When you level up the form to level 3 you obtain the glide ability outside of battle and it increases it's power at levels 5 and 7.That is how you get glide in Kingdom Hearts 2.final form my friend. and kill nobodies in the world that never was, make sure you are also near a save point so you can level up fasteru need to get final form first and lvl final form up by killing nobodiesWhat the dude above says is correct, adn the best places to level up your Final Form are in Twilight Town and The World That Never Was.  On top of that, if you get your Final Form up to Level 7 you get a cool Glide Level 3.  With this level you can never hit the ground as long as the ground remains level(like if you are on flat ground and you try to glide onto a slope when you are very close to the ground, the glide will cease).
well to tell ya the truth, xboxes r jux anotha way to make money, They get starz and sportz playaz to maske commercials to make peepz buy diz shyt!Do you have anything covering the fan?  Is it getting too hot in a small space?  Sounds like it might be worth taking back, but make sure you check this web site first.. . http://support.microsoft.com/kb/818358/en-us. http://www.xbox.com/en-US/support/Yes!  The Xbox 360 out right now it s beta version.  Microsoft does not want people to know that.  They will collect all the bug and error messages and fix them before releasing the real version.  I know it sucks but the real version is when the price drops for the first timeI have no idea, but  what I do know is that it gets on my nerves!! If you have just brought yours, then I would suggest that you return it.Mine doesn't freeze except when I'm online.  Thats probably just something wrong with the server- nothing you can do.  If you're freezing offline, you need to get that xbox checked.http://www.xbox.com/en-us/support/...Because Microsoft rushed the launch without testing their console. In other words its deffective and you probably have to buy another one, but if i was you I d buy a ps3.cause its tired of going around in circles..!:)take that peice of crap turn it sidways and stick it straight up your candy assssssssRETURN ITI don't know why people are in such a rush to buy the new thing. This is a perfect example. Of all new game systems that come out, the first run of the products usually have flaws in them. Yes you should return it, and hopefully they will give you one that is newer off of the assembly line, because the errors that happened when they first released them should be corrected. I'm waiting till much later this year before I think about getting them.I hope that it's only yours, and that you can return or exchange it.  For $400, it should not be freezing.  Good luck on an exchange.I dont have one and havnt used one before but I heard it has alot of problems. I think the product itself has alot of glitches. Its not really a great product.it has a lot of bugs that they didnt fix. thats cuz they wanted to release it in time for christmasMICRO$OFTIt overheats. No don't return it, just get better cooling for the power supply/brick.maybe yours doesnt workbecuz its another shitty upgrade for moneyNO!! dont ever get rid of ur 360 it will be the biggest mistake. just ring up customer services they will help they might even replace it
It's called broomstick lace. Just enter this into a search engine and it will show you how it is done.. They now make a huge needle for this.. Hope this helps.. MaryI'm sitting here trying to figure out how she'd be able to do that.  A stick?  Like from a tree?  To crochet, the "stick" has to have a hook on the end to grab the yarn.  If you take 2 sticks, you could, conceivably knit.  But I just don't see how you could crochet.Its probably something called 'finger crochet' or 'finger knit'.  Sometimes women do it by wrapping yarn around the fingers and working it that way. I imagine the broom handle is the same type of thing, just without using fingers. Look at this link about finger knitting. . . http://www.waldorfhomeschoolers.com/fingerknit.htm
