It would be my suggestion, to hire an appraiser or use the services of a local broker.Call a local real estate professional.  They will be able to help you.My home in tinley park illinois is for sale by owner.  We had a professional appraisal before starting anything. Maybe you could do the same.
Perhaps a local escrow company can assist by you giving them the address. Call the customer service desk. Once you give the address, you should be able to get the assessor parcel number APN and then you can identify by the block and lot.. . A friendly broker may als be able to assist.Search the property appraiser website and type in the address. That should find the persons name and you can find the full legal description from that persons name.You can go to your local city hall or town hall and ask for a field card on that address and on that card it will tell you the block and lot number.
Offer lower rent for the first six months.  Any money is better than no money.Many cities have apartment hunting services that are free for those looking for an apartment.  As a leaser, you could pay one of these services to try to rent your apartment for you.Offer a "no security deposit" option, or offer to spread the security deposit over several months.We are selling and our new house wont be ready in time so we have to rent in between.  Maybe offer short term leases for people like us looking for short term rentals.  THEY ARE VERY HARD TO FIND!!!The best way to do it is to advertise your property on the web. Include as many information as you can and a picture. Will be much better if you chose a site that cover the whole world. There are many that are free, like: www.bGlocal.com. . Good luck!
bring it to a thrift shop, that buys used clothing or puts it on consignment. or make a donation to a charitable institution, or religious organization, and get a letter of donation value from them, and use it as a tax deduction...or try selling on e-bay and break it down by groups.If using ebay is too time consuming for you, I suggest you separate the clothing into sizes and offer them for sale on craigs list.  As an Ebay seller for plus sized clothing, I have found a bit of my merchandise on Craigslist.
International Tuba Euphonium Association: Officially founded in 1973 as the Tubists Universal Brotherhood Association, ITEA is dedicated to promoting and advancing the tuba and euphonium instruments. The organization comprises performers, educators, students, and amateurs of all backgrounds. As a non-profit organization, it is supported by membership dues and donations.A guy I went to high school with has devoted his life to the euphonium.  He has written a book(s?) and done extensive study.. http://www.euphoniumunlimited.com
Radiologic technologists and technicians take x rays and administer nonradioactive materials into patients' bloodstreams for diagnostic purposes. Some specialize in diagnostic imaging technologies, such as computerized tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI).It is a person who works at either a hospital or clinic that runs the X-ray machine. They place the patient on the table and orient the injured body part to make the best X-ray photo (to see the injury).. They also are in charge of developement of the photo.
Call the local insurance companies listed in the phone book. Or if you don't want local companies, use the search linked below.Call 1(479)782-4466. Toll Free: 1-888-204-0003. . Located in Fort Smith, just across the River. I'm sure you could call and get a quote over the phone!
maybe if the always used one breaks at least there will be another. (i dout it but it makes sence)i have no clue problaby because they dont like getting too much air in their stores and stuff.the other one that you don't use is for outi dont kno, buh that is really wierd.
This is a small industry in Little Rock.  I recommend that you look on the Aristotle.net website or call them directly for a recommendation.  They know that industry well.I don't now if the type of job you're looking for will be posted in the classifieds, but you can try the largest newspaper in the area, The Arkansas Democrat Gazette.  They list their classifieds online.
sell a buch of junk around your house on EBAY!!!!!!!!!!start your own business
where?Are you talking drivers licence for work commute after driver suspension ? If so a lawyer and about 2 grand will do it.I don't think you do.  It's rather hard to get admitted to the Florida bar.Apply for te taxes
Do you think it is an ex-employer? If so, what I would do is have a friend of yours act like a potiental employer and call to verfy employment on you and see what they say.I'm sorry, but I don't think anyone here at Yahoo Answers can help you with that.
Definitions of Company Profile:. . # A synopsis of a company´s performance in the state of Texas. Includes licensing data, a rating provided by AM Best Company, financial information regarding the company´s assets and liabilities, complaint history and a record of the companies activities as it pertains to the interests it has in Texas.. . # A Company Profile corresponds to a file with company-specific data. Travel guidelines or company data can be stored there and included in a booking when needed.Just the same as a personal profile. What kind of person you are, how you take on new tasks, how good you perform.......
Broad subject, it encompasses much and can be complex depending on the industry.. . Here are a couple of links to research and get you going. . I like the Corporate Strategy model - best one I've seen so far.There are many different interpretations (meanings) of corporate strategy. It's basically what a company has to do to get and stay ahead.. . Of course it's better that you read it for yourself. Sounds like a textbook question. Isn't the answer in the chapter that question belongs to?. . Anywho, here's a link
I'm not sure what you are asking. But there is a Snoopy's Home Ice at 1667 W. Steele Lane, Santa Rosa. Phone number is 707-546-7147."Snoopy's Home Ice" is in Santa Rosa because the creator of Peanuts and Snoopy, Charles Shultz, has been based in Northern California since 1958.
My grandma used to say, "Never time to do it right, but always time to do it over."  Problem is, too many people only heed the first part, and do things half-baked.Wow, you've had a run of bad luck.  I never have those problems.  I guess I'm luckier than I thought.this reminds me "the pink panther syndrome", you know he had his own cloud raining down only on his head. and the bonus track is "why does it always rain on me" by travis. . (but it's not only you!!)Because any time you are in a hurry, something will delay you. So instead of the drive thru to save time (which it doesn't when you have to go back) just go inside then you can check your order before you leave. When at the store, watch as they sacker puts everything in the bag, don't turn to walk out until you are sure you have your entire order. The phone thing, well you just have to be sure you have plenty of time to complete the call regardless of how long your on hold. It sounds silly, but to save time, spend a little time.Because I'm never satisfied with the way I did it the first time.
Well, remember that if your daugther really wants to do something, you just have to encourage her and give her ideas, you can't do it for her, so let her find things out by her own. . You can't avoid that she migth find untrusting people, she migth find obstacles, but that's just part of her  formation. Just try to be behind her, backing her up. . Anyway, i would believe there must be some groups that she migth join to do the volunteer service, she can talk about it with some autorithy to get ideas, or maybe you can investigate in the church you belong.She should present her idea to your county or mayor and see what he thinks. If he likes what he sees he may give her a certificate or a token to show of his approval, that way people will take it seriously.
No need to. Just buy an ordinary one and break its legs.They're available from the site linked below.
Assumable mortgage is one that someone else can take over the payment on it.  Benefit of an assumable mortgage is that the person buying it from you will not have to go qualify for a mortgage.A mortgage you take over.  Contact a real estate agent or bank.
Used oil is typically run through old refineries that are set up to process it as there are many polutants in the oil.. . Properly processed, fine for all applications.. . Though not legal because of polution laws small amounts mixed in diesel fuel will burn. Tends to damage engine over time.If the first answer is not what you need, ask again and be more specific about the information you're seeking.
You can list it in the real estate classified or post signs near the condo with your phone numbers.  It works for renting house, so selling should be similar.Put it in newspaper!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is this a Minnesota state tax form? Or some other jurisdiction?  You may need to ask again.Many forms can be downloaded from http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/leaflets/menu.htm
go to cicero town hall and they can help you there. good luck!You could probably talk to Rocky Infelise. Just kidding. Try the town hall.
On most briefcase combination locks, if you hold the release catch as if you are opening it, and then spin one dial, the lock will open if it reaches the correct combination.  A 3 digit lock only realy has 100 different combinations and can be opened in under 2 mins.  So it doesn't really matter what the combination is.By putting preasure on the latch and turning the dails one at a time until you feel the dial hesitate you should be able to open the briefcase
its like you have just moved to Canada right??. everyone who have just moved to Canada will face some problems, its ok by time you will be fine.. don't worry, first you will have no problem in making new frineds because there are many Iranians in Canada.. If you are facing a problem with the Canadian traditions then you don't have to follow them, nobody will blame you.. if you are facing problems in English language then go to an English classes, watch English TV programs, Chat online or use yahoo answers to improve your English, and finally talk to native Americans.. . Ihope thats helpful for youoh, Canada wouldnt be problem because they're friendly and harmony people... American has lot of Racist so try avoid stupid people... if u ask how u get there, I dont know, u could go through europe or Africa to Cananda.
Foreign Exchange. Deals with conversion of your currency to other international currencies.i don't know :(FOREX TRADING. FOREX ECONOMIC TIMES. FOREIGN EXCHANGE. LOTS MORE JUST SEARCH IN ANY SEARCH ENGINE AND GET THE DETAILSits meexchange of another nation currency
You can network any job or you can cold call.  One thing for sure you will never get the job if you don't ask for it.The short answer, you can't.  All the executive positions are spoken for.  Thogh some cold calling certainly wouldn't kill you, I wouldn't hold out much hope.
tell your human resources manager, she will contact the corporate offices(or whoever would handle this)and they will reissue the check.  Unless of course, you've already cashed it.ask then to make a new paycheck and cancel the lost oneTry to build one out of wood and some of the mateials they have there.  Use the power tools they have to grind down the wood to thin paper.  Then use the sanders until you can feel the wood is as thin as paper.  . . Go to the paint department and paint the letters and numbers you need on the paper.  Have your supervisor sighn yoiur paperwork and Bingo!  You have a new check from Home Depot!
first qualification: the ability to interview for, and land a job. . second qualification: the ability to climb stairs or ride in an elevator.. . end of messagejust wear a real low cut shirt and flaunt your goods.  san jose is notorious for that kind of upward mobility, just beware the pubes on your coke!
you can go to trade school or an associates at a local college. Then check out your local union...IBEW. Theyre cool guys and can help you out from there.Most (I think) electricians get their job through the union.  Maybe I think that because for so many years my dad was a "tramp" electrician who worked temporarily for contractors with big jobs like hydroelectric dams, missile bases, nuclear test sites.  Others, I'm sure, are regular employees of local contractors.  Try visiting your local union hall and asking.  International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers.Factories, property management firms such as apartment of office owners, power companies at the generating plants, computer manufacturers, and electrical contractors.  Contact your local electrical licensing bureau.
The previous answer is most likely correct. this a great idea for a business. I would like to find someone like you in my area. Good luckApply for a County and/or City Occupational License.  If you live in the City, you will need to apply for both.  If you want to file for a Sales and Use tax number, you just need to contact your local Florida Department of Revenue.
Many of them are left their original color, just with the signs taken down/covered up.  Not sure what you're talking about.Never seen one do that. They're probably just trying to hide what it originally was.
If you already have products, then you can goto your local printer. It is expensive to start it up, i checked into it, and (at least here) its $1000 just for a set up fee, then the $ for the printing itself after that.  so unless you are sure its something you want to do and that it will be proffitable for you, then get someone else catalog thats already printed and order through them.I have a catalog available with over 2000 products in it that are sure to turn on any vendor you show it to!  Contact me for information about how I can get it into your hands!  Why do the work of searching for a catalog to be made when one has already been made?
u could ask the owner to sign an eviction notice then u could serve it. If there is a restraining order then all u need to do is take that order to the police station and tell them that is his house and she has no right to be there. It will also help if u have ur brother write a note.take her to court, make sure to have facts - documentation - that proves that she is violating a restraining order by entering the premises.  A copy of the restraining order (or whatever order was issued that bans her from the property) and evidence (dates/times) of her entry would be helpful.
They Vary state to state. I suggest you log on to the Department of Labor.. . http://www.dol.gov/15 minutes every consecutive 6 hours in NYThat depends on where you live.  Look for the employment legislation for your state/province online - they will outline all the details on break times.15 minuets i believe n california its 3 to 4 times a day at the max wait i thin its 3 15 minute  breaks come to think of it and half or full hour for lunch whether they like it or not if out of california look up labor law
Go to http://www.360.yahoo.com2 pointsBEWARE!!! Virtually everyone is having PROBLEMS with all the new Yahoo offerings and Betas. *ASK* before you lose a WORKING service and can't manage to go back!It should upgrade on it's ownno clue i wanted to know also
Bingo are usually reserved for non-profit and churches.  Most individual or private business cannot run a bingo business.  Check with your City Clerk on the ability for you to run a bingo business.find a black neighborhood, then find a piggly wiggly that has went out of business in that neighborhood, clean up the building doesn't have to be spotless, put one of the portable pop-corn makers, lots vending machine filled primarily with Hawian Punch and other juices, very important no dark colored sodas.  add a small deli, that main sells nachos, burgers, ribs and chopped beef. get you a bingo ball roller with a bingo electronic billboard.  that's about it. add a atm machine.
yes you should right away but the first thing you must do is quit the job that is ridiculous and I must say!!That's really sad. If they are having financial problems to the point where they can't pay their labor??? You won't be there too long before they start laying people off!Inform the FBI and a collection agency.. Or you can take the company to court.
Usually you have to start working construction, join the union, and then make an inquiry with your union for training. Then you MIGHT be selected as a candidate. You can also take classes at community colleges.Contact Shoreview Electric in Clinton Twp or other Electric companys and inquire about the open positions there!!!
i would guess some kind of moisture in the walls that you are not aware of.  happened to a friend of mine, where water was getting into the walls due to rain, and they simply didn't know about it.  also, depending on the age of the house...maybe it's simply due to age and a bad job like you said.If it occurs on the outside walls, it may be because there is no vapor barrier between the drywall and the studs.  Condensation will form on the back of the drywall as the cold air from outside meets with the warm wallboard inside.  However, it sounds more like the taper did a poor job.  If you don't mud before putting paper tape on the joint, then as a house breathes and settles the tape will pop off the wall.  This will happen especially on outside walls.  My guess, without being able to look at it, is it possibly a combination of both.  Hope this helps.Settling is probably the best guess.  If you don't have good support, the slightest settling will cause the tape joints to pucker.  If you have painted recently, it could be bad adhesion of the paint.  (Usually because of wallpaper underneath.)the only thing that makes sence is moisture of some kind.  Just because you see nothing leaking visibly and don't feel condensation on the outside of the wall doesn't mean there isn't leaking or condensation on the inside of the wall.  Get a good home inspector to come out and they can help you.
I totally feel your pain. I just hold my tongue and try to smile and count the days till i'm not working there anymore....but unless you are planning on quitting like me, i don't think that will help. Try going to a happy place in your mind everytime they start to annoy....that way you can ignore them and smile :)Depends on if you're working 'with' or 'for' him/her.  Ask yourself this question.  Who owns this problem?  Have I made sure I am not the annoying one? If I have done that footwork, is my pay worth putting up with being annoyed for a mere 8 hours per day?  How long do I intend to work for and/or graciously accept this person's annoying behavior?  Can I learn to live with it?  Do I feel like going postal at any time and if so, would I be dangerous to myself and others?  LOL!  Just kidding on that one. Could this person have me fired for disagreeing with his/her annoying behavior?  Do I want to keep this job because I like it here?  Would it be worth it to move on and try to find a coworker/supervisor that won't drive me crazy?  If I do find a new job, how much satisfaction will I get out of taking my previous coworker out for an expensive lunch, excusing myself to the restroom and just leaving...him/her with the tab?  You did order the Duckling under Glass, right?  LOL!find out what annoys him/her and make sure u dont do that. either work on that, or tell them they are annoying.Kick em in the nuts!!!!! :-)Two ways : 1) work your ass off, that Higher management notice your performances, then either take over your supervisor's work, or ask to be transferred.   2) get a new jobDoes he/she only annoy you or annoy everyone else? If it's a generally-felt thing then perhaps it's just his/her working style which doesn't suit your company culture. Maybe your supervisor doesn't even know that he/she is annoying people. Then again he/she could be justified in being annoying because you don't fulfill expectations. Sit down and have a chat with your supervisor, tell him/her about what annoys you (like if he/she is giving you too much work, or is frequently dissatisfied with your work) and ask if you could do anything to improve.Even though you may think you're not in the wrong, it doesn't hurt to be humble to get the results you want. If your workload is too much, suggest ways that you can get the job done in shorter time with lesser mistakes. Remember that your supervisor is human. He/she might also be under pressure by higher management to achieve results. Just apply a little diplomacy and tact and know what you want. Be forthright but constructive in your discussion with him/her. Good luck.
call the telephone company and tell them you want a unlisted numberYou'd have to contact your phone company. Where I am, they charge a nominal fee, monthly, for this service but it sure beats having all those telemarketers call you. :)where are u. in which country u are livingrip the page out...i work for a large telecommunications company and we charge $2.93 per month for an unlisted number.obviously anyone who had this number will have it already so you will also require a change of number for it to be most effective this can generally be done for free in the case of nuisance calls.Also just a tip on those telemarketing calls:call register on the ADMA do not contact list at adma.com.au/dnc  cheers!
If possible, promise free advertising. Even something like a special Thank You in the local newspaper makes the company look good, and gets you the donation.lord thylen says: you want them to feel guilty about not donating. give a bum some money and get him to donate so they like mang! poor guy giving but i cant! thats pathetic!
Find a location, get a loan, and get a business license. You should also have your suppliers worked out, etc. BEFORE getting the loan. It makes it easier to get start up money.Sure, you could invest alot of money trying to start a traditional business, but it would be better cheaper to start a home based business!  Check out my website below and if you want more info, you can request it there!
I stripped my kitchen floor with ammonia. Do NOT mix with bleach because it can cause toxic fumes. Mix the ammonia with water, do an area, let it sit for a few then mop it up. It works great and very cost effective.Heavy Duty Wax & Floor Finish Stripper . Pour N' Peel is the most effective labor saving stripper ever developed. Virtually eliminates the need for floor machines, pads, and rinsing. It will solubilize aged and built-up finishes and waxes almost instantly.You have to get stripper solution which you mop onto the old wax. Once it does it's thang rent a buffing machine or scrap off all the old wax by hand. Once that is done it's pretty easy. Just follow the directions on the wax bottle. You may need a few coats.
It can become addictive.  You could win big, but you can also lose big.. . I've heard of some people making good money from gambling, but most casinos know of those people and bar them from playing.eventually you looseIt can be if you learn to card count.  The Glamour January issue has an article about a woman who earned $80,000 in one night.  She works as part of a special team of card counters.  She said it can be a lonely existence and the people who do it often become hardened and without emotional ties.  Also of course there's always the possibility that one could become addicted to gambling.  That's a psychological problem.  So, if you have the kind of mind that can learn to count cards and the kind of personality that can cope with the lifestyle and are able to get out before it gets you -- a lot of "ifs" -- it can be a good way to make a living.  (Then there's always poker, etc.  another  kind of skill.)I guess, becoz it depends greatly to your luck...and you can not always rely only on your luck...Simple   it is a GAMBLE
Which one is nearest to your home?  If there are a bunch to choose from, ask a couple of people who have lived in the area for a while.Well, the main reason for me is the location.. . I Live in a small town, (small enough that the fire dept is all volunteer , but large enough to have DSL internet). . There is only 1 Dry cleaner here in my town,. It costs a little more than normal , (okay a lot more, $4.36 to clean my suit) compared to those $1.25-$1.50 places 20 miles away, but I would rather pay more to the local people to get my suit cleaned, then pay less than $2 to a dry cleaning that might miss the stains on my suit.. . I feel the phrase "You get what you pay for" comes in real handy in the drycleaning business too.For me, . 1 CUSTOMER SERVICE. 2 The price. 3 Quality of the service. 4 Location and the look of the store. . . I don't have a dry cleaner store but I pick Clean Depot. 1.99 for every garment. Customer service is good.. and located in a plaza that I have to pass by 2 other dry cleaners b4 i get to this place. . So that's me..The Price :)
be yourself. answer the questions as if your friend/someone close to you is asking it. be confident. remember there's nothing to worry about if you haven't done anything wrong.get your friends to make up as many questions as possible that can be expected in the interview. good luckwork for it.
If you are applying for a supervisory position then you should know the answer to this kind of question because a supervisor it suppose to know everything about the company and the products they are pushing out the door. I retired as a supervisor, was one for 5 years.Because I have years of experience in this field, and I have what it takes to build and lead a team.Have you been with the company for awhile?  If you have then they should know- but I would emphasise my accomplishments within the company and state that you are looking for a challenge.because I'm the best candidate for this job. I've got experience. I am well disciplined and I have the ability to make sure everyone does their work.1st answer.because you need me.  Then tell them why.If you've deferred the answer to this question until you can consult Yahoo Answers for advice... my strong prediction is that they have already decided not to offer you the job.Because I get along with people and I am good at what I do.  I am honest and dependable would help as well.. . You must remember that not all of the answers to this question will be the same.  But search your heart and find your own answer.That is primarily a psychology question, to analyze your state of mind.  If you are going to be a supervisor, you must be sure of yourself, and be able to make decisions and stick with them.  You can tell a lot about a person by what they say about themselves.I can be an asset to your company. I am responsible and hard working and will do an excellent job for you.
Hello Moto is an ad campaign for motorola phones, it is implying that motorola is the way to go, likes its the new in thing right now. If you goto the motorola site you will understandmotorolaMotorolaHi, . . Hello Moto is a common phrase used, at least in the UNITED KINGDOM my motorola electronics, to signify their phones.... . Cheers!!. Hope that helps!!It's A motrola phone (mobile phone). Or there is a tone of Hello Motoits an advertising thing from thephone company motorola-used worldwide in their advertising i do believe
common sense is refering to such things that is common, such as do not open a radiator cap when car is hot, or put your coat on its cold(im in indiana) things that the normal person begins learning from a young age and should know as an adult. Although we all go forgetting some of it until it is too late.Coomon sense is COMMON, it may not seem so to those who dont ahve any common sense, but its self explanatory.   Coommon Sense would tell you to duck if you were gonna hit your head, not to touh the hot stove, not to put paper in fire...things of that nature.
The Commercial Sales Award is a Victorian award that covers wages and conditions for sales type roles, for example telephone sales people in wholesales and retail trade. It was updated in November 2004.Not sure what it is in Victoria - but this site should be able to help you: http://www.wagenet.gov.au/WageNet/HomePage/HomePage.asp.
Go to the county courthouse that you originally applied in and ask for a copy. there may be a small fee butsince you have already received one they could wave it.From the government bureaucracy that issued it in the first place.  Request that they issue you a duplicate and pay the fee they charge for it.
Normally these have to be advertised. You need to find out which newspaper in Houston is the "paper of record," the one where bids are required to be published. It often is not a paper you have heard of. Check your local library, as they are likely to have it, or can at least tell you what it is and where to get it.Just bid and if you get it, THEN you find the construction project.  That's how non-fiction authors pitch books and get contracts - they sell the idea (in a short write-up), and only when they land a contract do they actually research and write.Various sources can be used but the planning/permits department records can be checked to see who has been seeking permission to build.. . Get yourself known with as many Architects as possible also as well as the big project management firms.  If you are looking to do sub contracting you will need to trawl the major contractors to make sure you are known to them.. . Time to get printing the promotional calendars :-)
Don't forget to be confident in yourself... and at the same time be sure to share with the interviewer your weaknesses.. often an employer will ask you "What would you say your weaknesses are?" A good response would include a smile and tell them "interviews!" They'll probably chuckle... (this might ease some tension) then of course go on to some real areas of opportunity ... remember to relax be yourself... be professional and show'em some charm :) They'll see you'll be a pleasure to work with and you'll have a higher chance of getting the position :)Go to your local Job Center and talk with one of their workers. They've got pamphlets that tell you how to dress for success, interviewing techniques and other such publications. These are all free and are a big help with the job you're seeking. <*)))><make sure your hair is done nicely,kinda simple. dress simple, now a days you don't have to dress up you can be business casual. look in the interviewer eyes at all times and keep a smile.Make sure you know a little bit about the company you're interviewing with.  Also, spend a little extra time on your resume and cover letter to make sure there are no spelling or grammatical errors.. . On the day of the interview, pick out your most professional looking clothes.  Nothing dirty, wrinkled, or smutty looking.  It's better to be a little overdressed than underdressed.. . Finally, in the interview, remember that they just want to know about you.  Try to be as relaxed as possible.  Maintain good eye contact, but don't stare at the interviewer.  Smile and be friendly.  That should help quite a bit.  . . Good luck!Well, are you right handed or left handed? Which ever you are (hypothetically right handed) then you should lift up your right foot about 3 or 4 inches from the floor. Then lean your weight forwards and place your right foot down. There, you have just put your "best foot forward".. Wishing you well,. PolarGirl8Do your homework!  Under the internet, check out sites that coach you for interviews.  Go the library or a bookstore and find books about winning a job interview.I just gave you the answer, go back to the first question.. . How to Talk to Anyone: 92 Little Tricks for Big Success in Relationships (Paperback). by Leil LowndesDress for success, look confident and make sure you practise possible questions before the big day.  Good luck!Hi, I would say we all know the "normal" things, like how to dress, do some research on the company, etc.... but, when I am anxious about anything, I invite God to accompany me, direct me, and guide me in all I say and do. I turn it over to him, and trust in his way.  Ask and you shall receive.
Muffin, . Try to re-estabish a connection with your com[p and your server.I must change my ID & Password
Sole proprietor is a single person running a business. A sole practitioner is a single professional (doctor, lawyer, etc.) running a business.A sole practitioner is a sole proprietor of a professional business (doctor, lawyer, etc.). A sole proprietorship is any business owned by someone if it is not a corporation, partnership or other artificial entity.
If you have her SSN you could run a credit check on her. Employment records would show up so long as she wasn't getting paid under the table. You could also search sites like Monster for her resume.This is probably something to be asking a lawyer.
go hereI believe this only pertains to personal numbers?  . . Correct me if I'm wrong....
At thier email address.. . My son had a hotmail and a yahoo email account, he was able to email me several times a week from over there.. . So merely have the person you want to contact have a email address they can check and then merley email them at that address.. . Depending on thier detail, how often they can get on a computerYou gotta get their email address.Just like father chuck said if htey had an email address b4 or even if you knew there email address for the military. it would be their first name.their middle name.their last name@the branch.us.mil so nif you know all that than your good to go.you can e-mail me . and i e-mail them
the easiest way to explain it is that its instant diversity in your portfolio. a company will buy a stock in like a hundred companies and then sell 100 shares of a diversified portfolio with a little piec of each companies stock in each share. so that if one stock drops it will not hurt you nearly as much. so they are a good thing but some charge a fee some do not it all depends on the company offering the mutual fund.A way to invest.You and lots of other people give them money, and they invest it in certain types of stocks, bonds and other investments.  they also do a lot of research into all of the investments.  In exchange for this, you pay them a fee.It is where a bunch of people go out and throw all their money into a big pile and let some person they don't know invest it for them in a mutual fund and then 50 years later you hope you didn't lose your a$$ on it . Same goes for stocks. Be aware and research it all !As the name Mutual Funds are funds which are invested through portfolio management in share market in top listed high quality equities mutually.There are options of taking low to high growth fund allocation but at the same time low growth also have low risk and high growth have high risk.
Can't you just let those things be seperate? I suppose you just have that Super Walmart mentalityIn my area and many others, you can't get a liquor license or run a restaurant at a place with full nudity.  Therefore, instead of being a traditional bar/restaurant, the establishments will open as private clubs without alcohol or "juice bars" to get around the strict requirements of liquor licensing.My first guess would be hygeine issues? Not sure though.Can't have your cake and eat it too. :p
In the transpiration industry..FSC=Fuel Surcharge Contractdo you mean SFC?. . Like in RBL Posse's "Bammer Weed" song - "Dont gimme no bammer weed - we don't somke that $hit in the SFC".. . SFC in this case means San Francisco County.. . Or I could be way off...FSC is the highest accreditation for sustainable timber. If a product is Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified, then you know that the wood that those products have been made from is from a sustainable and well-looked after forest.
It would be the same as "business casual".  You make sure you look decent if you have any chance of being in the publics eye, or the boss wants you looking decent for morale.. . It would include a button down shirt or blouse and usually slacks not jeans.  Best bet is to ask for clarification not take a risk.business caual is slacks/khakies, shirts or collared t-shirts, clothing like that. Stuff thats still respectable looking but  not full suits.i would say black trousers and a nice topThink Dockers and a shirt. No tie. Nice shoes, not sneakers.being smart and casual means how u carry urself in office!. for eg: 1) ur boss is visiting the office or a client has come! you make good or the best impression on them now thats smart!. 2)you are all tired and stressed out after a long days work but u still keep a smiling face and deal people nicely now thats casual!. GOT IT!. enjoy!not jeans but no tie, for men it can be a 3-button sports shirt and slacks like Dockers, for women slacks, dress or skirt, like you used to dress for the class of the professor you had a crush on, hence "smart" casual.thats a good question... trousers and shirt I think!!!No Smart casual meens no casual but not fromal. For example no jeans, track suit bottoms and vests. However not formal suits and perhaps tyes either. A smart pair of black trousers or skirt and perhaps a fitted t Shirt or thin knit would probably be suitable.Trousers, Short or long sleeve shirt without a tie. Shirt tucked in. Should wear a belt.company don't pay enough to expect that you'll dress up;
Wouldn't you have to program the machine.  Ask the company that sold you the machine.75 cents?!?!?!?!?!!?!? wtf?????????????? that is absolutley outrageous!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. use a piece of tape or something
take a good trait and make it seem like a weakness,  over consciencous, obsessive about details, dont take enuf time for myselfI always use the perfectionist angle.  Actually, in my case, it's true.  That way, they will say, "Your weakness almost sounds like a strength!"  Just tell them that you have found that when you control your tendency toward perfectionism, it aids you greatly in your work.Say that you are aware of them and work harder in that area to overcome them. And you succeed.tell whatever u like.Make it something personal like your family.  Or try that you are too nice or trusting sometimes.  It sounds sincere and will sound honest and caring.A good answer is always "being a perfectionist" as your weakness. Works every time!Be very careful when answering this question. I am a recruiter and surprisingly I have had people apply for customer service applicants tell me that their weaknesses are not easily approachable or shy. I do like honest answers. If you have a weakness I would like to know how the job at hand will help you perfect it. I love employees who are willing to learn and face challenges. I know that my interviews are not stressful but there will be recruiter's who are tough, in that case I say play it safe and use one of your strengths.You could say that I have a major weakness that can also be a major strength. That is that you try to hard to make everyone happy in every situation and that can sometimes be an impossibility. So in an effort to please everyone, you stress yourself out and sometimes not everyone gets what they want. But, its a strength because you work hard to achieve this goal.be honest.  Tell about two things that u are weak in and then drop it.
ArmamentsThey can sell more heaters!  ("cold" war.  Get it?)There was more money spent on defense industries.  (Aircraft, military supplies) than there probably would have been otherwise, so these industries probably benefited, from the cold war.  However, many of the countries we now export to; could not do business with  us then, so those industries are now benefitting from the end of the cold war.  You can't just say all business benefitted from the cold war.  If you have a teacher suggesting this, I'm telling you they are ignorant of economics, or lying to you to influence your opinion.  Please read "Economics in One Lesson" by Henry Hazlitt for more information on this.  See the link below to get the book.
It's either your soc. sec. number if you are your own small business, or you get one assigned to you when you apply for a business license.If you are looking for the tax ID of a former employer, it should be on your W2 form. Just ask. If you need to obtain one, you simply file. You can do it on line.personal tax id = social security number. . business tax id  = begins with a 36- in Illinois.It's your social security number in most cases.
2 x stuff is hottest in the market ... one u can do online trading in equity while sitting in the luxery of home n # 2 u can do a job which is pertaining to internet.. . If u live in an area which has its own specality (like Rajasthan in India which is a popular tourist spot) u can use your house as a PG ..... just b original n i dont think it will b a big prob.We Save Homes USA is looking for Affiliates to help people save there homes from foreclosure. If you are interested in becomeing an Affiliate there is no start up cost to join for a limited time. Contact me wshusa@chrisblanks.com  put in subject "wshusa Affiliate"my aunt use to work from home back in the 80's, I never really knew what she did, but my dad said it was the worlds oldest profession.  whatever that means.you must work at home!Start an online business or sell something on Ebay.. don't believe any of these scams that promise you to make x amount per day at home. In the most part they are just pyramid schemese and ways to con you out of money. The best way of making money from home or from any where is to come up with an original buisness idea!!hello, I am uni student so I am very busy with studies, I also use to work which meant i never had any time for myself. In the past couple of months i have a great way to make money from my very own home.. . All you need is a pc and the internet. I have found that having your very own online store is a great way to earn money from home. Visit www.premium-bargains.com for more info. Once at the site look for the 'HOME BUSINESS' link on the bottom left hand side. I have spent alot of time researching the net for ways to make money and have found this one to be the best.
I have worked in many retail stores, and the trick is the public is disgusting. You have a public restroom and you get little kids peeing all over it, homeless smearing shiiite all over it, etc., etc. Most of these store workers want to be able to sit down and deuce without worrying about whether or not the transvestite that peed before them has herpes. I am sure you are a clean person, but you are probably the exception, and hence the rule.no money in public restrooms.because the stores don't want to waste unnessary money on extra tp,. thats my guess
JasperjasperI live a few miles from Joplin. 90% of JOplin is in Jasper County. The southern most part is in Newton County.
LOL only if you buy too many. Save enough for gas to make sure you get there next time. Krispy Kreme are the best.....Melt in your mouth. . . I'll take two dozen, please.KRISPY CREME IS GOING BACKWARDS   THEY COMPETE WITH STARBUCKS AND DUNKIN DONUTS  THEY OPENED 3 BRAND NEW STORES IN MASSACHUSETTS AND WITHIN 1 YEAR THEY ABANDONED ALL OF THEM   THEIR PRODUCT WAS GOOD IN THE SOUTH WHEN THEY WERE SMALL -- LIKE IN GEORGIA  BUT WHEN THEY WENT NATIONAL THEIR PRODUCT LOST A LOT OF APPEALit makes people stupid... ie. not know the difference between effect and affect.
If you own shares of a company, that means that you actually own a portion of the company.  . . If you own options (call or put) that means you own the option to buy or sell stock of a particular company at a certain point in time at the option's strike price.Shares - you have already given the money and purchased. You have the full control over stocks. . Option - It has been allocated to you for a specified period of time. you have to give that money and get it within that specified period. Then it becomes a Share. . Options becomes Shares.
obeseThey dominate the market for people who like to get fat, and get lots of health problems to be a burden on the state and there families later.. . Sorry that's unkind.  They go for people who have made the choice that health doesn't matter, or people that don't know how health matters.I don't know.. . Eat at Jollibess instead.it is marketing to kids so thier parents take them there to play with the playhouse and to eat funky chicken nuggets and get you hooked for life just like smokes.
You should have received this information on your W-2 form from your place of employment.. . You should also receive a yearly mailing just before your birthday that will list your earnings.. . If these fail, try calling your local social security office.Social security send out reports stating at age 25.  Before that call your local office and request it.It will appear in the "social security wages" box of your W-2.  For almost everyone with income under about 90K a year, this is exactly the same as your gross annual wages.Contact your local Social Security Office. They usually send out a statement...based on your birth month.
which application? the one which you fill or the one which you use to run your computer programsWhat type of Application?
Transfer all of the money to the connected bank account.  You can ask for a check, but they charge you a bit for that service.Hand in your prayer book and rosary.contact the PopeIf you have a bank account - connect your bank account to your paypal account and then just withdraw funds from paypal to the bank. Be warned - this can take a couple of days.Withdraw funds option tab, and chose the way you wish to withdraw it.
A hospital would be a good place to look. :)lol, Whatever your up to, it sounds illegal... and on top of that, I wouldn't have a clue.  Try a hospital?Most hospitals and doctor offices have a book that have the doctors information in them. You can contact the local american Medical association and request information concerning this doctor if you are unsure this person is a doctor or not. OR you can contact your local police department to see if they have any infomation about this person.
Live like a hermit, only buy necessary items. Don't splurge on lavish things, like plasma tvs, entertainment systems, clothes.. and try to save every penny you earn. Also try investing in CD's at your bank.don't buy unnecessary things (unless u are a shopaholic li?ke me then we are doomed!!). try investing in stocks and banks... hope u can do it... cuz I can't... good luck!!! :o)Pay your dues in life, go to college, work long hard hours for your entire life.  Or sell your soal.... . Either way its hell.i want to earn 10000000 ill do it to help people who want to start a new business and help my family for their needs and of course ill make my own business.I want to build a scholarship program to help the kids who want to study.
A loan officer will go out and get business from new customers, they usually underwrite the loan which means looking at credit scores and past credit history and also loan to value (loan amount to the value of the collateral)then make their decision based on credit and collateral and even what the loan will be used for.. . A loan originator simply originates the loan documents.  They may submit the loan application to a loan officer or loan underwriter for them to look at credit and collateral and make the decision if the customer is worthy of repayment.  Then if approved, the originator may prepare loan documents or may only set up a time for the customer to sign loan documents and prepare the check for loan proceeds.Nothing, just the title.Nothing at all. A loan officer originates loans, so potato, potatoe
Use a fax machine.put paper in machine.  Dial fax number.1. Put document in fax machine 2. Dial US fax number 3. Press "Start" button.thhffhdYou have to dial the country code: 1 then the area code, then the number. Just like dialing a phone number.. Ex: 1-745-555-1234Dial 1+(city area code)+number.
u click on  "make another account". Its where u log into your mail.the first answers righta new one.. get a new account. . add another to an existing account you go to mail prefrences in the email screen and click on settings and you can do it there.. <3
Do u mean ford modeling agency?They only allow their registered clients access to the email forms; but you can call their offices in NY at 212-219-6500.  You can also do walk-ins on Thursday; at least, they used to do that.  Good luck.
Unless you actually entered into the competition i hate to be the bearer of bad news but it is what we all know as spam...sorry. Just disregard it. We all get emails like that every now and then and now i just delete them as i know it is a load of rubbish.Its a scam. Do NOT fall for it. If its sounds too good to be true, it is. Don't waste your time with any of those emails, they are all SCAMS. The United States State Department has a warning about these things. Don't fall for it.It's a known scam run by scammers in Indonesia, Nigeria, South Africa and the Netherlands. No such lottery actually exists. It's a fake lottery scam. If you receive a winning notification and go through with it then at the end of it you will be asked to send a payment of several hundred to several thousand dollars to the criminals. Any money you send will be lost.It is an "advanced fee" "419" scam.... If you type these phrases into a search engine you will find thousands like it....you won millions but you have to pay fees first????? All this without buying a ticket.. scam,scam,scam and more scam
I would also ask, "o.k, who is next?" People usually know when they are up next and it puts part of the responsibility on the crowd of people.Tell them they won't have to pay if they're patient.. Make sure you're long gone off your shift by the time they leave.Just let them know that they will each receive your full attention as quickly as you are able.  The biggest hint about customer service is to keep in mind how you would want to be treated if you were the customer, spending your hard earned money for the service.be cool ant tell them, hey i got 2 hands only ok,relax,or ask ur colleague to help if any
It is a Web site where people can sell things they don't want or need to other people in an auction format.  It's a good way to make money on your old crap and also a good way to get a good deal on new crap.The world's online auction marketplaceIt's a place where you can buy or sell new or used goods worldwide.An online auction site that I use alot and would recommendwhy not go look... . . http://www.ebay.comEBay is a website where you can buy lots of different stuff, or sell on auction. You can also buy some items at a "Buy now" button at a fixed price.The greatest thing on this planet. Some may call it heaven and others may call it debt. I LOVE E-BAY!!!Its an auction place where someones trash could be your treasures.....
They are not main streets and it is up to the neighborhood and its comittee(if they have one) to keep their residence clean. If everyone keeps their yard clean and picks up trashin front of their house it would not be a problem.All those tax payers money to pay the street sweepers now lies buried in IRAQ and AFGANISTAN.cause the government dont want to give up their moneyNo one wants to pay more in taxes to have their streets cleaner?  Educated guess there :)ew ours are twice a month! talk about funding the city with all the damn parking tickets... makes me crazy! They come the butt crack of dawn in the morning and wake me up...
play some songs,,,,,, then go to clubs and play. go to tom cats in dallas the guy will book you in the next two weeks. . blueman entertainmentrock out
I don't know. But I have noticed that there's no eBay.Malta also.im a half irish seller in scotland does that help? ive had people in ireland buy from me.THERE ARE A FEW BUT YOU NEED TO SEE THE RIGHT ITEM YES UK AND US ARE BIG SELLERS AND SO IS CHINA HONG KONG SINGAPORE ETC. GOODS IN IRELAND ARE NOT CHEAP SO MOST IRISH BUY RATHER TAHN SELL - I HAVE SOLD A NUMBER OF THINGS TO IRISH SELLER AND BOUGHT A CPU TO PROVE THAT THERE ARE IRISH SELLERS !!. http://cgi.ebay.co.uk/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&item=6852674162&rd=1&sspagename=STRK%3AMEWN%3AIT&rd=1dont knowI bought some Roman coins from an Irish seller.
The Bill Gates truck.  Bill Gates made a truck drive through India teaching about safe sex and condom usage.  If we can convince everyone to use condoms, that would help stop AIDs in the world.stick to one partner(for both parties)hivaids cannot be stopped just like malaria hasn't been eradicated despite improved medical care.it can only be controlled.being faithful,avoiding the sharing of sharp in struments,abstinence are some controlling measures.                                                           those who have multiple sexual partners do it for reasons best known to them.                                                            young girls have sugar daddies for financial protection.                                                       infant mortality can be reduced if and only if africans drop some traditional beliefs and customs.stop having sex with you. thats the surest way to stop the spread of HIVnothing can be done to stop it because not enough people are even trying to prevent it. people think it wont happen to them and that they will be cured remember prevention is cheaper than the cure but in this case there is no cure so people should try harder to prevent.1. Education and the use of condoms. 2. Adventure and the need to feel wanted. 3. For the money and gifts. 4. education and world-wide distribution of free medicines and free medical attention.. 5. Because he has no influence over Bush, look at his record and you will know why. 6 That is a social issue in those countries and can only be solved by their governments.
Dentists are often able to get toothpaste from manufacturers for really cheap, since the manufacturers hope the dentist will give it to their patients (and thereby implicity 'endorse' that brand of toothpaste).. . You should try to hit up your dentist.  Perhaps he or she will contribute toothpaste to your organization (something really inexpensive).  In return, your organization can make it a point to give that dentist some kind of recognition for the contribution (mentioning it in a newsletter or something).Your non-profit what?  Organization?  Try posting fliers in supermarkets on their bulletin boards . . . or you may even ask the manager of a store if they would be willing to put a donation box up where people can donate new tubes of tooth paste.Call the distributors and ask.Try writing to toothpaste manufacturers.
Cut hair and gossip.gossipFor a hair cutTo have their hair cut, but it is the women who gossip when they go to to their hairdresser.to get a haircut and socialize. There are some very interesting conversations in those places.
for this you can leave the job and start you own business with your friends who have already experience here you can use your own creativity.thats corporate life, full of suck ups and kickass. . if you want a better environment, find a SME to work for.Hang in there.  The best way to get through a rough situation is to remind yourself it's temporary.  You only have 9 more months to go before you can put out your resume.  Use this time to learn.  And there's plenty to learn there too!  You'll learn patience and how to deal with difficult people.  You'll learn how NOT to be a supervisor.  Just pretend you're there for the purposes of observation.  Whatever you do, don't hang yourself with a negative attitude or get into the habit of bad mouthing your supervisor and the company.  In the long run, the ones who get ahead are the ones who learn how to network and work the system.  If you become a conduit of negativity, you'll not go far in any corporation.  So use this time wisely to learn how to remain professional in an unprofessional atmosphere.This is not corporate company.I don't see any single factor to say so.There may be hierarchy which has no defined work.which raise miscommunication, reporting and appraisal,therefore bottleneck communication prevails consequently poor work quality.This is the company any management executive will like to avoid but I find it a case study.. Total lack of organisational structure,where decision making process is centralized and managers are less to do with.. If you can make it,apply for other job and try what I would suggest:. Go all out with your leadership qualities where you should have courage and knowledge of the situations.Make a analytical report suggesting the strategy to increase the sales of  products through market survey if you can do it by yourself.Especially where company is not doing well.Take a leave if required.Surpass all middle management to produce your project report directly to the owner,I believe no company owner will ignore you for it.. If you find it a fiasco leave the company.During this period you might have a job in hand.Hi Zulu, cheer up for this is the situation most of the newcomers face ( let they be engineers, MBA etc etc) in most of the companies. Though there are companies which make the newcomers feel easy by assigning them good job.. You are not lucky that way, so patience is the key! You better utilize your resource to switch over than getting frustated and depressed. Be a cool person at work, do the job assigned and count days to pass!If you are well qualified you dont need to worry. Try resolving the issues in the group or just quit and get another good job. Do your best, keep your cool and leave the rest to God. All the Best.
it's going to be hard because most respectible jobs these days run background checks as well as credit checks.  your pretty much screwed once your in the system unless you knonw someone that can get you on somewhere, otherwise, all you can really look forward to are minimum wage jobs the rest of your life.Apply for jobs at smaller businesses - not all can afford to run background checks on every applicant - even if it means lower pay.  Prove yourself to them, and you'll build more "positives" on your resume instead of negatives.. . And I can't imagine employers passing you by solely because of a DUI - they'd exculde about half the US population!  There may be more to this story.
early childhood academy is 9 times out of 10 for like preschool aged kids and kids that will be in preschool,and early childhood daycare is just a place that will watch your kids and interact with them while you are at work or doing whatever. both are very expensive.about $50 per day difference
Wait and see, You will both soon find out.. It's like falling off a log.that is all of the fun ,the experimenting,the unknown,it would be wrong to rob you of this unique experience .. and there fore i will not tell you what delight lie ahead.You could try caressing her and kissing her passionately. I think it is wonderful that you are waiting till your wedding night. :-)how old is your wife to not know? anyway, just try kissing her gently and massaging her..
Your local town hall has all of the residences records.  They should be able to guide you from there and just ask them for the "hall of records" room for residential properties.zillow.comthe register of deeds in your town also newspapers run property transfers
Well relate the answer to the position you are applying for. Customer Service, for example, what is it about you personally and professionally can you offer that is different or you feel is important...something that makes you stand out from all others. I recruit for retail stores and I am shocked that people who apply for the positions forget that they are consumers as well. I love when an applicant tells me what they look for in customer service when they are out shopping and how they would use their past experiences (with examples) as a way to make them be better sales associates.I believe that I qualify for this place because of my skills that I have learned from college and that I can get the job done with no questions asked."Only you have the ultimate answer to that question.  All I can do is present you with my qualications as best I can."Because, I will not let you down.  It works every time!"Because I'm smarter than you." ;)Sell yourself.  Tell them why you want the job and how you feel you would fit into their company.  Stress your strong points and your willingness to learn.
a mutual fund is a collection of something (stocks, bonds, etc.) designed to meet a purpose--to provide income, growth, etc. The purpose of a mutual fund is to have someone else determine what the best way to meet the goal is and to provide for diversification. I have several mutual funds because I do not want to try and pick individual stocks.Go to the library
Starting a night club, is no easy task.. It requires a lot of things.. you need to save money for the space, and then theres the cost of alcohol, waiters and watresses, bartenders, management.. Not to mention promoters.. . You will need to get a liquer license,and  a business license..Most likely you will spend on average a good 300 grand, before opening...save somme money or take a loan and buy a failing one from someone else is what a lot of ppl do.
First go to the Miami Dade Juvenile Welfare Board.  You can apply there, and from there they basically walk you through everything else.. A good idea would be to get your home or location ready & established within permits before you apply because they come out to inspect pretty quickly.You have to get certified.  Call the department of health and human services.  They will come do an inspection and give you more information.you hav to have a certain amounth of hours also i suggest st. thomas university thats where my mom and my aunt did it and it was quick and they were very helpful it only took about 6 month and they recieved all the certificates
Call the Harris County Jail, give them his name and Date of Birth. 713-755-6000.get arrested in harris county
Send them an email and ask.  That is free.. . If they don't want their identity known, do you think they would use a real name when signing up for service?Why is it necessay, unless the person is a threatening you?u can get the city and country from the IP address, just look it up with ip locator. http://www.geobytes.com/IpLocator.htm
Contact the Houston Health Dept. They will send out an inspector, if you have no luck, then contact Marvin Zinler on Eye Witness News. He will get in contact with them for you and light a fire under someone quick.Find out the name of the mang. comp and call the main office, call the helth dept. call the Houston Apt. Assoc. and/or Texas Apt Assoc. those two you will need to make a written comp (might be a good idea to send some pics of it next time it happens.) Also, next time it does happen....it will cost a few bucks but send a Certified reg. letter with a proof of delivery, that way you will have proof that you have been asking them to correct the problem.. Good LuckComplain on Yahoo Answers, and someone will be right out to fix it.  I will be there shortly.
"Yellow" is indeed correct. To hire an excon is to say "I trust someone who has defiled the trust of another". . . There are plenty of good, hard working citizens who don't do things which risk their lively hood. Granted, some ex-cons may be able to get the job done, but in reality, it is a trust issue.Approximately fourteen percent of Americans have been in jail. They have jobs and they get jobs. Anyone, convict or not, who needs employment needs to make friends, use good manners, involve themselves in the community (church, volunteer activities), use good language and smile.I'd rather hire a less qualified person with no criminal record than hire a qualified ex con whom I would never be able to trust, the companys reputation rides on the backs of its employees, and a company full of ex cons doesn't speak well of itself in the business world.you can call it white propganda, but for the most part, it's fear that something bad can happen.  This also depends on the charge(s) you may have.  Get yourself to a employment agency (aka temp agency) do your very best to stay positive & never give up.  Good Luck!a trust issue i assume.There's a "trust factor" that is difficult to overcome.Because they were convicted of a criminal offense that usually entails violence.Think about it, if you were offered the choice of two cars,neither of which has a guarantee. One a car which had never broken down or one that had to go back to the garage a couple of times to get repaired, which one would you buy?
Because wal-mart does not have enough workers when they do hire new people they only stay for about a week or two becuase of poor treatment, low pay, and lousy supervisors--you will never see wal-mart with all of their lines open--even though they are a multi-billion dollar corporation--they only pay their worker about $6.25 an hour--wal-mart sucks and they always will--LOL!!---This is just MY opinion!!DON'T YOU KNOW WHY?  because all of their cashiers that they do hire are off on break yakking w/each other in the middle of the aisles or yakking on their cell phones.It saves them money on payroll.It cuts back on stealing, more people steal when they are in the waiting line, like candy, lighters whatever. . . By keeping everyone in a contained area, they have more control, can keep an eye on things better.I guess its so they can be ready for Christmas shoppers.  Bugs the hell out of me too.It looks good to have 23 lanes.  Simple.. They don't want to pay the wages of 23 check-out assistants because that is bad for profits.  It's all about profits.  Who gives a toss about the consumer in a place like Wal-Mart?  Their first loyalty is to their shareholders and for the rest they can rely on advertising psychology and the general apathy of the public to trust the media to tell them what is good for them.Because Wal-Mart sucks butt!I don't know, but Aldi's is the exact same way.  4 lanes and only 2 are open.They do this because they are the anti-christ. This technique is used to slowly suck the life from our souls. But no really I think its just because they are cheap. Less checkers means less people they have to pay.Elementary my dear, . LACK OF BETTER SENSEit because there isnt enuf staff to open all the tills they can keep a eye on whos buying tobacco if its only solt at one till . if there are queues then you should just ask them to open another till if possible after all the customer is always rightThe tobacco is limited to a certain register so they have more control over who it is sold to.. . As for having only 2 or 3 lanes open, I've never seen this at the Wal-Marts around me.  I do notice that they never have all the registers open and this is probably do to staffing in the store.  Also, they probably keep one or two registers open so if one breaks, they can move the person to a new register.Because the biggest expense in any business is labor, so they are probably trying to keep their overhead down.This is the best question I've read all day!  . I've never heard of the tobacco rule- but I'm right there with ya on the 21 closed lanes at wal-mart!Wal-Mart is an evil, sadistic corporation. They get off every time you have to go a separate line to purchase tobacco or wait in a ridiculously long line.idk but i raise hell bout it when i do have to go, i refuse to work there too cuz its a nut house!. ours is 24/7 too!!. CRAZY!Because they are a total bunch of assholes! And because they are millionaires and can get away with it. I hate going to Walmart it is always a total pain. I need a xanax just to enter the store. Even at midnight there is a lot of people. Maybe someone should write to the President with your question...and tell him his store blows!I don't shop at Wal-Mart, but it's possible you're just there during a non-peak hour so they're understaffed at that time.. . Express lane problems happen at every single supermarket that I've been to.  Cashiers are too nice to reject customers, and the customers would just get angry.  Remember that the customer is always right.. . I haven't heard of the tobacco line before, so I can't tell you why it's there. Normally, any cashier could just card you for the tobacco.because walmart sux.  spend your money elswhere.  let us rid the world of the evil that is walmart.Cause Wal-Mart is lame. I used to work there and now I hate Wal-Mart. But other than that I don't know.i know i hate that too...i do not know!I have never seen all the lanes open.Good question! I assume they are saving them for Christmas Eve shoppers.Even on holidays I have noticed this problem. Where I live, more and more people are turning to the self checkouts. This is unusual and seems to have more people than the other two that are open. It is also slower, depending on the person's knowledge of the self checkout. Why can't they just hire more people and keep those checkouts streamlined? I get very anxious when I go to Wal-mart and try to avoid it all together. Don't even attempt to ask for assistance with a large item. They make you stand in line and everyone behind you starts breathing hard.. . Wal-mart is a good company...you think they would have learned this from trial and error....go figure!
There is no immigration policy as such. If you are married to german citizen than you can immigrate under family reunion.You can get a work visa and after some years you can try to get permenant work visa and than after few years you can apply for citizenship. Or you can go to germany on any visa and apply for asylum like many do.That answer may well depend on your nationality.
accountant? classesChoose your major as Business Management then go into an Accounting Specialization in your 3rd and 4th years of college (if you're going for a Bachelor's degree).. . I'd suggest taking some Speech/Public Speaking classes, there may come a time in your professional career that you have to give a report to a large amount of people. If anything, those classes will be easy.. . Statistical Mathematics is also a good course to take for that Major, thankfully you more than likely won't have to take anything along the lines of Calculus, Trigonometry, or Physics unless you just absolutely want to.. . Good luck!You need to talk to an academic advisor at your local college.  Get a college manual, they are free... . I am finishing at strayer this year.  You can find all classes  required for their degrees on their webpage under academic programs..Accounting Class, BUsiness, and other GE
it was the 60's if it would have been the 70's this question probaly would have said 70's dah!!Because like many rich pop singers/actors/tv personalities etc they've more money than sense, are stupid and gullible and think it's 'clever' somehow. Jim Morrison was an average singer in a band named 'Doors' who became glorified after his death from a drug overdose in Paris where he is now buried.why not....everybody else did them too.
u can cotact airtel at no.---4444121 and  ask them ur query. maybe they can help u !!!Contact Airtel. They maintain the call records.u will get it along with ur bill!! otherwise very difficult to get unless u have a court order for getting this data released!!!
People are still buying, stop buying and the price will go down. Study economics.If you are from Texas, you would think your gas prices would be cheaper, wouldn't you?  What with your being a port city and all.how else can retiring ceo's of big oil companies get a retirement package over $400 million???BEcause its cost too much to import and ship it from Iraq!!!! Can you blame themBecause we haven't stopped buying it !!!because people keep buying it.  If you could sell a candy bar to a stranger for $100 would you?  It's the same principle.  The only way to reduce the price of gas is to decrease demand (stop using as much)because they are going upThx to Iran, he said gas price is not even close to what the real price is.Because the terrorist hate our freedomGreed of the oil companies...pure and simple.
How old is she? If she is old enough and responsible babysitting is a great job. A little older? Partime local work in stores, waitressing, delivering papers, and office work are good.Depends on her age, she can babysit, do extra chores around the house/ yard. Sell leomade, cookies or make crafts and try to sell them. Have a yardsale...If your financial situation allows it and she is still in school, teach her that she must work for what she wants.. . If she's in school, have her maintain a certain GPA (your choice) I would go for 3.7 or higher, while still having to do chores at home. . . Then every week give her an allowance.. . Have her save up her money until she can afford to buy the cell phone she wants.. . To pay the phone have her start off with a prepaid plan.. That way she can show you how responsible she is.. .  If she is a responsible young lady then .  have her pay her phone bill by again, earning her money through chores and a good GPA.If she is old enough she should get a job. Most people will hire girls of at least 12 and older to babysit for them, my sister did that for a lot of years and made really good money. Or if you can afford it, have her do extra things to help around the house to pay for it.Well i guess it all depends on how old your daughter is. I'm 15 and i'm looking for work other than babysitting(i'm not good with kids). you should give her an allowance for doing chores. i make five dollars a week for doing the dishes and taking care of the animals that live here. another thing, when she recieves her report card at the end of each marking period, give her a dollar for every A she gets. my mom is thinking of doing this. another thing i've tried, though it makes me kinda like a scam artist, is whenever she loans out money to her friends or something, she could collect a little interest when she gets paid back. i did that with my sister cuz she always needed money, and it added up to almost one hundred dollars within a couple weeks. but if you go with the allowance option, have her save half of it and let her spend the other half, but whenever she has leftover change from buying something with her spending half, have her put that change with her saved up money, it eventually adds up to alot trust me, i've got tons of change.Make her take on household chores to earn her one then of course has to keep it up just to keep them high text messaging bills paid. ex. yard, dishes clothes ect.
Where I am now. Green Zone, Baghdad, Iraq. You can't even drive around without worrying for road bombs.Where you have a given job to do but everything seems to be against you.
Nanotechnology comprises technological developments on the nanometer scale, usually 0.1 to 100 nm. (One nanometer equals one thousandth of a micrometer or one millionth of a millimeter.) The term has sometimes been applied to microscopic technology.little micro scopic robots fooling around in your body, we are still centuries away from that kind of technology
f u want to success ur career,just think positive and belive in god.read The Fred Factor, it's a very short book, and it will change your perspective on work, good bookFirst, you need to decide if your current career is what you wish to do for years ro come, research for profitability and advancement, network, and by all means,  apply yourself.  Good Luck! : )
just keep bugging them  if nothing happens soon then demand to speak to the manager & go up higher if you can. . good luck....& don;t stop bugging themI've gotten many refunds online and I know that they take FOREVER to refund it, and the sometimes dont even fully refund you.
put an advert on noticeboard in local store!??you could always just give them for gifts to others for Bdays, Xmass or anything else.  I always get gift cards to places I dont shop at and always do this.www.craigslist.com. Then select your city,and it is EASY EASY and fast to post!Good luck!
Hire me! I'll do a great web page for ya!I have six years' experience that the best in the world is Homestead Site Builder, if you do not have the advance knowledge.Very simple. How much do you want to spend?  Let's just say as little as possible right?. . Go to like godaddy.com and register a domain name, then you can it host for you like 9.99/mo.. . Then you'd need to know about web designing.  If not, maybe I can help.  Like how much I charge?  Well, it appears your business is small, so how about $100 and I'll build a site something like http://www.bettybridal.us for you.  Trust me, I do this for fun, not profit, plus it's professional. I hope. :)  Or something like this http://www.speedpc.comdepending on what demographic your trying to reach, you may want to look at setting up a myspace.com account.  It's free and you can reach millions of users ages 13 - 30Its very easy. I registered a domain name through godaddy.com, then signed up for their "web page tonight". Here are examples of my web pages:. www.sandiegoaircharter.com. www.affordableaircharter.com.. . Also, its pretty cheap.Easiest way, set up store through 1and1 internet, http://www.1and1.com/?k_id=6678700 they have the best prices and best support, ive been with them for 3yrs nowfirst you need to learn how to "spell" business...Make a free website for your business go on Freewebs.If you have to ask, you may need to outsource this project.It looks like you have partical answers so far. Here is the full picture.  Register a domain name or url (i.e. yahoo.com) on godaddy.com. Next is design.  You could go for a free site, but there are a lot of annoying pop us and ads.  I would suggest going through yahoo small business or snapmonkey.com.. . Yahoo small business has a program call Site Builder.  It is very easy to use.. . Snapmonkey (Denver company), easy to use as well, but has more tool, helpful information, and general guides on how to's.. . Both yahoo, snapmonkey, and godaddy will walk you through tranferring your domain to the website.
Canada uses Postal Codes, not Zip codes. letter number letter number letter number... Toronto always starts with "M" i.e. M3A3A3 would probably be valid in Toronto.. Cheers.Toronto is a Big City and has many different Zip Codes.Have a look at the Post Code Lookup link below. Just type in Toronto, Ontario and you will get all Post Codes. Hope this helps.. . http://www.canadapost.ca/tools/pcl/bin/advanced-e.aspin canada every block has a different postal code. try using www.canada411.ca
You have to apply for a copyright.  I recommend getting a good lawyer.  I used to work for Volpe and Koenig, P.C.  I highly recommend them.1) contact the Library of Congress in Washington DC you can do this over the Internet.. 2) they will send you forms to fill out and a fee for the items you wish to Copyright. 3) don't forget to send them regestered receipt and keep a copy for yourself.the other answers are wrong, they are confusing trademark with copyright. you do nothing but print the words This material is copywritten and mark the date. the library of congress would cease to function if if just 1/100th of published works tried to report something that is copy written. remember it is up to you to protect your copyright. every newspaper every day has copyright protection just by merely claiming it.
$5 every week no matter what. or an auto deduction from your paycheck.Set a budget for yourself and follow it.  Set aside 10 dollars from your monthly/weekly paycheck and don't spend it!well, my guess is try saving like maybe $5 dollars every month or so and then it will add up!Best thing for people like you is periodical investment.. Save something every month .You can open a RD a/c or go for SIPs.. Set a target of your savings.For eg: x amount of money by next 6 months.Then you will automatically cut down your expenses to save that much money.. All the best.open an account in which you should put 10dollar every month.. if you cannot do this  then better take  a bowl and go to the footpath and shout.............2dollars,give me two dollars!!!!!!!!!good luck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
get a new free email address from yahoo. and send it from there.  I hope this helps.You can't. If you don't want someone to see your address, don't send a message to them. I don't answer emails from address's I don't recognize.I agree.. I think all you can do is set up an account just for this purpose.  I dont know if you can block your email address... Sorry
yeap, depends what your transferingWhat are you trying to export from each country.First you have to determine if your export product is legal or not; if it is a food, livestock or any material. You may ask the Customs, make sure if you will ask them you are exporting a legal stuff, if not well hmmmm we just don't know. Just joking.... well best thing is ask the customs first if it is a large scale shipment.
Life is hard and then you die...have you ever read that bumper sticker?. It would be wonderful if life were fair but it just isn't. Keep your head up and keep your integrity, work hard to do the right thing inspite of your problems and joy will come to you. As you go through life remember that everyone is having a hard time and as you help them you'll help yourself.. AND please don't give up...you are loved.Who ever said life WAS FAIR?becuz we don't really deserve to be alive in the first place. think about it. and life is extrememy fair to u becuz u live in or near DC, u have access to an internet, a functioning brain to allow u to type, and limbs to do it with. im not saying u shudn't hate unfairness, but just contemplate how fair it is sometimes too.do you mean unfair??  just remember everything you do comes back to you times three.. so if you want good things to happen.. be good to everyone around you...it's karma and you can change yours...My thoughts and experience:. . Your perspective attracts to you others with similar thoughts and ideas...so along with that comes situations that reflect those thoughts and if you are a negative person you get stuck in the "Muck of life".. . The funny thing is though...you may not think of yourself as a bad person, but then you have to ask yourself this question:. . "Compared to whom?". . Ted Bundy or Princess Di?. . You could be deluding yourself that you are good, that you think positive thoughts and do little acts of kindness...but you could actually be a smuck.. . And smucks get stuck in muck.  . . Light attracts light...evil attracts evil.  So, if your view of the world is life is unfair...then you will get more of it.. . I will help you out a little...extend a hand to you, and would give you some advice.. . A few days ago I was upset about something going on with me, and my anger clouded my thoughts.  Not only that but I was in a city bus going to work, and traffic was slow.  I was getting pretty impatient.  . . Then he came on board.  He was dirty, in a wheelchair because he did not have any legs.  I looked at his hands and they were deformed...only two fingers.  Then I looked at his face...he was smiling.  Everyone on the bus knew him, they were saying, "Hello, John!" and he was smiling back at them.. . It made me think that my situations were not as bad as his, and here he was with a positive attitude.  My feelings about him was that he was homeless, he had a donation cup attached to his wheelchair, when I exited the bus, I put some money into his cup.. . This experience changed my views of my life.  It put perspective on my blessings instead of what I was lacking.. . I said a prayer to God to forgive me of my fullishness.. . Good luck to you my friend,  I hope things turn around for you like they did for me.LEWE IS PRETTY MUCH FAIRBecause one will usually put their personal needs before  even considering the needs of the rest of the people , and we end up fighting to get what we want out of life , so everyone is chasing their own dreams which means that depending on how bad you wanted or what distance you are willing to go to , some people Will get it some wont , and since not everyone can get what they want because someone else beat them to it , life becomes unfair . BTW do a spell check , it does not hurt and , you Will most likely avoid , some answers that will only wil tell you to learn to spell better . Best of luck to youIs life really unfair or is it really that somethings don't turn out the way we expect or would have liked? On many occasions before now, I have found that it was my own expectation that was not actually fair. We all have our part to play in life, which is an encouraging thought - who wants to be bored? Something that we all would be if we had no part to play in life. I recommend that you be patient, take a look back every so often at who you were yesterday, last week, a month or a year ago. On a personal note; I wish I could spend some time with my two children yet, like Ozzy and Kelly Osbourne - we are all going through changes...
Real sales jobs are commission based which means you are 100% in control of how much you make. So, it theory, they all are the highest paying if you put 110% into it.I'm not sure, but I do know that pharmaceutical and other types of medical sales pay really well -- tough to get into, though.I know of one where you can become a broker and earn as much as you sell.We have over 300 brokers making over 100K and some making more.This is not a joke.If you would like to find out how you can build a Lifetime Residual Income,not just a commission where you have to sell again to make money,but a program where each sale keeps paying forever email me and I'll give you the links so you can see how you can do it too.jimb4me@yahoo.comdrugs
when the people who sel to you bring you stuff as you need it and take it away as you dont sell itIt is when the supplier takes care of what the customer needs automatically.. The customer doesn't order anything
MArk every points,what you have done..               or. Simply fill-up companies format given.simply write all on a plane paper
You've put this under Houston which I don't understand unless you are trying to start some sort of gang since a lot of the Hurricane Katrina people moved into Houston.  I would not suggest doing this.  There are enough problems in this world without creating another gang or mafia.I'm Don Corleone. I'll make him an offer he can't refuse.start a circle of favors?. No idea what you're talking about... oh well, +2.kill ur family and friendsWell first step is not to be stupid enough to ask those sort of things on here...Fool.YOU TALKIN TO ME? . . . . . . . . . YOU DON'T WANT TO DO THAT MAN. BE FOR REAL. HERE'S A CYBER HUG FOR YOU CAUSE YOU SEEM LIKE YOU NEED ONE.Ask La MafiaYou have to have some friends.. . Come back and ask for the next step once you have some.Kill somebody Italian.
I'll be your firend in the us.I'll be your friend. Problem solved. 2 points! Life is good.THE SAME WAY YOU WOULD MAKE A FRIEND WHERE YOU LIVE. I'LL BE YOUR FRIEND BUT I'M 65 YEARS OLD I LIVE IN NEW JERSEY, U.S.A.    shamrock65@verizon.netI can be your friend too;](see it's not hard)
it means whn more dn 2 ppl sings aftr a singer sings a song, in bakgrnd.u knw wt i mean? if not dn com 2 me i'll show uMusic. . A composition usually in four or more parts written for a large number of singers. . A refrain in which others, such as audience members, join a soloist in a song. . A line or group of lines repeated at intervals in a song. . A solo section based on the main melody of a popular song and played by a member of the group. . A body of singers who perform choral compositions, usually having more than one singer for each part. . A body of vocalists and dancers who support the soloists and leading performers in operas, musical comedies, and revues. . . A group of persons who speak or sing in unison a given part or composition in drama or poetry recitation. . An actor in Elizabethan drama who recites the prologue and epilogue to a play and sometimes comments on the action. . . A group of masked dancers who performed ceremonial songs at religious festivals in early Greek times. . The group in a classical Greek drama whose songs and dances present an exposition of or, in later tradition, a disengaged commentary on the action. . The portion of a classical Greek drama consisting of choric dance and song. . A group or performer in a modern drama serving a purpose similar to the Greek chorus. . The performers of a choral ode, especially a Pindaric ode. . . A speech, song, or other utterance made in concert by many people. . A simultaneous utterance by a number of people: a chorus of jeers from the bystanders. . The sounds so made. . . tr. & intr.v. cho·rused, or cho·russed cho·rus·ing, or cho·rus·sing cho·rus·es or cho·rus·ses . To sing or utter in or as if in chorus.. . Idiom:. in chorus. All together; in unison.chorus is wen a whole group of ppl says or sings somethin togethermore than 2 people singing togetherChorus is a singing group. Lyke your church quire or school music program.it means whn more dn 2 ppl sings aftr a singer sings a song, in bakgrnd. understand na
"Lemox College Book & Supply". . If that's not it, click the link below to see all the bookstores in that area. Put the mouse pointer on the yellow squares with the red circles to get more info.I don't know but could it be Borders or Banes and Noble
it really depends they could be doingg it to show off or they mite be doin it cause they don't have the money for it and maybe they really needed the things.People steal for a lot of different reasons.  Most of them do it because they don't have the money to buy the merchandise. Others do it because they are angry at the store or the workers for something that was said or done to them.  Then there are the people who just don't need a reason & when they get caught, they can't even think of a reason why they did it, they usually suffer from some form of an addiction which drives them to steal.Do you mean steal?There could be a number of reasons why people steal, it could be peer pressure, it could be they are homeless and hungry, they might have a drug problem, or they might be sick, some people have an illness where they might need help from a professional and, then there are the ones who actually do it cause they like the thrill, you know the thrill seekers, doing it just to see if they can get away with it, Those are a few of the reasons why I think people do it. I wish there was something we could do as human beings looking out for each other, Oh my bad we don't....Well if they are STEALING stuff from the store it is probably because some one put them up to it or they are trying to get attention.
sit in a box with an address pasted on it! ask someone to pack u up nicely! u'll be a heavy courier, but stay quiet and do not mve! nobody will ever know...A courier can be for many things so be certain who and what your doing
Contact a temp agency in your area.  Look in the phone book.find  a temp agency , they provide you temp jobs and u get paid thru themGo to Kelly Services or any other temp agency.Call a temp agency.  Should be listed in the phonebook.either look in the newspaper or look in the phone book for the number of a temp agency. you could have had a number by now if you'd have used common sense rather than ask here..........Hmmmm.... Wear a sandwich board advertising your job skills? Or go to a temp agency.
- This is a system of revenue sharing between one site (the affiliate merchant) which features an ad or content designed to drive traffic to another site (the advertiser). . - The affiliate will receive a fee based on the amount of traffic generated.. - Affiliate Marketing usually done through web sites.. - But there is steady record of earning potentials since this type of marketing considered as SPAM and many places SPAM protection is enabled.. -------------------Quite simply, an Affiliate Program is a partnership with an online merchant who compensates you for any sales you send that merchant via links on your site. An Affiliate Program is thus an easy way to earn money off traffic to your site. Your earning potential is not only limited to sales - you can also refer other affiliates like yourself! We will pay you a percentage of all the sales that you refer. This means you can utilize your knowledge of both audiences to maximize your earning potential. Each time you introduce another Webmaster to the program, that Webmaster begins to market on your behalf, and in doing so increases your earning potential!.      I really enjoy working on my computer with affiliate programs. It can be extremely lucrative. Only join programs that do not charge you a fee! Here is the link to the best program I have found. There is an affiliate forum on the site which I find helpful as I am new. Check it out and see if it appeals to you.Basically you get pay to market other people's product.. . Treat it as variance of profit sharing.  The affiliate program can be as high as 50 to 60% for information products,5 to 10% for real products, and up to 30% for service products.. . It could be really lucrative.  Check out my resource box for the internet home business blog for tips.Basically you get paid to market a product or service for a company.. I make money online through affiliate programs. They can be very lucrative, but you really need to be careful when signing up with a company. There are a lot of scams. Look for a company with little or no start up fee. You also want a company that offers excellent training. Check out the products or services that the company offers to see if you find them reliable. Establish a start up budget, and schedule some time to work on your business. The failure rate in this business is high because most people dont invest the time and energy needed to succeed. You have to believe in your ability to succeed 100%!. Check out this free ebook on Internet Marketing: http://www.pluginprofitsite.com/main-12692/dotcomology.html. . Mindy. http://www.machughes.com
You have not given any idea on your proposed scale of business, investment, existing infrastructure/resources, location etc. If you are serious, take professional advice than toying with ideas.. . Paying fee to a  professional for the purpose would be worth.go to google.com asap
It means your company is trying to pull one over on you. They want you to work for less money per hour, or per week with the "promise" if certain objectives are met, or criteria obtained you will receive a "bonus". If you are given the option keep your salary at its present state and also have an incentive package offered take it. If you give up money on an hourly or weekly scale, no matter what the "incentive" you always lose money. You lose it every hour you work, including overtime because your o.t. rate is now based on a lower salary. Its cheaper for a company to give you $2,000 at the end of a good year than to pay you say and extra 20cents an hour. Then if they don't meet their "quota", and they have many ways around this, you may get only a percentage or nothing of your incentive. If you are in a Union talk with a steward, if your not in a Union now might be a good time to start one.it usually means that the compensation for a job is related to performance.  the more productive the employee is, the higher their pay.In my husband's company, it is based on doing more than the minimum work required. You took the incentive to do more than you were told, hence incentive. For him it is based on a minimum profit with incentive increasing as profits increase.depends on what it's for, but it's usually recognition, goal setting and hitting your goals, it's like a bonus, but extra...you ever heard the term extra incentive...Every sales position I have ever encountered. This can be anything from real estate to pen sales. The more you sell, the better you are paid with the higher bonuses. Do not care for that kind of work. Did it and didn't like lying to people to feed my baby. Good question!!An incentive is some sort of prize or reward.  So an incentive-based decision is one made because you get something out of it.Most of the time  "incentive based" is a term used in reference to some type of performance. Whether it is work related or even pleasure related. Or in simpler terms it is a " if / then" situation. By that I mean " if  this is done ( conditional) then  you can expect".For example if a factory worker makes x number of products and his supervisor tell him/her if you make x + 10 then we will give you this reward for increased production.or sometimes the revers is also true.Same factory worker who makes x number of products the supervisor ask for x + 10 and the worker is not able to comply . Then they may be re-assigned or terminated. So in simple terms,the "incentive" can be substituted for "motivation"( cause for action) one way or the other.
The country code is 52, and the area code is 646646. . To call Mexico from other countries, dial the international code, country code, area code and number. For example, to call Mexico from the USA or Canada, dial 011+52+area code+number.619 is in the el cajo or san diego county area code...heres a site u can check out. sorry long list.... good luck...i miss it bad it was nothing but 619 when i was there...
If a person is interested in buying a property, they will make a deal with the owner and both will sign a "Contract of Sale." Then the buyer will go and check the title (to make sure that the person who says he owns it really does, and hasn't given parts of it to anyone else) and walk around the property to make sure there's no unanticipated problems. If everything goes more or less as planned, the parties exchange the money for the deed, and this is called closing. Escrow is the time between contract of sale and closing.Money, property, a deed, or a bond put into the custody of a third party for delivery to a grantee only after the fulfillment of the conditions specified. I found this at Dictionary.com
Salary means that you get the same paycheck every week (or 2) even if you miss work. Hourly if you take time off it is deducted from you payNo overtimeSalary is the remuneration you get for a month's work, and is generally constant, irrespective of the number of holidays, Sundays etc. This is usually fixed for a person for the job.. But hourly rate is only for the actual hours worked, and is usually prorata to the hours worked.. Salary is the term used normally for white-collar jobs, like office work, whereas Hourly is the term used for manual workers.Salary = Flat rate for a day, week, month or year of work regardless of hours worked. Some states require payment of overtime in excess of 40 or 50 hours but this is not universal. Hourly = Rate paid based on number of hours worked.  Usually subject to overtime regulations.Joe gets paid $40,000.00 salary a year, whether he works extra time or not.  He will usually have a set number of hours he works, 40 hours per week with Sat and Sun off. . . Sam gets paid $15.00 an hour for each hour he works and his annual wages can differ depending on how many hours he works.Usually it seperates the way people are working.  Salary, people work as much as the want or as the work demands without any overtime.  Hourly, well, that's the opposite, set hours and if they work extra they get compensated for it like time and a half.salary is one flat pay rate regardless of hours worked...you could work 40 hrs or 80hrs and get the same $$.. . hourly is as it says...by the hour...could be advantageous for mosthourly is how much u get paid an hour, salary is the amount you get in total in your check.Salary is  when you get paid no matter how much time you spend at work where as hourly, you get paid for every hour you work and overtime parameters apply to it. Most folks prefer hourly because they make more money and they don't spend 16 hours a day at work, 7 days a week. You just don't have the prestige of management in the hourly. Hope this helps!!Salary means you work more.  Hourly means you work less.Salary means you are paid a certain amount monthly no matter what.  And hourly means you are paid by the amount of hours that you come in.If you are getting paid salary, you are usually paid a set amount of money per month, or per year. How many hours you work does not matter in this case. For example, one person makes $50,000 per year.. . If you are getting paid hourly, you are being paid a set amount per hour. For example, one person make $8.00 an hour.If you are on salary, you get paid whether you are there or not - 8 hours a day.  If you are hourly, you have to clock in and out, and you are only paid for the time you are on the clock.  . The downside of salary, most places can fire salaried employees whenever they want, for no reason.  Hourly people have more rights and have to be "written up" before they are fired.  . Lots of places, too, salaried people can't get overtime.  They are paid a straight wage.Salary is when you are paid a certain amount of money for a certain amount of time.  I.E....  $1,000.00 per month.  No matter how many hours you put in .  40 hours per month or 200 hours per month you still only get $1,000.00.  Hourly you get paid a set wage for EACH hour you work.Usually you will get overtime for those hours over 40 per week when you are hourly....BUT not on salary.!
someone who acknowledges you as you come in, pays attention to what you ask or say. either has an immediate answer, or goes to where they can find an immediate answer.guides you through the process or needs to the business they are inThe Moapo Dictionary defines this as;. . Red in the face, sales clerk.When the customer buys more than he had planned. When the customer keeps on saying thank you, thank you, thank you. The bottom line, however, is the customer returns to do business again.when you do what the customer wants you to do - any less, poor - any more - you're wasting resourcesA person employed by the business that handles your business efficently, promptly & with a real concern that you are pleased with the outcome.  Someone who will tell others about their pleasant experience with your company.  Someone who returns to do business with you.
people are greedy but don't forget that this is the need of the hour .... do u know what r the rates going .... every damn thing is expensive here now.... i don't know what is his personal problems but ya i will support the saving of money if u don't have a strong carrier... coz everything is expensive and never reduce.... So save money save water save everything     SAVE UR LIFE>>..... annalise everything and then u will come to know9w that a part of saving money is good...... but ya don't kill ur needs for that .... thts misery... Just do something so that u don't have to save money, i mean just study well and get a good placement.. so u earn good and don't get any tensions in coming life... take care think twice for everything...from diff angels... u will get the answers.. Best of Lucksome people say money is the root of all evil, i say it is the love of money that is the root of all evil, them that have money will always want more money no matter what, nothing to do with being greedy, i have a friend who is the same, she is loaded but will not part with it unless it is necessary, she will pick a penny off the floor because it is there for her.I think it's because the human is constracted so , he  allways want more and better things, and sometimes they can't stop
Name of an indian bluechip company. Considerd as best in employer satisfaction.Infosys Technologies Ltd. (NASDAQ: INFY) provides consulting and IT services to clients globally - as partners to conceptualize and realize technology driven business transformation initiatives.Infosys is an Indian Software Company that provides consulting and IT services.Mr Narayana Murthy was the founder of Infosys.It is listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange as well as on the Nasdaq.Information System.Narayan Murthy, is the founder of infosys.  He started from his car shed.  It is now a global company known for its IT or software solutions.  It has stretched its claws to all fields like bpo, share markets, bringing up the city financially and more opportunities to the yongsters with a big pocket2nd largest IT co. in india with about 50,000 employees having offices in bangalore, pune, chennai, hyderabad, etc and also around the world with many of its clients belonging to the forbes 500 list. listed on the BSE and the NSE and also on the  NASDAQ. N R Narayanamurthy being one its chief founder, and the present CEO is Nandan Nilekani
they act as middlemen between huge real estate deals . and ofcourse ministersthey dont make money. they extract money from others.'chori chori..chupke chupke".By lots of ways, mainly EXTORTION, BROTHELS, SMUGGLING, DRUGS etc.wel to know ths you should readt the godfather. anyway, mst of their money comes from extortion from bussinessmen, kidnapping, drugs, ransom killings. its about everything that you can think of under the sun. probably aided from terrorists outside the country for money.all kind of crime. thats why they are called the underworld.I think its due 2 greedyness of some of the people. I FEEL ASHAMED FOR IT BCOZ IT MOSTLY HAPPENS IN INDIA ONLY. PEOPLE HERE R NOT AT AL SATISIFIED WITH WAT THEY HAV N THIS LEADS 2 THIS CONDITION. THEY DO NOT HAV SELFRESPECT N SO THIS IS GOING ON................. NOT ALL BUT MANY WERE LIKE THIS ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. THERE R EVEN HONESTY PEOPLE IN MY COUNTRY.
Well send your resume to a recruitment agency and also keep scanning newspapers like Assignments Abroad Times etc,. and apply for jobs that match your requirements.GOOD LUCK!Hi. You have not mentioned what type of job u r looking for at Dubai..what is your profession...Your educational qualification..age etc....... . If u can send me mail .I can try to help.u.suggest u ways... OK.. My Mail ID - nikilbr2000@yahoo.com
learn how to spell and quit lyingIf you owned one, surely you'd know that it's really a porshe....Get yourself another one....the next EXIT UP FROM YOURS...their JUNKGrow up and stop dreaming...and it's spelled Porsche.i will assume that you mean porsche and if your telling the truth i would suggest calling a tow truck cell phone payhone whatever you can get the phone number to the closest one from the operator or information its not going to be cheap hopefully you have money on you or call the police dont forget you have the internet look up things like tow trucks los angeles towing emergency tow truck, you dont really have a choice  its a porshe you cant abandon it . whowould anyway even try" call police "in your yahoo search bar. maybe you can do it from the computer be safe good luck. . after writing this i clicked on your picture and noticed you said your mercedes broke down too are you a storyteller?Wake up from your dream.  Your can't even spell the name of the car correctly!!!  Anyone who actually owns that car, would be smart enough to know how to spell it!!  In their sleep!!!!!is that an electric skin de-acne device if so dial 100-neda brainget it fixedTRY LEARNING TO SPELL IT BEFORE SAYING YOU ACTUALLY OWN IT! PORSCHE...I AM NOT SURE WHAT A PORESH IS!what is a poresh? Is that like porridge? And if it's a porsche you are talking about, CALL YOUR MOMMY. Maybe she'll help you. What is with all the teenagers here? And why can'y they ask a REAL REAL REAL question, instead of this stupid SHi*?????????????????????????????????take it back!!!!!!!!! then learn how to correctly spell the name .do not mind!. i am sorry that i do not konw the meaning of poresh!
The current price of Gold is Rs. 10,00,500/- per kilo.. The main cause for gold going higher is trillions of dollars floating around for refuge.. seeing gold prices so bullish stock market gainers feel safe to invest the money in gold with the thought of simply gaining and being winners in the end... all this could probably come to an end with the market crashing but the growth in prices was over due thus it might just stabilise here..The current price of gold in Mumbai is Rs 9970.. Gold price has risen in the local markets due to the price hike in international markets. Price of gold in the local markets always depends on international markets, as it is always said. . According to me, violent international politics, Iraq war, diversion of capital from share market to gold business and peoples reluctance to buy dollar for high rate are the main reasons for gold price hike on the international markets.. There may be other reasons as well.it is almost over 650 now.
Majority of the stores were bought out by other chains.  There are still a few Acme stores located in NJ.went out of business.Still one in Bluefield, VA
they should because they keep everyone safe. good thing i don't have to deal with high school crap anymoreOf course they should have regualar but random locker checks. The ones that say no to this and that they deserve their privacy are the children, and I mean children themselves.  Because only an adult would understand the reasoning behind a seach.  Why should they get their privacy when in reallity, privacy is becoming an exstict word. Randon drug testing while at a job any job, would be invasion of privacy, especially if drugs were only done in the privacy of someones home. Drinking and such. Its the fact these controlled substances stay in your system way after the effects have worn off.  But if this is the only way to keep this world in line, or try anyway, than it must be done.Yes, schools should have regular locker checks. It's school property and they are responsible for the safety of the students. The lockers belong to the school, not the student. Schools should include their locker searching policy in the student handbook, and perhaps have every parent sign a consent form . If the parent doesn't sign, then the student shouldn't be issued a locker.No, schools should absolutely NOT have regular locker checks. They should be IRREGULAR--random. That way, the naughty people won't know the date they should take all their stash, guns, knives, Hustler mags and illicit soda pop drinks out of their lockers and can get caught for doing bad things.Of course they should! You kids have proven time and time again you cannot be trusted! You bring guns and knives to schools, threaten to blow buildings up on myspace, settle petty differences with bloodshed and death! It's for your own protection, if you don't like it, move to China where you'll see what persecution is really all about.No they shouldn't. As students we have rights to privacy and freedom of expression, unauthorized searches without due reason violates those rights.
When did you lose it? if it was just recently try doing a restore and it should bring it back up for you. Good luck.download itVery carefully...have you tried refreshing?. . You might want to restart the process, or try again later.. . Good luck.if it got uninstalled, install it back on your PC....simple as thattry to delete yourself and make a new account
Hiring a family member or a relative in your business.. . Very common in small business.. . Good luck!Favoritism shown or patronage granted to relatives, as in business.It's when you hire a family member for a job over someone qualified. Like when JFK appointed his brother Attorney General.Nepotism means favoring relatives or personal friends because of their relationship rather than because of their abilities. The word is generally used in a derogatory sense.. . For example, if a manager employed or promoted a relative rather than a more qualified non-relative, that manager would be guilty of nepotism.
Try Customs and Immigration USA. .  www.411.com. . Good Luck. _________________________________________________u didn't told that  u r from which country. if u r from india u can get a export liance to export perfumes to any country. u just need a current bank account ur company letter heads and stamp . go and file a application in DGFT office near by u and u will get liacence in a week time.. for more details u can check dgft.nic.in if u need further help try to contect me i am a commision agent and export managment teacher ...u can catch me by my yahoo chat id harry_2143well i imagine you need an import liscence, and if you need an export liscence you would have to say what country you are in now... in any case you don't need a liscense you jsut have to pay customs tax on it.
Robotic Ornamental BonsaiRegistration of Business. Or Like When did you get your ROB licence renew?
It is an identity of a thing which is presented or being shown not exactly the same as it should have been, but wrapped to avoid its real character to be exhibited. For example: "A Public Limited Company" And "A deemed Public Limited Company.deem (d?m) . . v., deemed, deem·ing, deems.. . v.tr.. To have as an opinion; judge: deemed it was time for a change.. To regard as; consider: deemed the results unsatisfactory.Deemed universities R those who dont have approval of AICTE (All India Council of Technical Education) these universities runs on funds given by UGC (Universities Grant Commision). For example RVD ( Rajsthan Vidyapeeth Deemed University) it is affilated from UGC but not from AICTE. But still it is working through India. This RVD have more than 800 study centres all over the India. If you want more information about these universities then just go to following web site. I think you R a college student like me. I want to tell you one thing if you dont have any other choice then only go to these Deemed universities. I hope you understand. Have a great time.I don't know about deemed assessment but deemed is a rather old-fashioned word for understood- as in 'I deemed this answer to be a good one'. Hope this helps a little
It looks if the father dosen't interfere the son will do better.. If all goes at least with a speed that is recently equired Bangalore may become a place to think by 2010.. God knows where the Bangalore will be lead by this polyee - ticians. (Not only Bangalore for that matter whole India).raining!nothing
Give the late person the rest of the day off without pay.only by electronically recording their time will you have a basis for getting them under control.  Either a time punch or go with the ACD phones that you have to log in and out of that records their time away or at their desks.More than 5 mins late, drop their pay by an hopur or make them stay at work to make up the time.written warnings every time and after about 3, one day's work with no payDocument their tardiness in a log with dates and amount of time late.  Keep it in the employees file.  Verbal reprimands for the first two offences, written for the third with a warning that any further offences will warrant further disciplinary actions, up to and including termination.  Keep good records - you will need them to validate your decisions in any labour board disputes.Google serves it's employs free lunch on site.People don't tend to respond to punishments as well as they do to rewards. While it might be satisfying for you to write them all up, or yell at them, those things rarely change the behaviour.. . One suggestion is to reward people for being on time.. . For example some businesses have had success with competitions where the front-runners get put on a bulletin with gold stars next to their names. (Sounds silly but stuff like that can work.) Or for every time an employee is on time you could give them a raffle ticket. They get to put the ticket in a big huge jar and once a month a winner gets picked and given some prize. Alot of times the prize doesn't have to be that big, it's being noticed and being appreciated that does it.. . Good luck.Fire their ass or you could not allow them to come to work for the rest of the day.
Public transportation is spotty at best.  As mentioned in other answers, the most convenient form of public transportatin is in the form of light rail, but routes are limited, so the feasibility of using light rail exclusively is dependent upon you point of origin and destination.  Even so, you may be better served by using busses and living closer to where you work.  In addition to the large MTA system in the Los Angeles area, there are many local bus lines, such as Foothill Transit, which serves the Pasadena area.I would try to get a car ASAP.  LA is huge.  You could ride a bus, but you would probably have to make many transfers, and it would take up a huge part of your day.  Cabs are not a great option either.  A 20 mile drive could easily take an hour.  Rent a car for at least the first few days.  You might be able to find a place to live that is near your work, but I wouldn't count on it.Public transportation here is horrible for sure. You won't get around at all without a car. My suggestion is for you to rent a car from enterprise or budget or...but the point is, you will not like the LA transportation system and traffic jams everywhere.ummmm..... The subways is cool, but it only goes to La, and Hollywood. There are busses if you need transportation, but they are definently not my favorite way to get around. But you do what you got to do. Right??I'm a Southern California native, so this is my place.. Public transportation is spotty.  It really depends exactly where you are as to whether you're going to find a bus or a train.  If you tell me what part of the city you are considering, I can tell you more precisely.  Where is your job?  I can suggest location for you, if you wish.. . Prices in L.A. are fairly high.  Be prepared!. . Please contact me at my yahoo e-mail address with any questions or help you may need.. . Good luck.Public transportation in Los Angeles is very hit and miss.  It depends entirely on the routes you need to take.  For example, if you want to live in old town Pasadena (a nice, cool, downtownish area) and work in downtown Los Angeles, the gold line light rail will work wonderfully for you.  Similarly, if you live in Long Beach around a blue line station, getting to downtown LA will be no problem either.  However, if you have to rely on buses to do all but the shortest trips, you'll be spending a lot of time in an overcrowded bus in slow-moving traffic.  So, it just depends.you are going to need a car. the busses are ugly here
Contact Michigan Motor Vehicle Department.  They will have all the listed suspensions on your driving record and the courts that issued the suspensions.  You can then contact the courts and settle up on what you owe them and lift the suspension.go in person to the DMV, they will tell you who you owe them to.go online to the website
Just sell stuff on-line.  Sell printed information.  People pay for knowledge!renting your friends comics or novels. joining multilevel marketing or insurance company for freelance job. selling girls accessoriesIf you don't think that I am a creep for doing this then I can answer your question. However, there's too much info for me to try to share with you on this site. If you are willing I would like to recruit you into my business:EcoQuest International Technologies Inc..You will have the chance to earn $ 5,000-$ 10,000a month. Thank you for considering, Sincerely Mr Roy Williams,EcoQuest International Director.  Please send reply by e-mail to:(roy_williams24@yahoo.com)
My husbands work implemented a Sick bonus. Basically if you have no absences from work over the 3 months, you get $250 bonus, if you have 1 sick day, it goes down to $100, and if you have 2 or more you don't get the bonus.. . It has seen absenteeism reduce vastlysack the lot of them and do all the work yourself. . zero absenteeism. . problem solvedpay hourly instead of saleryu have three options... first n second have already been told the third option is to declare a holiday.... so that u do not have absenteeism.........lol :-)Have your employees help develop the incentive plan to "reward" no absences.  They may strive to win, if they participate in setting the incentives, rules, penalties, etc.  Good luck!
i think this is the best business opportunity pl. talk with an Amway business owner or mail to me, if you really want to know about Amway. my mail id is chhabhi@yahoo.co.inI suggest not to waste time on Amway kind activities, atleast in India. You will loose resources, friends, social circle and respect. They squeeze individuals to make profits for themselves and sell ordinary products at exhorbitant prices.Well Amway is called 'Chain Marketing'.Once you become a franchisee of Amway you are given products to Maket & Sell.Also you are required to make new members.If you make a new member you are paid commision.Even I don't know how it works exactly but I believe even when you sell products you are given commision.In this way a chain of marketing is formed through expansion of franchisees.Its where you pay to join the company and earn a commission on the products you sell.Their good products but over-priced and hard to sell.Depends on how good a salesman you are and how much effort you are willing to put into it.I have a better paying opportunity I'd like you to take a look at if your willing.Can't hurt right.Only in this one the sales you make keep making you money month after month.If you would like to take a look email me and I'll give you the links so you can see for yourself.jimb4me@yahoo.comZERO business opportunity in amway. . bhul k b in chakro me matt padna. . ok
I haven't been there in like 3 years. I'm surprised they haven't changed things sooner.Gameworks is a large national corporation. Don't judge the whole corporation because of a bad experience at one store. Try registering a complaint to the corporation on their website or try another Gameworks store.mayb set up a blog on it
in some municipalities, there are laws that allow entry to 18 year olds with proper i.d and reason for being there.. and of course, they are not supposed to be consuming alcholol.  and equally important, the establishment is responsible for making sure they are not drinking or being served alcoholic beverages.. so when someone is reported or caught doing so a crime has occured.Contact your state Liquor Board/Commission.  They are responsible for liquor licenses for your state.Call the police and let them know, but you will need to make sure you can prove it.. . Write down the dates and times that it happened, and the names of people who were served, if you know them.ABC Board... . Call the police and let them send a minor in there and they will bust them.. . Always let the law handle this matters.Call the police and let them handle it.Report the bar to the police.You call the police (NOT 911!) & report them.. You call the Better Business Bureau & report them.. You call your local PTA & report them.Easy, call the feds...Tobacco and Alcohol division.Here in Texas, I once went to the local Texas Alcohol Beverage Commission office or somesuch named State department and reported such a violation at a bowling alley "bar and grill".  The "in-house" bar and grill stayed open, but subsequent to the commissions on-site inspection, it became much more difficult to violate their laws, including selling alcohol to persons appearing under the influence or already having bought numerous beers.
find a construction company putting up buildings. tell them your experience with interior drcoratingLook for positions that require your honed skills...be patient it will come...have a portfolio of past projects to show and brag about. When the proper company surfaces then dig in.. . Good luck :)
Nothing that I know of.  Perhaps you mean ambition, which is a desire to achieve something.  Like the ambition to be an astronaut.There is no meaning since ambission is not a word in the English language. Do I get 10 points??You must be thinking of 'ambition'. It is your heart's desire to achieve something.Admission or ambition? Check your spellinga desire or motivation to progress ones position in life.
Go to Zimbabwe, your $1000 becomes 101,380,380 Zim $.. . forget being a millionaire, you'd be a billionare!yeah couldn't put it better plant it and water it and it just might grow!!! or you could try the option of going to zimbabwe where you could be come a billionaire. Good luck yeahYou have another $999,000 more to go. Keep it up.Use that money for one of these get rich quick schemes. You may be millionair.Get a J.O.B !!!When you find out can you please let the rest of us know???!!!!Take that 1000$ plant it in soil water it and wait for it to grow. in the mean time get a job! Cheers!now that you have $1000 try to get ways to make another $1000 and another $1000. when you get $10,000, just do the same, they say it works. :DThe only way that is going to happen is if you hit the lottery. On the other hand,if you really want to get rich start by opening up your own business or invest that $1,000 in a in a company that's already has a high success rate like mine. EcoQuest International Technologies Inc. If you really are serious the send your reply by e-mail to:(roy_williams24@yahoo.com).
Not all white people hate Mexican's. However, unfotunately there are people in every race that do not like another.now you are putting all the white people in the same basket... that is as bad as you saying all Mexicans hate white people... that is not true at all for both.. Watch the movie "Crash" lately?. You should.i think it's because it's hard to accept what we don't understand. there is the ignorance factor also. and it's not only white people, every race has it's prejudices against another. . and the world is not going to change. this is the way it is, we just have to learn to deal with it, and try to teach our children that we are all equal. and hope that they teach their children...
Ehhh.... Ummmm.... . Local sports gym can hire an obese male stripper in order to show what can happen if people wouldn't join them.. Anyway, thanx for funny question.unless you want to clean up puke after it closeswell, if you continue to starve, you will no longer be obese. Than you can pretty much work at any strip joint. See..theres always an upsideTry switching to sumo mud wrestling.Uhhh...no. But snaps to you for creativity.Just a Brothel ! it will work out !Not good ,Even heavy women want to look at a thin ,sexy man.There isn't. To be a stripper you would have to have a good body which means you have to be in shape, have good muscle and be nice and clean. You can however become a stripper if you choose to workout about seven days a week for one hour just to burn all that fat. Other than that, you don't have much luck if you don't workout.Try bartending. No one wants an obese male stripper. There are better ways.Try it, it sounds like a great ideal, what ever it takes to get through these tough times...Good Luck
Becasue there is more principle at the beginning.  If you take a $20,000 loan, at the beginning the interest is figured on $20,000.  But towards the end, the interest is figured on less, as you have already paid some of the principle down.Because the principal(the amount owed) gets lessen with each subsequent payment you make.they got a rule to get interest before anythin else, economicly its not a big deal but its more a concepti worked for my grandpa in in private things like that so i got always instruction to take interest before anythin coz also if there is a problem by law u can discus or argue about the interest percentage if u dodnt paid it yet so tht make lotta reasons to begin takin interest before the integral moneychecking whether you can go furtherY u worry. there is no need 2 pay anything. principal or interst
What's a "CV"????are you talking about a resume.....there are professionals who do this. Look if your local paper under the employment section. people post these ads all the time
You are sweet to want to help. Just do some housework and tell him you don't want any allowance or anything for it. He'll be alright. Hopefully, he had insurance or they catch the turd who did it.At 13 you are learning how terrible the world can be and how badly it hurts when people steal. But this is something your dad is taking care of and it will make him feel worse if he knows you are worried about it.  He might be saying things are worse than they really are, just venting is what they call it.  But for you, just do things for him, help his day when he comes home, and dont ask for things your really do not NEED right now to waste money on.  We do waste a lot of money in America. Last but least NEVER rob anyone !! It will make him happy you turned out so well.i'm sorry for your situation.  you're too young to hold a job unless you mow lawns or babysit.  here are some money saving tips, though:. -try as hard as you can to take short showers and conserve energy by always making sure that you turn off the lights, tv, etc. when you aren't using them (save money on the bills). -don't buy stuff that you don't need (always ask yourself whether or not the thing you want to buy is something you actually need, if you do need it, then buy it.). -don't buy lunch at school, make it at home (assuming that you don't make your lunch at home). . GOOD LUCK with this!!!  i hope that you can pull through it okay.  you're a considerate 13-year-old.Advise him to get some insurance and try to find ways to curb your spending right now.His insurance should take care of it. If he had none, it is best to just be understanding of the financial crunch, help around the house at home without being asked, make up your bed, pick up your clothes, mow the yard, take out the garbage. Reducing stress, housework, chores, having to cook and clean up for a family is hard, both your parents would be very appreciative.BE KIND AND JUST HELP AND DO NOT BE A BURDENBless your heart. Ask your Dad if he has insurance on his business. If not, are there any Chic-filets in your town? They hire 14 year olds, so once you turn 14 you can apply there. They may hire your Dad as well. They may let you work the same hours to help with cost of gas at least. You can mow yards or care for pets when owners have emergencies come up and need someone to feed/water and let their pets out. If you like little children you could baby sit for neighbors. Do you attend a Church? They might have some one who could use you or your Dad at one of the members business'. Also check and see if they have a  program like Crown Financial. They teach good financial practices. Check with your local Better Business  They may know someone who needs employees or of a program that could help your Dad get on his feet. Could your Dad teach a class on whatever type business he runs at a local tech college?. If you are used to expensive clothes, or buy lots of tec games and music CD's then, make do with what you now have.. You did't mention a Mom and I will not ask why. But if both of you cook, here are some suggestions to help stretch food,and cleaning supplies as well as cut down on cooling and electric bills.. . You can stretch any meal with lots of rice. A can of ravoli, pinto beans, chicken stew, or pkg. of frozen veggies can be stretched by heating  them and dividing them over a bed of rice. Add corn bread to any of them for variation as well as topping them with single slices of cheese pulled into pieces. You can use onions as well with any of the above foods.  Ask Moms of your friends for recipes of foods you have eaten there or explain your situation and they can give you their ideas as well.. . You can stretch liquid dish washing soap by squirting a small amount into a scrub pad or dish cloth. Rinse immediatly/soak greasy items in hot water. Wash glasses first, be careful how you put them in hot water or they may break. Hot does not mean hot enough to burn skin..ok? But warm can be used to wet the glasses. Then scrub glasses in and out with a bottle brush, rinse well and drain. Air dry or dry with dish towel and put away. Keep working on the dishes til the dirtiest are last to go in. Use the same procedure. Wet, wash/scrub inside and out top and bottom each dish and pot til the sink is empty. Drying and putting away as you go. You can stetch the soap this way or put some in a smaller squeese bottle with more water than soap to stetch it even more. You can do fabric softer the same way as well as with liquid laundry detergent to stretch them.. . Electricity: Cut down on it by reading outdoors, use the flashlights you can shake and they self charge for light inside. You can use them to read by as well. Find things you and your Dad can do on weekends out side. Take a walk and talk about whatever is on your minds. Do yard work together, fix or repair something; or learn how to together.. Hot? If your fridge makes ice put some in containers you can make from milk jugs. Just cut off the top 1/3 or so of the jug and put ice and water in it. Plug an electric fan in and place the water in front of the fan blades and turn it on. This will help keep your bedrooms cooler at night too. Got a basement? Place a fan in front of the door down to it and pull the cool air of the basement into the upper rooms. If you have a hallway to your rooms place a fan ther to push the cool air into them. It works and can drop the temp. upstairs 8-10* depending on how much shade is in your yard.. . Use the mirowave or a toaster oven instead of the oven. They take less time and electriciy. Eat sandwiches of  banana,tomato,lettuce,or pkg meats with cheese and mayo. Peanut butter & butter, peanutbutter & jam or jelly, banana with mayo or with peanutbutter, lettuce & tomato. And they are all good with cheese. Salads  can be made out of watermelons,cantalopes,grapes & oranges;  you can make a salad of oranges, apple slices, grapes,walnuts or pecanrob someoneso get a job and help him outAt 13 there is nothing you can do.It's your dad's business,let him handle it. If he owns his own business then he has insurance and they will help him if he was really robbed.
I would request a public defender or hire the best attorney your money can buy.  All felony has the potential to land you in prison and lose all your civil rights.i live in texas and that'll get you 12 to 15 years.  and that's if you get a lenient judge.I sure would hate to be the fresh meat for 15-20 years---Good Luck and take the bottom bunk!I think intent to deliver is more of a first degree felony, not a third.  so yep, 10-15 years.
often you can search the county tax records for the registered owner.  In many counties, the records are online.If you can not find your county records online, you can visit tax assessors office in person and request the ownership information. You can also retrieve property owner name and contact info instantly from commercial online sources, like the one below.
Because rather than go home a make some "Freeze dried Taster choice"( Thanks Samuel L. Jackson of Pulp Fiction) You are paying for a Name, a building and some employees. But Juan Valdez still sells both the same damn bag of beans.So you can pay for the Health plan of their employees. . The coffee is good, but not twice as good as any other gourmet coffee.....and it is fashionable to ge there.Part of it is marketing, however there is a valid reason for why they charge more. They use arabica beans, not robusta.. . Coffee is divided into two categories, Arabica & Robusta. Arabica coffee is the superior type of coffee. Arabica beans are the bean of choice in "gourmet" or "specialty coffees". Arabica coffee beans produce the rich flavor and body found in a good cup of coffee. Robusta lacks this flavor and body.. . There are several differences between Robusta and Arabica coffee beans. Arabica coffee is difficult to grow, and prone to disease, requiring more hand cultivation, and yields smaller harvests per acre. The Robusta species is a hardy, high yielding plant resistant to the numerous pests, which afflict coffee.  Arabica beans are much more expensive, which is why the large coffee companies use predominantly Robusta coffee (think Dunkin Donuts). Sometimes they will blend a small amount of coffee Arabica with a larger portion Robusta.because of the name. the coffee isnt that much better to justify the price.it is delicious and they have every kind of flavorI dont know.because its betterC'mon, you know that Starbucks Coffee is the best. It's worth every dollar.Because they charge you more.
All real estate companies, (or at least most), offer "free" classes and will get you ready for your state exam. just call some and pick the one you think you'll get the most out of.Take the 3 month state real estate course and exam (costs about $270 depending what state you are in).  Once you are liscneced initially, you can work under an agent or broker (depending what field you are interested in).  Then you can work your way up.There is a company that let's you get into the market . with no money down.
The people you want to talk to are the Better Business Bureau.Call the NYC Health Dept. and register a complaint.  They'll be on it in a hurry, that's exactly why people get sick!  Tell them about the re-labeling too.
Sue in small claims court. Go down to the Marion County Small claims on Keystone (at like 65th st), and file. Only costs a couple of bucks.. If you win judgement, you can get attachment of wages.small claims court! You can contact some local collection agencies also to have them collect, they usually will bill the other party for their fees, not sure if you have to pay up front though. Have you written a court threat yet? You might contact the credit bureaus also (Equifax etc.) and see what they suggest. Good luck!Beatdown.You need to determine if the customer cannot pay, or will not pay.  It might be that the customer could make payments over time, return what they bought, give you something in trade, etc.  . . If this isn't possible your recourse depends on what it was you sold them.  If you are a contractor, you can file a lien against the property you worked on.  But if you provided some personal service like mowing the lawn, your resource is limited to small claims court.  . . Small claims court takes time.  Figure 45 days minimum to get a judgement, and then you have to go after them to get it paid.  It helps if you know where their bank is because you can garnish their checking account (do it right before the first of the month when the most money is there) and wages.  . . There are some situations where the customer is a dirt bag and knew they weren't going to pay you.  While it hurts to lose a few hundred bucks to someone like that, sometimes chasing them will cost you more and get you nothing.  Examine the sitaution carefully before you decide what to do.
Economic and best " Do Yoga".. . But you need to discipline your routines on an ongoing basis.call immediatlly at . PRAGYAA JYOTISH. at. 9818245547. . ============. . give reference of mine, mine is ajay mehra. . n u'll get relief very soonCheck out (http://www.reducingstress.net )there is a lot of great content and information on the subject there.. Also the stresseraser is a great product, you can find it at (http://www.buystresseraser.com ) and there is also a link to it at reducingstress.net.. . Good luck.Read books on Stress Management,also train & focus your mind and always remember Do your Best and leave the rest to God.Learn Meditation as it will serve as a stress buster and will also sharpen your mind.Also take short vacations such as weekend trips/getaways where you can destress.GOOD LUCK!These are the tricks to remove stress when we are working.. . - Put motivational thought on your desk or surrounding your work place. . - Listen the light music at work place, if possible. . - Go outside in open space, take a long breath and stretch your arms and legs. . - Wash you face with cold water and feel fresh.. . Wish u stress less working!!!. . Tejash . 0091-98790 55185
file a Hold Mail order with the post office.  When you return, you'll have to pick up your held mail in person.Go here; https://dunsapp.usps.gov/HoldMail.jspYou have to go to the post office and fill out a special form.You can put in a hold-my-mail request at the post office or you can do it online at. https://dunsapp.usps.gov/HoldMail.jspGo to your local post office and ask for mail hold at your address.  They'll give you a card to fill out and it's done.  You pick it up when you get back.Go to your local post office, tell them what you need and they will let you accomplish a form that would indicate your instructions.  They will hold your mail for the time you indicate and At the time & date designated, they will deliver the mail they kept on hold and resume your mail serice.  Make sure you bring with you and Identification which shows your psotal address so they can verify and process your request.You have to go to your local Post Office location & fill out a form with the start & stop dates & they'll hold it for you at the post office.You go to the post office and fill out a suspend mail delivery form. It could also be a vacation form but, you need to fill out that form including the day you want it to start and what day you wish your mail to start being delivered. A mountain of mail, including junk mail, will be waiting for you upon your return. Have a good trip!!The Postal Service can hold your mail if you order them to.  The time limits for holding mail is 3 to 30 days.  If you prefer you can as an alternative to a hold mail order order them to forward your mail TEMPORARILY and give them a date to stop the forwarding.  I've done that in the past.. . The link below is for an online service that will electronically notify your local Post Office to hold your mail.  It's not guaranteed to work for you, because they are only allowing it to be used from some zip codes.  All the zip codes I tested worked.. . For same day service, online requests must be submitted by 2AM CST Monday - Saturday.  Mail can be held from 3 to 30 days.. . They will resume normal delivery of your mail on the date you specify.  If you get back early, write a note to your postal carrier and call the delivery post office to ask about resuming mail delivery early.. . The main customer service number for the Postal Services is 1 (800) ASK-USPS.. . I'm also including a link for you to Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) about holding mail.. . Cheers,  -EN-take your mail box and bring it inside the houseGo to the post office and fill out a mail hold request. they will keep it there for you until you pick it up. I think the maximum hold time is 30 days. This si a free service too. I have used it before.just lock your mail box so that post man can't put mail in to that. or wrote a note on door please block my mail.. . ha ha enjoy madi
You can think of doing accountancy work at home but whether Internet could be useful tool, with particular reference to India, it has practical problems. However, you can use computer for accounting assignments effectively, using popular and commonly used softwares.. . You need to build a good clientale to have a satisfactory work at home.I dont know anything about accountacy work. But I am doing a data conversion job which is home based thru internet. To get this job one should be resident of India and proficient in ms word. This is conversion of pdf file into ms word doc.Would it better if you go find a accountant job, and collects sufficient clients first? You can't be a SOHO without business!u can start own accounts consultancy at ur own place
Mostly due to ignorance. In every race there is good and bad, so discrminiation should not be racially limited. Not to say it is right in any race, but I think it is more recognized among blacks because they tend to cry out against it more, so it is made public regularly. Which cycles to why they tend to get treated differently.Because people are afraid to say anything to a black person without getting a hate crime. People feel sorry for them because of their ancestors being slaves even though that has nothing to do with black people today.There are lots of reasons. Why can a black person say Black Pride and nothing would be thought of it but if a white person said White Pride they would be labeled as a racist? Why is there a black history month and not a White History month? Why is there a black college fund and not a white college fund? There are lots of questions that need to be answered!i have news for you. people treat every race differently....because white people are different than black people.. . Not better or worse, just different.Pure and simple IGNORANCE!!!!because their brains are small and they are stupid, shallow and probably inbred.. . . I D I O T SBlack peole treat other people differently too.why do Americans treat Latinos and other races different coz they not black? It's not akways black and whiteBecause white people use their butts for brains..but black people can be the same way towards us as well.
Wat is a tata indicom num?why u want it?. hope not for spam sms marketing.. My friend operates an agency for tata indicam.. If the requirement is right, cantact tata indicam ppl directly.go its  web  site
Where have you seen it and in what context?It's short for joint. The British are going to get rid of sterling and start to trade in weed instead. So my mate told me.
A consultant for what? Agriculture, video game sales, stock market investments, Dow Jones-what?start by ur own n by ur mind
The BEST place to eat is a place in AUSTRALIA called hamburger kingdom!! hehe. . they have everything from. The most fatty burgers u could eva want to find to healthy ones. fish ones, chicken, veggie, turkey, bacon, steak.... u name it, they have got it... it gets served up with the best eva curley fries, a little flag on top of your hamburger with your choice of sauce...... eg: tomato, sour cream, sweet and sour, bbq, tarte, steak sauce, soy sauce, cream cheese, choc fuge(yummy), mayo, sweet chilli, taziki, spicy capsicum.. and thats only naming a few... and they also have the BEST range of drinks . eg. soft drink. AWESOME milk shakes. grog. thick shakes. kool bottled water (awesome pink glass bottle to keep). tea coffee etc.... root beer.. (float). cocktails . etc..... and im not going to tell you about the desserts u need to check them out for yaself! heheheheHow did you land in Everett, of all places? Did you get a job at Boeing or something?. I really don't have an answer for you. I've lived in Renton my whole life and have never had a reason to dally in Everett.
You should check the receipt on the way back or something and ask them about it.  If all the prices are different, then you need to talk to the manager about it.  It's not fair to you or the customers if you experience the same problem time after time.If you keep going to the same store and having the same problem, it's your fault.check receipt before leaving the store...duh!maybe you should check this stuff while it's being rung up.  just a thought...
I'm from Chicago..You can call RTA at 1-773-836-7000 Press 0 and speak to a customer service Representative and ask them the same question you just asked us and they should be able to help you. Tell them where you are coming from and where you are trying to get to. Hope this help you and Good Luck!!Take the blue line to either Clark and Lake or Washington.  From there it is a short walk.
Delivers babies. . Dr. Huxtable is one.specializes in the care and treatment of prenant women and sometimes their newborns. most usually seen OB/GYN. some who are just GYN don't take care of women if they are pregnant but handle all other female problems.
This may not help in the UK, but in the US, businesses are supposed to be registered with the town clerk, in the city or town hall.  You might see if there are comparable people in the local that you think that the business was in.Hi, Your local council have lists of businesses in the area.  They may have information on companies present and past.. Hope this helps in your search.get in touch with your local companies house or go on their websitewhere about in the midlands..?. maybe i could help in some way
i dont know ..manScheduled banks are those which have Government stake.. . Cooperative banking, also called Mutual savings and lending, exist in most parts of the world. This system offers financial services in a cooperative basisSCHEDULED BANKS have government stakes (backup) and if anything goes wrong with the bank operations, government will support them.. . COOPERATIVE BANKS are made by an Individual or a group of trusted people in a community or on small scale. Government approval is needed to start such bank, however government does not supports if anything wrong with these ones (which usually happens). SCHEDULED & NATIONALISED BANKS PREFERED...............When the banks were nationalised some of the banks were kept on a joint basis but with the same functioning laws of the RBI. These banks are almost nationalized in the sense that they are mostly government owned over 50% shares and are strictly under the control of the RBI.. Co-Operative banks are not really banks as such, though they do banking business. We may call them co-operative credit societies, which are registered and governed by the cooperative laws of India and state laws. They are governed by the registrar of co-operative societies, and if they do banking business, they have to register with the RBI and meet some of its recent stipulations.Sheduled banks are the banks which are sheduled in a govt. list. and the co operative ones are  made by some people on commom co operative base.scheduled banks are regulariesed by RBI to operate as a bank which can have their connection to the NFS (national financial switch) by RBI.. . There is no necessity for the goivernment to hold stakes in scheduled banks but it will follow the guidelines stipulated by RBi and RBI will monitor its activity every now and then.. . so when it comes to liquidation or loss the loss to the depositors is very minimal.. . but when it comes to co-operative banks the accounts can be given to the shareholders of that particular co-operative bank and they themselves can internally transact.eventhough they can issue cheques they cannot issue Demand Drafts and even if they issue such things it cannot be accepted by others.further to that the guidelines for co-operative bank is different .the difference is like between Pvt ltd company and a listed limited conpany.
Assuming that you're in the UK go here.......... . http://www.royalmail.com/portal/rm/jump3?mediaId=26800663&catId=400043Go to the link, all you need is a computer, internet access which you obviously have, and a printer. Good old Royal Mail, really getting with it.Not sure which country you're from, but the United States Postal Service website has a "buy stamps" section at. http://www.usps.com/shop/welcome.htm?from=homedoorwaybar&page=0003buywww.Stamps.com <------ go there I think that is what you are looking for.
Just what it says; a person who will work to bill customers and  record the information as directed. Could be on a computer, a typewriter by hand.. Not a difficult job but one that has to be done on time and with no mistakes!. Cheers!go to merriam websters online dictionary....Look it up like everyone else does...good god!!!!!!
I would NOT suggest it because, you'll probably have to give your account number.  (That you don't want to do) your account would be cleaned out before your check gets good in the account.  Just try a payday advance or something if you need a loan.Online payday loan companies are subject to a lot of legislation and although you can find scammy companies on street corners, most online payday loan companies are legitimate.. . Payday loans are an absolutely last resort if you have no other means of raising emergency cash. There's some advice about this on this website. Good luck!you  won't.  Most  of  them  ask  for  a  verification  code  that  is  nowhere  on  the  application  and  you  cannot  continue  with  the  application  until  you  have  it.  But  be  warned:  if  you  apply  for  on-line  payday  loans,  it  will  show  up  on  a  report  that  you  have  a  loan  with  them  when  you  do  not  and  then  it  will  be  harder  to  get  a  loan  from  any  check  advance  place  mainly  because  they  don't  want  you  to  be  overly  extended with  other  payday  advance  places.They are not legitimate.  They just want your account numbers.
son of success!vijay means jayam or victory. Kumar means kumaran. Vijaykumar means veterry makan, as above son of success... . I hope you will have the success throughout ur lifeThe above meanings are correct. But my name emanated from the year, in which I was born. The Hindu Calender has name for every year, like Chinese. I was born in year 'Vijaya'.
No. Let the emps do as they please. Lat them use the post-its for writing dirty notes to eachother while ignoring the faxes coming in and playing around on the internet. Let them smoke, drink, and have sex on the job. Let them bring their kids to work if they want. Let them ride their motorcycles right in the front door every morning if they see fit. Let them have farting contests if they feel so inclined. Let them wear their friggin pajamas to work if that's what makes them happy. It's gonna happen either way, so why try to stop it?misuse of what?No, a certain level of abuse will always be there no matter what you do. Try to live with it.Depends what it is, talk to the Unions or Dept of Workplace Relations, either should be able to advise and or helpYes, your Computer Technician can block internet use on company computers.If what you mean to ask is, is there a way to stop being treated like garbage at work then the answer is to get an education and become indispensable at what you do.  Other than that no, because managers are not nice people and truly only look out for their interests.There's always a way, even if it means firing them.  . . You must give more information as to the type of misuse in order to offer other alternatives to terminating the employee.
Everyone in Bensonhurst goes to Bay Ridge to shop, eat and go drinking.  There are shops on 3rd avenue from the 70's to the 90's.  There are also bigger stores on 86 street between 4th and 5th avenues.I can think of a thing or two(-;This is all I found on the web word for word:. . Bensonhurst. Bensonhurst natives consider their neighborhood the true "Little Italy." Italian fare is ubiquitous. A favorite is L&B Spumoni Gardens (718/372-8400) renowed for its mouthwatering square pan pizza. One of Bensonhurst's historic landmarks is the New Utrecht Reformed Church, (718/236-0678) the oldest church in Brooklyn, dating back to the 1700s. TV nostalagists note, Bensonhurst was the setting for Welcome Back, Kotter and The Honeymooners.. . http://brooklyn.about.com/cs/neighborhoods/a/Neighborhoods.htmLike Billiards? Nice place at 1741 Bath Ave, open until 2 am. . They have Air Hockey, Arcade Games, Karaoke & Ping  Pong too. Marshall's on 86th and 18th Ave is good for late shopping. Best Sushi place (Shiki) is right across the street from Marshall's. Take a walk on 86th and you'll find a lot of good spots for shopping and dining.get mugged
Sometimes communication between business associates can identify some troublesome customers.. . Do you have the customer sign an estimate or work order before any work is done?You can't Until you deal with them.Depends on your line of business... you might find out when you screen your client.. . Let us know what business you are in and we may be abe to help.Don't ignore those small clues.  Be like Sherlock Holmes.There's really no way to know for sure until it's too late.  Generally, you can tell which customers are troublesome once they start asking questions, but that doesn't make them a bad customer.  Some people are just a little freaky, the best rule is the oldest one, "the customer is always right, even when he's wrong".  If someone starts a problem, it's usually in your best interest to de-fuse the situation in some way.  This may mean losing a little product or money, but a settlement means you avoid losing business from a bad reputation, so it usually works in your favor.
DHLHey, I ship merchandise all over the world and the post office is the cheapest I've found. UPS and FedEx have inflated costs that don't offer anything extra that the regular post office can't already provide.
http://www.realifewebdesigns.com/web-resources/open-ebay-store.html - good luck!You go to the E-bay site and read the instructions.   It's all right there.
<>Probably because the tower is using a private line (PL) frequency that is off the main by several hundreths or thousandths.  Set your receiver to scan within a small range around that frequency and you will probably find it.I probably a blocked frequency for securityReceiving the planes versus the tower is normal in aviation.. . The planes are several hundred to thousand feet in the air. The tower is only probably at best a 100ft off the ground. Unless your withing about 10-15 miles of the tower your not going to hear them.. . The planes can hear the tower due to their height, just as you can hear them due their height.. . While this is a little US versus Australia centric, its a good primer:. http://www.freqofnature.com/aviation/index.html#Aviation
Any plot in Hyderabad,near the Intl airport or Bangalore /Mumbai Highway is worth the money.But you need to be extra careful ,while investing in plots ,since most of the plots are not recognized by the Govt and there are lot of real estate agencies trying to ditch you and run away.Lot of Investors have got trapped after investing and in fact,one would also get the registration details,but when ,verified,will realize that they are fake.Now that Hyderabad is in boom,there are lot of Flyby night operators working on this and one has to be extremely careful while investing.Most of the real-estate sharks do a good propaganda,develop a govt site partially,will give you  a free visit to the site ,take your money and also will give you "authentic papers" also.Unfortunately,the local govt sleeps and then suddenly wakes up and then realizes that somebody is sitting in their land and come and throw you ,So please be extra- extra careful.while investing in plots in hydmaheswaram is hype invest at Miyapure kondapure Kukatpally area i mean the west sub-urbans of hyderabad. the real business areas.you can invest on maheswram.the new airport i shamshabad is coming near that place only.any land in maheshwaram mandal is worthy now.
Call the number. If it's a legitimate business, they'll be happy to give you their address.idkYou can look in the business section in the phone bookWhy not give them a call and say, "Hi, I'm violeta2dulce - who the hell are you?"have to tried yellowpages.comwww.whitepages.com. . Go to reverse phonewhy don't you try calling the number hopefully then you'll find out the business name from the receptionist or answering machine & then you can look it up on the web? good luck!. xoxtry:. . whitepages.com and click 'reverse phone' . . or. . reversephonedirectory.com. . or. . call them :Pcall the numberTry using reverse number lookup.. . Here's one of many:. . http://www.reversephonedirectory.com/go to . www.switchboard.com. and select the reverse number tab on the topA starting point may be to call the number and ask if they have an on-line resource, or web page.go to google and type in reverse look up and it will take to a site to get the info. you needTry calling the telephone number.  I'm sure they know what their business is.  That's how they used to do it, before people depended on the internet for everything.   Ahh... sign of the times.search on the ph# in GoogleIf its a land line number meaning if its not a cell phone number type it into the search box on Google and you can get an address.
search it urself cause I'm too lazyThat's area code 425.. . The prefix 749 is the same as my husband's.http://www.melissadata.com/lookups/phonelocation.asp . this website can help you get the area code.area codes go by the city you are calling. find the city, look it upTry this site:  . . http://www.nanpa.com/area_code_maps/ac_map_static.html
Freedom of choice! AT&T, Time Warner if you will also have a home computer or cable... Of course now a NEW COMPANY "CRICKET" (saw location off Antioch Rd. North of Vivian Rd) where you get cell phone w/unlimited FREE minutes w/LONG DISTANCE (so the ad says).. . W/the Cell plan you would have your phone at work, rest or play.... . Good luck in your choice!If you're talking cell phone, do NOT get Verizon.  They will screw you over until you can't tell left from right.  They will lie to your face about what is happening in your plan and then charge you for things that they promised you wouldn't be charged for.. . I have Sprint now.  They are so much better...definitely not perfect, but better.. . If you're talking normal phone, look into Everest.  They bundle TV, internet, and phone.I have had Time Warner for 2 years now and love it.  Have the cable, internet, and unlimited digital phone for  one price.at&t and Cingular give me the most bang for my buck... both have very flexible plans ranging from 'A' to 'Z'.. . If you do the cable phone thing, just remember you will NOT have service if/and/or/when the electricity goes out unless you have a Cell phone as a backup...with car charger!I'm with SBC now called AT&T or you can go with Time Warner Cable which offer cable, phone, internet, and cellular.
no alcoholic beverage containers can be in an occupied vehicle (if you're returning deposits they need to be in the trunk, back of a pickup, etc.)  most police won't bust your butt about it unless you're actually DUI or have done something else to make them want to ticket/arrest you, but keep them out of the car's "cabin" just to be on the safe side.....do not dive around with it,outher then that i walk the neighboor hood,,,,,,,,,,,,buffalo ny
You need to contact the Human Resources department to get a new W-2 issued.  If you're anticipating next year's tax season, you'll have to wait until after December 31.Kroger-the grocery store. Isn't the main office in like (Duluth) Gwinnett County? Call them.
Mobility make people useful for themselves and others. So they travel for various reasons round the year. As traveling remain in big demand, so the travel related services. Therefore travel turn out to be a lucrative business.Because travel is always in demand, in spite of any economic circumstances.  In times of prosperity, people have extra money for leisure travel.  In times of inflation, business travellers will spend for consultation to make the most of their necessary travel dollars to search out bargains.
you buy stock, you pay a broker a fee.. You sell stock, you pay a broker a fee.. You make a profit, you pay a broker a fee.. you lose money, you pay a broker a fee.. . That's about all you need to know.demand and supply. and also future earning expectation. technically no one knows how it works, as it is very hard (read impossiable) to predict
So people will live and work in them. Florida is freakin awesome.they can't build out so they have to build upHigh rises reduce urban sprawl.  Imagine how much land all of those people would take up if each apartment / condo was a single family home.  High rises will actually reduce traffic by compressing more people into a smaller area, thereby reducing the need to commute.
If I'm paying cash for something and the store insists on my phone number I refuse to give it to them. If they won't take no for an answer, I'll go somewhere else. Don't let these people intimidate you. They are in business to make money if everyone said no and left they would either stop or go bankrupt.I have encountered it. The only reason I was told once was they are basically polling to see what areas people are coming from to shop there so they send out mailings to general areas. Makes more sense then to use zip codes right? So I think I was liked to! hahaha
Here is a list of Wal-Marts in the D.C. area. Good luck!go to walmart.com to find outgo to wal-mart.com and click on store locator.  It will ask for your zip code and will tell you the 10 closest stores.i know there's one in germantown, maryland.  It's the only one in Montgomery County where I live.Columbia MD, Laurel MD east russett green, neither are 24 hours. www.walmart.com  check out store locator
I would definitely go to a large school system..  contact their purchasing dept. and get on their bid list.  Go to the dept and ask to look at the previous bids and try to be more competitive...List on-line and craigslist.orgThere is a company out there that will FAX the hell  out of local businesses for you.. . Try them.you can ask your neighbourhood for promotion, if they want to promote, you give them a little commission,. This can increase your sales fast.A web site would help.  Check out Ad Land Pro for a FREE site.ebay.comFind someone who needs to launder lots of money and filter it thru you buisness.More prospecting?  Cold Calling...?. . Are you able to set prices?  If so, raise them.
if u have done the transaction online... the details wld be reflected on the summary pagewell it depends on what company you used.. . if you used paypal, theres a payment tracker you can view.. . or you can always call whichever bank you use. they should be able to tell you :)Check your bank account statement/balance.  Internet banking if you have access to it, otherwise get your passbook updated.  You should see aline item for the amount you are expecting, otherwise you didn't get the correct amount.
A lot of luck, because a lot of small bakeries fail in the first year. but I hope you get started OK and make a fortune, good luck!Haa Haa Crabsody!  I love the way your mind works!!!once upon a time i made a detailed project on dis...hope so i can help u out...welll ill go point wise...1 ..check for the location...area..where ull start it ..2.. is it an owned shop or on renatl basis...3..check out n search for a good baker /chef?? n work out on wat basis he will work for u ...can be on fixed salary..percentage basis or comision on sales..4 .. search for a bakery equipment manufacturer ..there r many nerby vasai n all...can search on google or ask me ...mmm or the hotelier and caterer site..5... work out on wat equipments ull require to start up..start up on a smaller scale.. then work out on the mode of payment with the manufacturer ...cash or installment...6... calculate the risks ull have to bear on u r capital for say 1 year...cos ull take maximum 1 year to settle down...so calculate the expenses ull bear without profit for a year and the capital expenditure ...so dat ull come to know u r strength to survive...7...work hard n show how creative u can be...apart from running items a bakery serves ...u need to have a speciality to attract customers...welll...8...last but not the least...hope u r luck . goes well along with u r hardwork...n yes do check how will u advertise ....cos dat is one important thing in starting anythng new...and .....welll u can always ask me if u have any further queries...my email id dharmesh11in@hotmail.com.....or u can also sms me on 9324111999...mmmm n yes ...have done my hotel mgmt from ihm ahmbad...i dont know wat u have done...but i thnk u must have done some course for it...wellll.. goood luckyou'll need a lot of dough.  hahaha!!Cookery course from reputed institues who can  teach the basics of each and  everything . . Bakery is just a small% of the food sector nad making some impact over this unned to workhard as there are already established players in India -whether organised or unorganisedso better concetrate over small area and develop market and after that think of moving ahead....  if u done with cooks then u nned to  concetrate over marketing like organising free bakery goods to people to  promote themselves.. . and many more ideas u can use...Darn - Stephen beat me to it - lolAs basic answer as your question is:. . Requirements are investment matching the scale of your proposed venture, premises, ovens, bakery equipments, bakers staff, marketing - procurements and selling, compliance with rules and regulations...... . Cost would depend upon the scale of business and range of products you would like to produce. and time to settle in the food sector business is any body's guess in view of your current approach to your proposed venture!!!. . Otherwise, if you are serious about your venture and want to know definite answers to all your above and other questions, take a systematic approach to your business plans and execution. If you yourself don't know, engage an appropriate expert to build your business plans, its model and execution steps for a logical and satisfactory performance.Money,quality,Marketing.....if ur interested i can think of investing in ur business.R u looking for  a partner? and where u in mumbai.BIG BUNS.lots of dough !  ( $250,000 ). .  do you know what famous song was written. by the pilsberry dough boy ?. .   ( you kneeded me ! )......lol.......lol.......lol.......
16th edition city and guilds,. then progress to an NIC certificate... the full name for NIC is NICEIC and a search will bring the niceic website... before it was named someting like zirchen (dont remember correctly, someone feel free to correct me). this is actually my 2nd plan if i get nowhere in life :-)Learning how to rob a bank and look after a horse!!!! I'm here all week!!!!!graduating junior high and the ability to put 2 wires togethernone just take a crack at it. learn by experience eh?16th edition in city and guildsMechanical aptitude is helpful as is a math background.
Try all the religous groups and community organizations.  Practice interviewing.  Some of these places ask really weird questions on interviews, like "if you were a piece of clothing & had a tag on yourself, what would it say?"Have you tried the labor movement?  Even though it says they want folks with organizing experience, that's generally not true.  Just the drive to want to do it is enough.... It's great work.
Depending upon the size of the operation and the physical layout of the rooms you will be networking, companies do sell small business systems that you can install yourself.  I worked for AT &T Home and Small Business Division, before they evolved into Lucent Technologies, and we sold several systems that could handle up to 4 telephone numbers, transfer calls between phones, provide intercom abilities, etc.   Check the included websites to see if they will provide the capacity that you require.BY CALLING THE PHONE COMPANY???? THAT WOULD BE A GOOD START !!!
david c has the right answer, call the main city hall in downtown la, tell them what area of the city your business in located in and they will tell you your where your neighborhood city hall is located at, for example, if your in the hollywood area, our city hall is on fountain and wilcox.hi my name is james, go to , or contact the state board of equalization. to get a resellers permit it is free.. . this is if you want to sell a product , wholesale to retail. . jamesYou can start without anything, but you should get a business licence from the city, register the 'doing business as' (DBA) name that you're using and also get a federal tax ID number (like a social security number for busiensses). You don't need to incorporate.. . You can either do this through directly with the city and the IRS (a bit painful), or you can hire a company to do it for you - lots of those around and a web search will give you lots of options.. . Good luck!
I would personally get a BB gun and start shooting.  That would be the easiest and fastest method (a little sad, but what can you do).  Obviously a gun with a larger calibre would be more effective, but it would also likely put a hole in your roof, so stick with the BB's.  And I would do it at night when there are no customers around.buy a hawk...and do not feed him..lolA cat will gladly help.Don't bother with BB guns. Buy a shotgun for shooting the pidgeons.
City Charter (IAH) /Chamber of Commerce---601 Sawyer Street, Find A Niche-competition is fierce yet you can make a living.Not sure if changed   But will need 2 town cars and 1 stretch--- GET An   Agent/Broker/Dispatcher  (outside sales) to help you book your cars and pay them..Youll have to buy someone out. If you get lucky, maybe 50-100k.My partner lost his shirt in that business.. I hope that you are careful.
a copy writer is a person who writes text, or copy, for clients. Most copywriters work in advertising or marketiing, producing thats intended to persuade a reader to buy a product or service or otherwise take action. Copywriter can include body copy, slogans, headlines.A copywriter is........ One who writes copy, especially for advertising.He/she is a person who composes a story in appropriate words to be published in a newspaper.It's a person who writes, well, copy----usually advertising copy for brochures, sales letters, etc.
Technological breakthroughs improve our quality of life, raise consciousness and create new opportunities for discovery and growth.   While there is often a period of adjustment during a paradigm shift, the end result is greater efficiency which means less resources being used to accomplish the same task.  Air conditioning has made many parts of the country inhabitable, the internet allows a melding of minds and dna mapping is creating cures everyday.$ and $$.  Sometimes technological breakthroughs bring adventure, spinoffs, easing of oppressive situations, a longer and easier life, improved communications, less waste.
A branch of Biology(Life Sciences) that deals with the study of the development of stages of foetus from zygote to a full mammal.The study of embyos:  Like development of zygotes and life forms not yet born or hatched.study of embryo. about development and growing.the study which deals with the female gametes is known as embryologyhow do i know?The study of the embryo and its development from a one-celled zygote (fertilized ovum) to the establishment of form and shape (at which point, if it is an animal, it becomes a fetus). A subfield of developmental biology
depends which plant. each runs differently. maybe try to set up a tour with a plant who's methods you are interested in knowing....Hello,. . Different packing plants use different techniques, much the same way that different florists use different techniques to create the balance and visual appeal that they are looking for.  Avoid the hype.  I have not visited every packing plant in this country, but I am certain that inhumanity is, at most, a small minority of locations.  The truth is that in America, we treat our animals better than people treat each other in some countries.  Meat is part of a well-balanced diet, that is about as natural as you can get.  Certainly much more appealing to me than buying "rock" (minerals) at a pharmacy.It is up to the packing plant or butcher to choose a number of methods set forth by the Humane Methods of Slaughter Act. The Humane Slaughter Act, or the Humane Methods of Livestock Slaughter Act, is a United States federal law designed to protect food animals during the moment of their slaughter. It was passed in 1958.. . "No method of slaughtering or handling in connection with slaughtering shall be deemed to comply with the public policy of the United States unless it is humane. Either of the following two methods of slaughtering and handling are hereby found to be humane:. . (a) in the case of cattle, calves, horses, mules, sheep, swine, and other livestock, all animals are rendered insensible to pain by a single blow or gunshot or an electrical, chemical or other means that is rapid and effective, before being shackled, hoisted, thrown, cast, or cut; or. . (b) by slaughtering in accordance with the ritual requirements of the Jewish faith or any other religious faith that prescribes a method of slaughter whereby the animal suffers loss of consciousness by anemia of the brain caused by the simultaneous and instantaneous severance of the carotid arteries with a sharp instrument and handling in connection with such slaughtering.". . The USDA reguraly inspects plants to be sure they follow these guidelines. I have been in many plants and I know for a fact that they do inspections,electricutedCows and other animals aer killed and treated in the most inhumaine ways you can imagine. Check out www.meetyourmeat.com and check on the vidoe clip. It shows how cows are kept and slaughtered. It's disgusting but it's the truth so it needs to be seen.both are right.  Different places use different techniques.  Also a .22 cal bullet to the forehead
It's pretty good. The have a variety of stuff such as clothing for all the family, toys, houseware, bath and even shoes. And also it's cheap and a lot of the stuff that they have it's actually good brand names. I tell you this because I used to work there before!Its alright, its pretty much just like ROSS, and TJ Max....it's not that good. =[. SOMETIMES, and i mean SOMETIMES, they have a little bit of nice stuff/big brands. but the stuff IS really cheap though, & they have a VARIETY of colors, so maybe you could mix&match some stuff up =]
Microsoft Word or Publisher. It should be the easiest thing.I am a Graphic & Web Designer. Need some design for a flyer?. . My Yahoo ID: Xstrategix
U can do home based job thru internet as is being done by me. This is data conversion job of converting pdf file into ms word doc. To get this job, one should be resident of India and proficient in ms word.maybe this might help you.i  joined this program becoming an affliate and started making money by getting commissions up to 75% for each item i sold ranging from 100,000 products. all u need is to make free advertising for item you sell. dont worry about how to start making the advertisement as they'll guide you step by step. they'll give you lists of places where you can advertise for free as well. or if u are not interested in doing advertising, this program also offers programming, designing, clerical, paid to shop, read email,online survey and lots more. i'm currently working on this. i'm now happy with the profit i made daily.. . http://nhayat123.typehome.hop.clickbank.neti think ebay does something like that- . havent tried it thoughDesign a website and advertise affiliated networks and MLMs offering their products and services.  I would be happy to teach you if your interested.  I've researched network marketing on the net for over 2 years and have found a few programs that work for me.  . . Basically, you need to find out where your interests are and build from there.  Contact me!  Well chat.I've done this for a while and made some pretty good money, not something to replace your day job but it's good for a little extra!. all you do is read your emails from them.. http://hits4pay.com/members/index.cgi?rameyblYou can make money with an affiliate program like me. I'm an affiliate with VIP and it's only been 6 weeks and I've made $200.00 (May) and $100 so far in June already and my total amount invested is $0! The clients that register through your links will be associated with you for life! The more customers you refer the larger your monthly income will be! Click the link below for more info. Click on the "faqs" for good answers to your questions.Best, legal and safe way to earn on internet is by joining paid survey sites. Paid survey sites pay you for your opinion on various topics. . Dont pay for any survey program to join. There are many free to join paid survey like survey savvy they pay more then 5 $ per survey. Always check for on which site you are registering is BBB (Better Business Bureaus) certified. . Global Test Market. http://globaltestmarket.com/join.php?lan.... American Consumer Opinion. http://www.shareasale.com/r.cfm?B=18123&U=149647&M=4998 . Survey Savvy . http://www.surveysavvy.com/ss/ss_index.p.... OpinionSquare . http://www.kqzyfj.com/click-1952702-10386577 . Permission Research. http://www.tkqlhce.com/click-1952702-10386942 . onlineglobalrecruiting. https://www.onlineglobalrecruiting.com/register_htm.asp?refid=infoshine. Greenfield Online Surveys. http://gozing.directtrack.com/sw/1354/CD5333/ . Opinion Surveys. http://gozing.directtrack.com/sw/2160/CD5333/ . spiderMetrix.com. http://www.spidermetrix.com/sm120.php3?r... . SendMoreInfo.com. http://www.sendmoreinfo.com/3043150/3043... . Morvo.net. http://www.morvo.net/8621324 . . You can check the website http://www.dollarmantra.com for more free survey list, affiliate programs and contextual ad program, get paid for reading email & surfing the web and more earning recourses. . . Check the website for freelance work. . http://www.jdoqocy.com/click-1822155-10356603?sid=freelance+jobsDid you heared about sauna bath?? Its nothing but Steambath.. You can take this bath in star hotels for a charge of around Rs.2000/- By starting this at your own you can make more money. You can charge atleast Rs.500/- per bath. Steambath tubs are avail at www.ebay.in. Visit  http://cgi.ebay.in/STEAM-BATH-for-Health-and-Beauty_W0QQitemZ9529603018QQcategoryZ11780QQrdZ1QQcmdZViewItem    to get a steam bath tub.
What is worke?no offense but you need to work on your english. what you mean to say is; "Where can i find work as an auto mechanic?"
By Comparing it to other MO's from that designer, ie American Express, Western Union, US Postal Service, etc.  The Thickness of the paper is another way to tell.  . You can also check the Routing Number, at the bottom of the MO. Determined it they are misaligned or smudged. If they are either, don't cash it.. . GeneAlways demand money orders from the U.S. Postal Service.Spend it... if you don't get busted it was at least good enough to pass....If someone is sending it to you and asking you to deposit it and send cash via Western Union, it's probably fake.  That is one of the oldest internet scams in the books.At a glance, the fake money orders look virtually the same as official US money orders. But when you hold the real one to light, you get a good look at Benjamin Franklin, since his likeness is embedded inside the paper. By comparison, you can't say the same about the fake.
They probably follow the actual minimalist trend. They might revive the "old style" after a little while when "vintage" stuff is "in" again.I blame ThatcherI blame Bush.probably due to costs and planning restrictions. i love the shop signs in the Getreidergasse in Slazburg. go there if you find them interesting and see the one McDonalds have been forced to have to keep with the historic nature of the city!Less is more as the saying goes!i wasn't aware that they ever WERE interesting.  maybe i'm missing something that you can see cos i'm not very observant.. . as for the chain store thing, you're right there.
rob rich people.  sike . anything worth having is worth working forbuying and selling propertiesTry going into food and beverages industry in spore.By working in a jobstudying than working you ass off.
well New york and company is really good for clothes and not that expensive if you wait for sales and the right time. go to macys when theres a sale and says extra 50% off and you will get ample and nice brands including shoes and handbags.I'm plus sized so I don't have many choices at the mall. It's either Lane Bryant, Fashion Bug, or The Avenue. I'm getting smaller (I've lost 50 pounds so far...only about 50 more to go) and I can't wait to be out of the plus sizes!
I thought it was Burlington Coat Factory?! Maybe u were sleepy and just saw the B...It was probably what they originally sold, or it's what they are most known for.. . Like in Drug Stores, they dont only sell drugs but food and countless other thingsWell, I've heard of bloomingdales but never of bloomingdales coat factory. I think you're thinking of Burlington Coat Factory. Maybe, maybe not.Are you sure its Bloomingdales not Burlington coz that is calle Burlington coat factory but it sells a assortment of nice things with designer labels but low prices
My main thing when ordering flowers is the color selection. I like deep, rich colors like pumpkin orange, chocolate brown, blood red, etc. Like fall colors, mostly.i look for something more interesting than just flowers. a decorative vase that can be used again. maybe river rocks and twigs that can be saved after the flowers die. beautiful ribbons and bows. oh--and i hate those generic business card size greetings that come on the arangement. people will spend $50 for a nice arangement, and then they cheap out on the card! i wish there were classier choices in this area.. . i really enjoy progressive, trendy looks, almost a japanese style, a feeling or emotion should be conveyed through flower arangements.
if you know anyone at toyota or in the auto industry, that can help you get your foot in the door...networking is key. . in addition to submitting your resume, try to obtain contact info for the decision makers at toyota manufacturing plant - email, phone, address.... . good luck!my son wrote and got a application from the toyota co. they write you and give you all the imfo you need
"The Fortune 500 is a ranking of the top 500 United States public corporations as measured by gross revenue. Fortune magazine compiles and publishes the list annually"The Fortune 500 is a ranking of the top 500 United States public corporations as measured by gross revenue.
warranty-there is no service charge,but should be collected for to replace repaired part.. . guarrenty-no service charge and no cost for replacement of repaired partWarranties have limits, guarantees don't.warrenty :I think no replacement only repair at customers cost . guarantee:I think only replacement no repair just replace the goods what ever it my bei had a warrant and they took me to jail, i had a guarantee, and still went to jail, im not sure, ....
Nobody likes a snitch.. Are you to much of a coward to face him yourself?. . If you do tell on him will his family retaliate?Revenge is not the answear.thats cold, you will have problems for the rest of your life if you do.Report him to INS and I hope ya do cause Illegals are not welcome here.Well, i think that if he is under section 8, he would have to be living here legally. Also, i think they would be happy that he got a job. Leave the poor man alone, Don't you think he has enough problems?create fake immigration papers to get the heck out of U.S.  If you really want to bring trouble... how about bringing the immigration officials to him.call up ur local welfare office and report him. BUT!!! you better have proof, otherwise u may end up in jail for making a false report. BECAREFULbad karma, dude...you can drop a dime to either the INS or the housing authority...but it's never a good idea to think you can mete out justice to anotherReport him we need to do something about this situation he would probably do the same thing if you were in his shoes we need to start somewhere section 8 money comes from our taxes just think of you handing him over money every monthReport him to welfare, the housing authority, the social security department and immigration services.  Chances are none of them will do anything.call imagration and have his ass shiped home lol ha ha ha thats what i would do get ride of that piece of shitstart with immigration they would probably work the fastest, but don't expect anything done too soon.  Also get some proof that would help your case, and shame on the one who says bad karma. If illegals were not here in our country illegally then maybe our citizens and veterans would not have to live on the streets because the government is busy helping out illegal-es with our tax money.  I would rather see our tax dollars help our citizens.Good luck I guess... our gov. doesn't really care..~shrugsDrop a line to the INS....but before you do think it through..... Has he ruined your life?. Do you realize you are about to ruin his....completely?
malls have a lot of ways to make you purchase things you really aren't looking for.ex.the lighting gives you the idea that no matter what it is doing outside you are made to believe that the out side is perfect.. food courts are always on the upper floors and make up is always on the bottom floor.. the food court makes you go threw the whole mall before getting you food.most are hungry and may be a Little low on sugar and pron already for that impulse buy.. make up isn't all that pricey for most and it doesn't break the bank when you just buy you self a little something.. escalators are the same. they are always split apart from each other...so you get to walk threw other areas of the mall that you might not really go if it wasn't for the escalators,there are alot of little trips everywhere,changing rooms do have mirrors that slim your reflection.the music in the stores vary from store to store.adult music for store older people shop in. hipper music in stores that offer thing for the younger crowd.so you can see the merchandise betterso they can watch u steal things and so when you lose track of timeProbly to deter theft.It has to be girl!! Because I go there everyday  and girl it has to be so you can shop so good and buy you some great clothes!!!. Do you go there everyday?To see the shoplifters?cuz the shoppers are comming homeso they can video film all the shop lifters!
add a shopping cart feature and find a company that helps in taking payments like paypal or the new google pay service. The credit card payments will be deposited into your account.Want a great way to advertise.  How about live video web broadcasting.  check out www.hellodreamteam.comGet Paypal..you can sign up for an account and the money can be transferred to your accountIf you use Quickbooks as your business/invoicing software, they offer a great credit card processing company/merchant account provider (Innovative solutions).  You enter everything through Quickbooks,and it is all approved online.  You can also run cards for approval over the phone.  We have been using them on our website for 5 years without a hitch!  I highly recommend using both Quickbooks and their merchant service.call 847-655-1300 ask fir mike he is my husband and  will set u up to accet all firms of payment great programset up a pay pal account.Sorry buddy, no knowledge regarding this.
Agent W, what you are asking for is the kind of technical project for which any professional consultant would charge you a cool 5-figure Fee ! . ...You cannot expect anyone to dish it out in an Answer, for Free !learn  how to run printer machine !!!
HI advertise in you local paper. put flyer's through doors. and the best way is word of mouth. once some one as had work done by you they can say how good you are.best of luck in your new venture,sammylee,By doing an outstanding job on someones house. Believe me, when the word gets around it is better than any advertisement's you can buy.  Also give someone a discount in return for using there house as a show home for prospective clients. Some people jump at the chance of having a discount and also quite proud about there homes and love showing it off.. . Only use the house as a last resort for the people who are still undecided after a month. You don't want people turning up to someones house everyday.Leaflet your local area, advertise in the newspaper and build up a client list.. . A lot of people feel the need to be qualified. However, as long as you're good at your job, arrive on time, finish in a timely manner, then people will recommend you and you'll get business that way.
then the government can't get the benefit of using oil.  they made big money out of oil.  Besides, oil companies are the biggest company in the world and give a lot of contribution to the government officials.Because there's still plenty of petroleum? We've got to finish what's on our plate before we switch over to something else.bio diesels are a CHEAP alternative to big oil. the oil companies scored record billions of profits in 2005. to remind you, profits come after expenses have been paid in full. . . we all know government officials around the world say one thing, vote another, and collect payments under the table. who in government is going to turn down that kind of money?? well, the people who would probably turn that down, don't want anything to do with government.There are some Countries  that are promoting Alternative Fuels.. . To name a few. Canadian are experimenting in Hydrogen.. Brazil use Ethanol in their automobiles.. . Petroleum fuel has been entrenched in society for 100 years, changes does not occur over night.. . Note Bio-diesel still has issues to resolve.  Namely in the collection of the fuel.. . For Ad-hoc basis, collecting via Fast food places, method, are suitable for small scale (Home Brew) plants.. . For large scale production.. Edible oil are used directly.  This will impact on the amount of edible oil that otherwise can be used for human consumption,  It is projected that it may lead to increase in the cost of edible oil,  thus cost of living.. . Detail Comprehensive studies are required, to ensure that one source, does not create another monster later.
suggest phone book, . going to that address. calling the operator person and finding out what it is.do a reverse search at www.whitepages.comtry googleing the address.. if it is a public address then it should find it.GO TO MSN.COM THEN DO A REVERSE LOOK UP WHERE YOU TYPE IN THE PHONE # OR ADDRESS.go there and read it
It's because you probably have the wrong email address, check agian, and maybe a letter or a number mite be wrong or misplaced. hope this helps.maybe the add. is entered wrong, she may not have that account or you left the subject Field blankbetter check ur i.d or simply write yahoo i.d ( no nned of writing other  extensions).. . . or u can check over people search over yahoo services whether this i.d is in use or viable .... . http://in.members.yahoo.com/
If we told you, we'd have to kill you.from Joe_Young stay away from my a secret agent work place or you be shot on site or god knows what would happen? Best ask Mr. Bill Gates he might hire youGo to a name brand college, and excel ... be better than everyone else. They recruit.. Conversely, once you are done with college, consider the miliary, and get into intelligence ... then you might find a similar civilian job.What u lov, u should do.  Do without pay and some will ask someday. But no guts, no glory.  That's the story.It's a secret!. . If I told you, I'd have to kill you!
I don't know! Ask the signs!Because, when you put clothes in a Washer you put them in upside down.None that I ever saw wereWhy did you waste your time and 5 points on a senseless question?It's a marketing ploy to make people notice them.  . . Cheers!
ngo on "who wants to be a millionaire" the TV show and win.be like me!!. . ..Find someone to give you a penny and double it every day for 30 daysthe game show. who wants to be a millionairego on who wants to be a millionaire and hope u know the answer. . =D                                =(^_^)=.                                      (,,,)(,,,)Go to bed and start dreaming.Marry one.How to be a millionaire, and never pay taxes!. First, get a million dollars.. . -- Steve Martinmarry one
I've order about a dozen things from them (regular site and the auctions). Items have always been delivered within days.  The disclaimer might be to allow for the manufacturer delays, if any.i have order one thing for them and i will NEVER order for them again. They never sent my package and charged me for shipping. I have tried and tried to get my refund,but that was a joke too. Hope this helps
Try patenting it.  That will work much better than pattening it.  Below is a link to the US Patent Office.if you can't spell PATENT you don't need to know how to do itthe word is patent, but it does not apply...you can only patent an invention or process, not a name.  you can, if you meet all the legal criteria, protect a name that can be considered a trademark or a registered markYou don't PATENT a name. You copywrite it. And to copywrite it you send in an application and fee to the USPTO office that you can look up at www.uspto.gov.. It's a huge pain in the ass, and is basically bueracracy in a nutshell. If you are young, get somebody's help or just drop it. You're venturing into big boy territory here.lay it on a bed and pat ityou can't. You can patent products. for a name you need to register it with your recorders office and file some paperwork to do business.
girls want to hear something to justify their actions.  When you really look at it we are providing not only a service but fulfilling a desire on many fronts.....because were men.. enjoy the sex while ur getting it cuz if we want, we could use r hand and still get the same effect!Okay, Can we have sex? No? Oh well, what if I told you I'm looking for a long term committed relationship would that help?Because you may be a good girl or a virgin who has no intention on having sex
yesI foresee no major change in the existing position of small steel manufacturers , particularly in India, in the coming 5 years, in the wake of Mittal Arcelor merger. These small manufacturers are likely to gain marginally in the firming of steel prices due to this merger in the time to come.. . Operational efficiencies would be the key to success for these units.
gas is so high because the freaking government has not been purchasing it from the right places. it just like why do they take out so much in taxes from our paychecks? simple, they are penny pinching pigs or money hungry whatever you wanna call them and hate to break it to you  as far as i know the war ain't over.First of all i dont think the war is over. Second i heard someone made a water powered engine and sold it to a gas company for about 250 million and they have it locked up somewhere because the gas co. wants you to keep buying gas so they wont go bankrupt.....GOOD FOR THEM,  BAD FOR USThe war is not over.the war over? where have you been?when did we end the war?The war is far from over. How can anyone declare a war is over when the people that American soldiers are fighting are so opposed to us. As for why gas prices are high that's easy. They are that high because we have no choice but to pay for it. We are the consumers and if we are willing to pay over $3.00 per gallon the oil companies will charge that.Gas is increasing price due to inflation, it had to happen sometime.  the war is not over and will not be for at least 5 years (at least that is how long my cousin has until he is allowed to come home)Gas is so high because Bush and his buddies have not yet made as much money as they would like.We have only begun to see the rapid escalation in fuel prices.  Consider that Euope and Canada have been paying well over $4 -5/ gal for several years,  our gasoline has been cheap for a long time.  We are just begining to catch up.  We will look back at $3 prices in just a couple of years and drool.because the speculator try to make profit out of ut another saying they are like currency rogue who try to steal money from ordinary peopleThe war is over?  Since when?  I don't think the war has anything to do with the gas prices.  It's just a good excuse to raise them higher and higher.  And when it wasn't the war, it was hurricane Katrina...anything the administration can think of to keep the gas prices going up!Futures trading.  People bet on how much gas will be in 3, 6 or 12 months and then make money off how well the market does or doesn't do... and the savings get passed on to you...
If you want to earn that much more per month, you might want to get a part-time job.  Or sell things on Ebay.Network marketing.... visit www.hellodreamteam.com and e-mail me if you're interested.you  can get a parttime job so where that make 's more $$$$$$  for uI happened to just came across one part time oppotunity.. It is very new in USA. It hit 6 headline news there recently and this product should arrived here in Singapore by next month..  . Imagine now you can charge your hand-phone anywhere, anytime with this portable lip stick size charger. . They come with 10 per order at $280 included shipment fees, retails at above $40.00 USD(S$65) so you'll profit at least 30%!. .  I believe all handphone-users will need this sooner or later. Not bad for a start isn't it? Watch this video clip and give it a try now (:. . http:www.aatcm.com/sppowergrow weed!jk umm...get a part time job that you enjoy and that fits into your schedule!Place a FREE Viral banner on your web site.Best, legal and safe way to earn on internet is by joining paid survey sites. Paid survey sites pay you for your opinion on various topics. . Dont pay for any survey program to join. There are many free to join paid survey like survey savvy they pay more then 5 $ per survey. Always check for on which site you are registering is BBB (Better Business Bureaus) certified. . Global Test Market. http://globaltestmarket.com/join.php?lan.... American Consumer Opinion. http://www.shareasale.com/r.cfm?B=18123&U=149647&M=4998 . Survey Savvy . http://www.surveysavvy.com/ss/ss_index.p.... OpinionSquare . http://www.kqzyfj.com/click-1952702-10386577 . Permission Research. http://www.tkqlhce.com/click-1952702-10386942 . onlineglobalrecruiting. https://www.onlineglobalrecruiting.com/register_htm.asp?refid=infoshine. Greenfield Online Surveys. http://gozing.directtrack.com/sw/1354/CD5333/ . Opinion Surveys. http://gozing.directtrack.com/sw/2160/CD5333/ . spiderMetrix.com. http://www.spidermetrix.com/sm120.php3?r... . SendMoreInfo.com. http://www.sendmoreinfo.com/3043150/3043... . Morvo.net. http://www.morvo.net/8621324 . . You can check the website http://www.dollarmantra.com for more free survey list, affiliate programs and contextual ad program, get paid for reading email & surfing the web and more earning recourses. . . Check the website for freelance work. . http://www.jdoqocy.com/click-1822155-10356603?sid=freelance+jobs
Because they are inconsiderate barnacle-heads. Oh man, I have got to stop watching Spongebob, my insults have become sooo lame.The business next door probably does not allow them to park in their lot so it is open for customers.  Just have the boss let them know their cars will be towed at their expense.Probably, because you don't have a sign that says "Parking for ________ Employees and Customers ONLY. If you are not a customer or an employee of ________ the vehicle will be TOWED at the OWNERS Expense."Because you are letting them let those fu*kers know move your car.It is the closest open parking spaces to their work? Maybe try something like you have to have a sticker to park in your lot otherwise you will be towed? That's what we have here.you should have them all towed or put those tack strips down that the police usebacause they have nothing to be afraid of.  Tow their vehicles and watch how quick they stop parking in your areaWhy? Maybe it's easier for them to get in and out from your location. Maybe they feel like your lot is safer or something. Then again, maybe they just like your hair!. . If the building management for you building isn't trying to stop them from doing it, maybe they don't have a problem with it. I am in property management and we manage 3 large office complexes. We DO have a problem with others parking in our lots, and have taken measures to keep them from doing it. We installed signs in our lot, and we discussed the problem with the management team from the building across the street. It took awhile for the message to get through to everybody, but now the problem has pretty much gone away.Because no one asked them not to.because the boss keeps telling them the lot is getting sealed tomorrow
I would be highly advisable to seek professional / experts' guidance to have any project established successfully, particularly if one is clueless or not sure of the things.. . Seek avenues to gather expertise and systematic approach to your venture by advertisements, contacting right people in the Industry for each significant aspect of the project. This is entrepreneurship.SINCE YOU ARE IN TAMIL NADU ADVERTISE IN THE LOCAL PAPER HINDU ASKING FOR TECHNICAL KNOW HOW AS WELL AS THE PROJECT COST.ONLY PERSONS HIGHLY EXPERIENCED WITH PROVEN ABILITY NEED TO APPLY LIKE THAT YOU SHOULD GIVE ADVERTISEMENT
In addition to the great ideas by the above answerer, the college you work with (yes, Columbia is The Best around Chicago) will probably place you in an internship position toward the conclusion of your studies.  This will be the absolute best time for you to get your name out there, do some networking, and beg, beg, beg for a "real job" with a promoter once you've graduated.  If a known promoter will take you under their wing for a bit, their name on your resume and their good recommendation of your work will be gold in developing your own business down the road.  Good luck!The thing is to get a degree in places like columbia college, go to clubs meet people and go and meet artists. Lot of leg work and lot of long nights in clubs
Stock markets around the world have been beaten down mercilessly, Karachi is no exception. Take it easy rebound will come, but quantum would depend on Pakistan's companies performance.All the stock markets fell around the world. something to do with american interest rates. If you are exposed to the american dollar you feel the pain too.
mayb their good quality...idkExpo markers are expensive because they are made specifically for their dry erase boards.  They are not like a standard marker; instead, what they write can be erased off of the white board very easily and comes off as a very fine powder.yea, what she saiddry erase markers, right?. . expo actually erases. Cheap markers stain your white board. Pay the extra, and save your white board
Read Ecclesiastes.  With much learning comes much sorrow.  There is no end to it, and the human condition remains the same, because all people die.they know what its really all about. as they say ignorance is blissI believe that many people like this are so smart that they lack common knowledge.  i have a soon to be brother-in-law like  who just grad. from law school.  conversations with him are so over my head and uninteresting, that i could scream. he hs been known as always been known as a nerd, and i guess that hurts sometimesI guess sometimes people who are highly educated know so much that they know everything good... and bad, which can cause them to live in misery... just a thought.some highly educated people have no common senseAs Biggie would say, Mo' Money, Mo' Problems!How do inane questions = misery?. . I am not familiar with that equation.  I think your assessment is erroneous.Book smart and common sense STUPID!!!!Because ignorance is bliss, and the more you know, the more bitter you become. The more knowledge you have the more things seem so wrong.Having graduated with an English degree in Literature I can tell you the most boring "literature" is Victorian. A bunch of rich people laying around trying to figure out who they are or where they are going. It's mostly rich people with nothing better to do than sit around and worry.. . When you are busy with life (work, school, kids, hobbies) you don't have time to lay around and sulk! Have you ever felt depressed when you were extremely busy?
one word... prostitution.Did you heared about sauna bath?? Its nothing but Steambath.. You can take this bath in star hotels for a charge of around Rs.2000/- By starting this at your own you can make more money. You can charge atleast Rs.500/- per bath. Steambath tubs are avail at www.ebay.in. Visit http://cgi.ebay.in/PORTABLE-STEAM-SAUNA-BATH-FOR-PERSONAL-AND-COMMERCIAL_W0QQitemZ9528733495QQcategoryZ11780QQrdZ1QQcmdZViewItem    to get a steam bath tub.Y dont u try ur hands on home based job thru internet as is being done by me. It is data conversion job of converting pdf file into ms word doc. To get this job, one should be resident of India and proficient in ms word.Getting a real good job and earning it!Work Hard! There is no such thing called Easy Money. Easy Money doesn't last long.Well according to me Work hard and you will get the desired money,like Gill Gate he is earning money due to his brilliant brain and better Ideas and now he is the Richest Person in the world..  or. Just Rob the Swiss Bank ( But I wont suggest for that).:))Get a job.Inherit them!begging ,stealing ,murdering,kidnappingBuild a great website and start placing ads on your site. Short and Sweet and super fast.if u are a gurl then marry a rich guy......=) lol
I like to use this site ALL the time because it gives you all that info you requested plus a lot of times there are also user reviews that can help give you an idea of what kind of business it is before you take your money there. Good luck to ya! =)You might find a phone number for them at one of these two sites:. . http://www.hardtofind800numbers.com/. . http://gethuman.com/us/You have to be so careful. allot of companies have there name and address or contact info.Take that info and call B.B.B. or you can check them out by calling up the city and ask for the license department and ask how long has the company been in business etc. If there is no phone number or address on there site beware! good luck.
8.375% But hotel taxes are differentnyc is 8.3% but it varies throughout the state. maybe that is why everyone shops for clothes in jersey
Grant Making Svc Inc. (216) 589-9005   1422 Euclid Ave # 852. Cleveland, OHYou can go to the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) http://www.cfda.gov and Grants.gov http://www.grants.gov - these are two FREE sites created by the federal government to provide transparency and information on grants. Browse through the listings and see if you can find any grant that would support your purposes.. . Even if you buy books on "how to get grants" or list that supposedly has information on grants -- all of them are mere rehash of what CFDA has, albeit packaged differently.. . Note though that these grants generally support non-profit organizations, intermediary lending institutions, and state and local governments. Most of the federal grants are given to specific target groups with specific requirements (e.g. minority business owners involved in transportation related contracts emanating from DOT - Grant#20.905 Disadvantaged Business Enterprises Short Term Lending Program. Individuals especially for personal purposes are not eligible for federal grants. . . Grants are also often given to non profit groups or organizations involved in training or other similar activities (grant 59.043 Women's Business Ownership Assistance that are given to those who will create women's business center that will train women entrepreneurs . . The government is NOT in the business of giving away free money for the sake of giving away money. Grants are free, but it means OBLIGATION. You will be obligated to do as the grant sets out to do. Grants have objectives, and your purpose must fit the objective of the grant.. . For one, you have to write the grant application and the grant application is not a simple document - you have to explain how your purpose for applying for the grant fits well with the objectives set out by the grant. Grants have objectives, and the grant applications that best captures the grant's objectives are approved.. . There is a stringent review process through a committee composed of federal employees and selected experts in the field. You will compete with other applicants for the grant money, and this grant review committee will evaluate the merits of each proposal. Only those that they feel exemplifies the objective of the grant will be approved.
General rule of thumb is, it'll take at least 3 days longer to get to you.  It's better if you set it up w/ whoever is sending the mail to get it sooner.Fill out change card at post office . mail is sorted by a computor. the change will be made that dy an then there is no delay. 3 days max in the USAIt depends on how far away you move from your previous address.  It could take up to two days longer if you are far away.go to the post office and have them redirect all your mail to your new address......i forgot what the form is called but explain to them and they'll know what ur talkin bout...its freeI moved twice and I submitted my online request to the post office a month in advance. It takes around 2 weeks to start receiving you forwarded mails. Then you will be expecting couple of days from then to receive you mails until you have notified all the sender of your new address.
You can get it by dialing 9-1-1 on any phone.  Tell the person that answers what you need and they will be more than happy to send some help!people like you make the internet sick .get a life and stop trying to hackEasy. Sign up for MSN and you'll know your own. Like I'd tell you how to hack an account. Sheesh!!
i love coffee and since u love coffee too, i LOVE YOU!!!The Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf is a decent chain. There are also a lot of fun little coffee shops in the casinos, especially the Paris, which has great atmosphere. Lots of locals meet up at the coffee bar at the Green Valley Ranch. I haven't had a chance to try out many of the independents, but I have included a link to get you started.The Coffee Pub on West Sahara. It's just across the street from Palace Station Casino. It's great! A real local who's who hang out. Great food, good coffee drinks...
Start with some good snapshot of yours with a pro. website of your own. I dont know what sort of escort you are thinking of becoming...the good type or the B A D type.. but in both cases a website with a lot of info about what you can do and will do..shall help.if you have to ask; i reckon you may as well quit so long...
novemberAustralia is in the southern hemisphere.  When the US is experiencing summer, Australia is experiencing winter.
Was it a question or publicity for Indiabull?. . Take care of your English.indiabull is a stock broking companie . &. indiabull is d simple name of d company. thats it. . as u know in d share market there is a bull same as indiabull in d share market in d indiait is neither' bull.'..like' dog 'in 'hot dog'...nor  'indian' as in 'red indians' or 'american indians'...for certain.
pay a fee to pre-order/reserve. they notify you when it's there. you get itWell after, on the first day u go to the store and simply pick it up....or sometimes they mail it to you earlyYou pre order before the merchandise is developed.
get a job..BEG..BEG.. AND BEGbabysit. yard work. get off the couch jkGet a job.mow lawns using your parents lawn mower and gasRead Tom Sawyer, then apply it to yourself.Are you interested in becoming an agent for international online business? http //tinyurl.com/jzs3u It will lead you to here is ABSOLUTELY NO COST AS PRE-ENROLLER. Put : in the httpBe a droppshipper - setup a site...when u make a sale u then use the money to buy the product from another company and send to ur customer... . www.rolems.co.uk can help with that...just get in touch with them very reliable.for much money :rob a bank. for little money    :rob the post officeAre you interested in becoming an agent for international access telephone numbers?. It is NOT a scam. I've been doing this for a year, I'm a student here and each month I make around £100. And you DON'T have to pay any money!. It doesn't involve gambling and all other illegal activities. 100percent guaranteed!. If you are, or anyone else, do drop me an email at jd_mfa@yahoo.co.uk. I will send you an info, and you decide.. It would be more effective if you are a university student who can promote to international students. . Honest, this is not a scam, I truly geninely am looking for some people to promote international access numbers.. . Cheers!dear friend, want to earn extra money from home without investment, i found best site www.geocities.com/surf4india. you find there Various method of earn extra money from home, no investment.get a paper round or another jobEverything costs something upfront.  visit www.hellodreamteam.com
Go through the process of the pay pal sign up. Pay pal is very safe, I use it all the time.Go to www.paypal.com and click on the SIGN UP link. If you're only going to use it for buying and selling, choose Personal Account. If you plan on accepting credit cards also, choose Premier Account. Fill out the form completely. The email address is the most important part. Make sure it's one that won't go dormant. That's your paypal sign-in. Paypal is very safe. You still have to make sure you are dealing with trustworthy people. On ebay, check their feedback score. I usually don't do business with anyone that has less than 99% positive feedback. Just making purchases on websites is much safer to use paypal than just typing your credit card into the website. In this instance, you can use paypal without having an account, but it's safer to have an account.. . Once you have your account, be sure to confirm your address, since some seller's won't ship to unconfirmed addresses. You can also link a checking account to your paypal account, so you can have any cash in your account deposited directly to your checking account.. . I also have a debit card that uses the funds directly out of my account.Paypal is very safe.  I have used it for years and haven't  had a single problem.  To sign up, go to . https://www.paypal.com/ . and follow the directions.www.paypal.com  it is totally free and yes one of the most safest around
