A small group of politicians believed strongly that the fact that Saddam Hussien remained in power after the first Gulf War was a signal of weakness to the rest of the world, one that invited attacks and terrorism. Shortly after taking power with George Bush in 2000 and after the attack on 9/11, they were able to use the terrorist attacks to justify war with Iraq on this basis and exaggerated threats of the development of weapons of mass destruction. The military strength of the U.S. and the brutality of Saddam's regime led them to imagine that the military and political victory would be relatively easy.Because there is a lot of oil in Iraq.It is tempting to say that the US invaded Iraq because it has lots of oil, but the US is not a country in a deep economic problem that capturing other country’s oil is an actual need for survival. It is more likely that the Iraq invading Kuwait scenario would fall under that assumption.. I think that the US government has come to a conclusion that we are on the verge of a war of religions, or more likely ideologies. It would be presumptuous to try and determent a one cause to the coming war. . I think that the world wide spread of the media with its many forms (Cable, Satellite, Internet, etc.)  have pushed the Moslem regimes to the extreme, fearing that secularity and democratic influence is penetrating their country and will result in an up raising against them. One of the best way to maintain the power that you have and even gain more of it, is by hatred. When the common man is occupied hating an outside enemy, its hatred is kept out side the county and would not be directed towards the regime. . So- I believe that the US understands that the fanatic Moslem regimes have already started a war on the democratic world and now is the time to try a fight it.. . So why invade Iraq? Because it is a huge, week Moslem country that thought to be easy to defeat. . This is exactly the same reason why Afghanistan was first and Syria is next in line.I think Yuval is pretty spot on. It's a proving ground and a focal point for terror activity that's not on American soil. And, because no one liked Saddam Hussein, no other countries (even in the Middle East) were about to rise up and join his side.. . Rabid speculation: now the Pentagon has a model that says it takes ~5 years, ~$200B and ~2,000 casualties to "rebuild" a dictatorship into a democracy. Who's next on the list?
China is more concerned with threat from US or Japan than North Korea.  Besides, both India and Pakistan have nuclear weapon already and are close to China as well.  But it's hardly a big concern for China people.chinese people are busy making money and don't want to waste time on these issues anymore, man. who dares to use nuclear weapons?
President Nixon's secretary, Rose Mary Woods, said she may have erased several minutes of the tapes when she "accidentally" pressed record while answering the phone.  There's a famous picture of her showing how this might have happened (included in link below), but the picture actually makes it look even more unlikely that it was an accident.. . Most people believe that the tapes were erased intentionally, either by Woods or someone else.  No one knows what's on them.Nobody knows (yet).  In 2003 the National  Archives decided that no technology exists to restore the missing minutes.  The tapes are still being preserved and it is hoped that in the future the missing minutes will be restored.
A simple answer is hate.  By nature we hate things for various reasons, so terrorism is just acts of strong hate.intolerence hate and envy are polution to the human soul.if left to fester without hope, education, maybe a productive life theres no feeling of self worth so why is anyone elses life so important.there will always be good vs. evil.because capitialism work only too well, the world becomes divided from the haves and have nots.. . terrorism seems to get our attention, so it works to an extent.  americans were the terrorist to the british back in 1776 thru 1783Perhaps because injustice on a large scale (such as the Israeli occupation of Palestine) can cause people to feel extremely angry, utterly powerless, and as if they have nothing to lose. People in this situation may believe that the only way to be heard, and to change their situation, is through violence. This is terribly sad.This country has been terrorizing the world ever since the Native Americans defeat. Among the countries that have been terrorized by the USA after WWII are: Panama, Guatemala, El Salvador, Granada, Colombia, Iran, Iraq, etc.. Or are you talking about the people unable to take it anymore, opt to retaliate in a small way these atrocities.Because Bill Clinton couldn't get away from Monica long enough to make a rational decision
Stem cells are primal undifferentiated cells which retain the ability to differentiate into other cell types. This ability allows them to act as a repair system for the body, replenishing other cells as long as the organism is alive.. . ..and if you take time to read the link below, stem cells can be found in all adults and young adults, however, embryonic stem cells are cultured cells obtained from the undifferentiated inner mass cells of a blastocyst, an early stage embryo that is 50 to 150 cells.or, if you want a real answer rather than babble, stem cells are taken from foetuses (human babies that have not yet developed).  stem cells are so valuable because they have not yet differentiated -- ie. been allocated a specific function, and are therefore great to experiment with.  but then there is the huge moral issue.
I have to agree, I think it has something to do with torture....otherwise no need for it to be a secret. Especially since we have plenty of non-secret prisons and when the news was first leaked the government tried to deny it.I don't consider them secret, but the men that are sentenced to them are the men that has service in our military they arent actually civilians, they are Goverment property. Military prisons have different ways of disiplining them then our prison systems.Maybe they have secret prisons to protect the people that could be hunted by others. . . I hope this helps.. . Have a great day. =]
That is an interesting question. Even though the newspaper is large, the font is still small. The pictures and all the information provided will make the more manageable size, ALOT thicker.If you were to remove all of the ads and inserts you'll find the paper to be quite insignificant.  Newspapers don't make money from people buying and reading the paper.  They make their money from advitisers and their ads are what cause the paper to be so big.because the media likes to suck you into USELESS NONSENSE!!  Then they want you to read all the ads and buy as much CRAP as you can possibly aford to only have it break the day after the 'life time' warentee expires.
Hussein is a very common last name.  If you're thinking in terms of American names, it would be the equivalent of Smith or Jones.  As such, the media tends to refer to him by his first name to differentiate him from all of the other Husseins out there.Saddam is easyer to say than Saddam Hussein it is shorter.This article from CBC News (a Canadian news agency) has a thorough discussion of why the media refers to Saddam Hussein in varying ways:. http://www.cbc.ca/news/indepth/words/saddam_hussein.html. . Some outlets call him Mr. Hussein (or Hussein, depending on their style conventions) and others call him Saddam.Hussein is a common surname.
nothing changedThat's kind of hard to say.  US is a big country!  So it's probably safe to say it's sunny, rainy, snowy, icy, dry, hot, cold, windy, and whatever else youc an think of.
It projects them as one dimensional.  It portrays them as just wild and red.  They are a wonderful people that cherish their heritage and community.  They would like to be known as a people and not just a warrior because they are more than just that.A lot of them have no problem using Redskins or even Savages.  It's when other races use them that it can become offensive.They are degrading (redskins) or portray the American Indian as a "savage" . Why not name a team the Drunken Irish or the "Italian Menace"?Well, europens killed of the indian race. and THEY are native americans not indians, so i woulldnt blame them if they are pissed when "americans" use them as masscots.
Each Iraqi citizen who votes has one of their fingers colored purple. Supposedly, this ink can't come off for at least a week, preventing voters from voting multiple times.Even when they can use computers (they are not a lost tribe but a modern country), the problem is true and valid census.. . That's why the method used is the ink in a finger, which cant be cleaned for some days.I'm guessing they use computers.
I suppose since they've been naming hurricanes and tropical storms for years, they figure "Why not snowstorms?"  When they start doing it with tornadoes, however, that's where the line has to be drawn.Hee hee, I don't really know, but my first stupid instinct was 'tropical snowstorms'.. . I've heard of people naming furniture, so I suppose snowstorms deserve some nomenclature, as well.... :)
I believe it takes a few weeks for autopsy results...Preliminary results indicate his death is a suicide. The exact cause of death is unknown. The medical examiner said toxicology results will be back in 4 to 6 weeks and provide a definitive cause of death.They are saying it was a suicide. This is very sad.
Cob webs are old spider webs. They are usally made by a different type of spider, such as a house spider, cobweb-weavers, widow spiders, and many others. Depending on the type of web built will determine if it becomes a cobweb or not. Cob webs are just spider webs.I always thought they were the same. I was raised on a farm and we had plenty of them around the house & barn.cobwebs are collections of dust particles, sticking together.  Spider webs are created by spiders, to capture prey for food.
Start by going to the county seat of the county in which the person died and get a copy of the death certificate.  If the person doed in the military, you can request the information from them.  The process is harder if the place of death was another country.. Also try the public library.  Order a copy of microfilmed newspapers from the city where the person died and look for the obit.try some investigation like the post-mortem report, etc better watch solved crimes/investigation programs u will get ideas
I think the better question might be, why are you using this forum to so obviously pursue an attempt at a political agenda?  I've now seen at least 6 "questions" from you that are little more than disguised slams on a group that you obviously don't like.  If you believe in something so strongly (and obviously you do), why not instead use that in a much more constructive way, helping those you believe and putting time into organizations that further your beliefs rather than spending the time tearing others apart who may have reasons just as good as yours for believing what they do.. . Rather than slam others for their differences, look instead into building bridges with them, and contructively, in a positive way, work towards furthering your objectives.Because some people don't believe it's against their economic interest. How can we ever be sure it would be better if Kerry were in office? We'll simply never know.. And then again, some people care more about other political issues than money. People vote whatever they care about most, and who they think will serve that interest the best.Because they're voting with their hearts. Like it or not, the republicans made the last election about emotional issues instead of isssues of national import.
Thanksgiving is an annual holiday observed in the United States and Canada to celebrate being thankful for the things one has. In the U.S., the holiday is celebrated on the fourth Thursday in November. In Canada, Thanksgiving is celebrated on the second Monday in October.The day the pilgrims had dinner with the indians. Now it is celebrated to give thanks to what we are greatful for.it was a time where people were thankful for what God provided for them, now people only think about food.. PS the pilgrims and indians started it
Con permiso means "excuse me" in Spanish like if someone is in your way and you want to get through.  It literally translates to "with permission".NB: It's "CON permiso, not COM permiso."
May not be able to find the actual obituaries.. . But, find out where they died, and what the name of the newspaper in that community is. Then call your local reference librarian and ask where you can find the archives for this paper. You sometimes can call the newspaper's research bureau and ask if they can research it (it will cost you a fee for this).Call the paper, they have writers for that, that are most helpful!
No one realy knows. Some say she may have died of over exhaustion.I agree with the first answer.
Because his mother, Queen Elizabeth, is still alive and hasn't stepped down from the throne.  Until she either dies or steps down, mommy dearest will remain queen.Because a monarch still reigns, that of Queen Elizabeth II.. Say what you will about the English, they've got us beat at neutral-gender leadership.I do not think so he will become KING OF ENGLAND because his mother is Queen of United Kingdom, but to fulfill your desire she can promote him as KING OF ENGLAND.  By the way there will be no difference in life whether it is served by any king or queen or president.Obviously because Queen Elizabeth II still reigns.  And by the way, that is not the proper title of Her Majesty.. . She has several. In the United Kingdom her official title is: "Elizabeth the Second, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and Her other Realms and Territories Queen, Head of the Commonwealth, Defender of the Faith." . . In Canada, where the Queen is the Head of State, her official title is "Elizabeth the Second, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom, Canada and Her other Realms and Territories Queen, Head of the Commonwealth, Defender of the Faith."
I don't know if there are other methods. This is just what i know.. . I know about gmail RSS feeds. That means that when you select feeds from a particualr source ,they are displayed top of your inbox.You can choose ur favorite alerts and get their news by this link : http://beta.alerts.yahoo.com/
I have no idea. Those are some really deep questions.?
Because individual people, much like you and me, decide not to focus their eyes and minds and heart and all that in them is ... on the person right in front of them.  We are so scattered that we have difficulty focusing our energies and love toward any one object or person.  Therefore - we destroy relationships.  Life is a series of human relationships, and when we do not focus on the one right in front of us - one at a time - then they all disolve and corrupt.The world has always been corrupt - since the beginning of time.  It's just now we have TVs, Radios, and indeed, the Internet!The corruption is a result of bad politics and the inability for people to practice making positive changes.
National Economy is going up.  See the website belowUSPS is just now getting into the black financially, they need ton continue to make aprofit.  As a soicety we have decreased the number of items we mail because of e-mail.  . . Blame it on e-mail.Yes, yes, and yes to my three learned predecessors answers. . . Besides when you start offering more and better services you obviously have the right to raise your prices and drive your customers to your more reliable competitors.because gas prices are going up, inflation
Open Windows Media player, and go to Help > About Windows Media Players.  Then you can see the version.Open the application and choose the menu item "Help" then "About Windows Media Player".Open Windows Media Player.  Go to Help > About Windows Media Player.
Frankly, I think there are enough clay feet to go around for all of us.. . I'm sure there are lots of people who are better educated, more experienced, and more culturally diverse than I am.  However, it does not make them better than me.Not sure if this is what you are looking for, but from personal experience I've learned that the saying "you can't fly with the eagles if you hang out with turkeys" is very true. I have lots of friends, more than I have time for. I made a few "cuts" and my life is better for it.I think many elitists believe in social Darwinism. That is, those who are equipt to survive will do so, and those who are not will not.. . Kinda sick, but it has worked in biology.. . Good Luck!
It's what's new.  All of the "what's new" together makes "news."north east west south. . fahdoracle.blogspot.com
and what was the date?  I could go look it up now :)In what location?
The best idea would be to just not stalk them. You can get into a lot of trouble for doing that. And you'll never get to know a person that way. If you can't make friends with this person, it's time to move on.Its all about the hat and sunglasses.. would be realy embaressing if your caught though! Put your mobile on private number, and call all the time, worked for me;-). Dont keep photos, if the obsession gets carried away, eg: u murder the dude, dont leave a paper trail!while stalking tell them u r not stalking anyone.what kind of questiion is that??????. are you trying to stalk someone?!!?!!?!?!??!?!!?!?Comfortable shoes, sunglasses, and a dye job. About 6-7 months in shoot over a very simple and vague email askign how they are. Do not ask to meet, just keep it simple. Thats how my stalker of a year did it.. . God bless her heart, she was nuts, but passionate.
A media hound is someone who is anxious to get media attention.  Madonna might be a good example of a media hound.  She'll often say or do something provocative just for exposure.A Media hound is a person of the opposite political affiliation than the President who watches over the media, waiting for the perfect moment to attack with word-claws, spilling the blood of every topic that they can find. It's a preditor/prey thing that normal, drama free people don't understand.
imagine the bluest sunny sky, along with the most beautiful beach, with golden sand next to the blue sea. After, add lots of little white houses, smells of flowers and ouzo and on the top of all these, a lot of dance and fun!greece is like whats left in the pan after you like fry and egg or like whats left on the couch when your brother gets up after playing xbox for 2 days.. it's like kinda wet .. like
What i do is go to a library and look at the micro-films that they have when i am looking for an old article on something. Your best bet is to go to a library in Cleveland though.local library
Jean Dixon, a noted psychic, died in the hospital. Why did she go, shouldn't she have known it was hopeless?It's due to the whole "personal gain" theory.
It is the Chinese new year. This year is the year of the dog.This year it is the Chinese New Year.Most possibly the Chinese New Year, but if it isn't then maybe you can make up one. Probably it will be interesting and before you know, the whole world will use it. who knows?
Call your local television stations and ask them for the P.R. national addresses of their parent companies. They may be able to help you with other sources as well from their directories.I'm afraid you shouldn't hold your breath waiting for the attention to come streaming in.. . There is unbelievable competition for what ends up on TV, radio, print and other media that just a press release is likely not going to cut it.  I'm not saying you won't get any attention, but you may want to scale down your expectations a bit.. . Start by seeing if your local newspaper is interested in what you're doing.  Unless you live in a major city, you have a fair chance of getting on their radar.  The key is having a compelling enough story to tell.. . How is your website unique from others offering similar content?  What's your committment to its success?  What special plans do you have for its launch?  These are the kinds of things any media outlet will want to know before they invest time or space on you.. . Start small and plan big.  You never know...Go to the library and get a book called Guerilla Marketing Tactics.
Because they ask dumb ass questionssame reason you ask dumb questionsNo ones truly dumb sometimes people just act stupid, it's human and some people are more human then others. :)Its in their genes.
US Naval Station Guantanamo Bay, Cuba is abbreviated to GTMO in Navy documents.  Over time this became Gitmo when spoken.BECAUSE THEY ARE ALWAYS GIVING PLACES NICKNAMES..SOMETIMES PEOPLE CANNOT PRONOUNCE IT
I recommend Yahoo! Movies. Just enter your Zipcode and off you go!go to yahoo entertainment .com that's allif you are in UK www.odeon.co.uk is really informative and you can sign up for weekly updatesyou can call the movie place on look on line at the movie theater sitego to the movie websites?No. Go to imdb.com . It has everything you would ever want to know abouit movies.
Vist for more information.... . http://www.bermuda-triangle.org/ or this. . http://www.history.navy.mil/faqs/faq8-1.htm. . Cheers!!. . jAYOOOO OOO I know this one!!!!  So volcanic and other underwater activity in that area of the ocean produces massive pockets of air, which then float to the surface, so if one floats up under a boat, it just swallows it whole!  the volcanic activity and the huge number of sunken ships there causes instrument malfunction in airplanes, causing them to get lost and eventually crash.I think its just a publicity stunt !!!. bye. sohail gagairastapunker was very close.  The most popular theory is that hydrates (frozen methane produced from rotting vegetation) collect in pockets on the edge of the continental shelf and are occasionally dislodged by landslides. Being lighter than water (ice)they float up.  In rising into the warmer water they melt allowing the methane to return to its gaseous form which would allow a boat to sink or a plane to lose altitude (methane is lighter than air).  This is still unproven but is a good theory.
by going out more, engagin into social activities you are fond of, meeting friends of your friends.be generous and open but not too open...Be a friend first.be yourself no matter who's watching!!! smile and laugh more and have confidence!!!throw a block partyKidnap bunch a people you know..tie'em in ur basement...then talk to them everynight about ur day...That's how ur gonna make freinds if ur gonna ask someone on this website!get out of the house moreI do not know if you believe in the bible, but it tells us in order to have friends we must frist be friendly oursleves.In other words you must shake the shy intervert self and try to be more open and pleasant inside and outside.Be careful thu you do want real friends that like you for you and not what you can do for them.Never try to buy friends it will not work it is like buying love when the money runs out so does the love and the friends. Jesus is the best friend he never leaves you hanging. God bless you and happy new year.
try posting posters or ads around the city where it is being held- there are probally many people who are recovering from the same issue that would love to attend your meeting, they just probally don't know that it's being held.briberyDepending on the type of recovery group, you might want to try free food (pizza, potlucks,...etc). Offer some form of entertainment after the meeting (movies,plays,auctions), that only people who attended the meeting came participate in. These are only a few idea, good luck.
I am dealing with Katrina-- so far red cross- some churchs, state help(food stamps & rental assist)try HUD.Call these numbers they may help. I work for FEMA. These are the numbers we have available to us.
It appears that the question period has expired. If you have received an answer that meets your needs, please choose a 'best answer.'. Regards.Pongal is also known as Tamizhar Thirunal or The Festival of Tamils among the Tamil people. The Tamil language saying Thai Pirandhal Vazhi Pirakkum (?? ????????? ??? ?????????) -- literally meaning, the birth of the month of Thai will pave way for new opportunities -- is often quoted with reference to the Pongal festival.. . Usually the festival falls in the middle of the month of January in the Western calendar. The festival is celebrated for four days from the last day of the Tamil month Maargazhi (Dec/Jan) to the third day of Thai (Jan/Feb). The first day, Bhogi, is celebrated by throwing away and destroying old clothes and materials by setting fire on them to mark the end of old and emeregence of new.. . The second day, Pongal, is the main day which falls on the first day of the Tamil month Thai (January 14 or January 15 in western calender). The Pongal day is celebrated by boiling rice with fresh milk and Jaggery early in the morning and allowing it to boil over the vessel — a tradition that is the literal translation for Pongal (in Tamil). The moment the rice gets boiled over and bubbles out of the vessel, it is offered to the Sun God, a gesture which symbolises thanksgiving to the Sun for providing prosperity. People also prepare savories and sweets, visit each other's homes, and exchange greetings.. . The third day, Mattu Pongal, is meant to offer thanks to the cattle, as they provide with milk and are used to plough the lands. Jallikattu, a violent taming the wild bull contest, marks the main event of this day. On the last day, Kanum Pongal — the word "kanum" literally meaning 'to view' — youngsters used to gather at river banks to view and select their future life partners (which has fallen out of practice currently). People, especially store-keepers visit beaches and theme parks during this day in modern times. During the pongal season, people eat sugar canes and decorate the houses with kolam.
you are so right about this. in the north it is cooler than in the south it is warmer and dry except of the spots where it is  raining.. . but it all could be a little shaky later.pretty chilly outside... but almost cloudlesscali's a big state. Anywhere from Freezing Cold (Lake Tahoe) to 70's. (So Cal desert)
Well, at this point they would look like dried fish eyes.  Glazed over dried up and probably with some amount of scar tissue covering the iris to make the entire eye look gray, not that you would notice it really though, being that it is probably half dried up by now, due to him being dead and all.Er, he IS dead, y'know.I agree ... EWWWWWW*ewthey would look like eyes...actually, his cornea would be clouded due to the degenerative bacterial infection that took his eyesight as a child, but otherwise, they would be normal.
Weather any place is hard to forecast. T.V>news weather forecaster is the only job where you can be wrong 90% of the time and still keep your job.I would guess it would be the same reason it is so hard to predict in Minneapolis. the Weather can come from so many different direction and change directions on very short notice. It could come out Canada, out of the Rockies, or up out of the Gulf of Mexico, all depending on the jet stream.
It may not have appeared yet. Find the online edition of her local newspaper and keep checking it for the next week.. . I'm sorry for your loss.What did you do to her?
Yeah, why have the "current events" category and then delete questions or answers concerning relevant subjects? I guess we can't get too "real" around here...Probably Yahoo doesn't want to get involved in political discussions or be viewed as a means of expressing political views.  I bet they won't themselves biased towards any particular standpoint.Yahoo has some strange standards. I had an (pretty banal) answer deleted because I answered it in German...even though the question was posted in German.. . Maybe GWB is spying on all of us like so many people believe...Because big brother is watching you.
That is difficult to answer, not knowing the ages of the children or what they are doing.  But if the children are trespassing, or damaging your property, just call the police and let them come and handle it.  Their parents are responsible for what they do.You need to breed some large kids of your own to defend the homefront, or adobt a few pit bulls and be sure to put up "beware of the dog signs" in a discrete location that the kids may not see.  You just need to scare the kids into not harassing you any more.
I think you may be a little mixed up. There weren't any MINORS (underage people) there-- they were MINERS (people who work in mines).Sometimes minors follow the miners into the mine and the mine boss lets the miners keep them.  They bring them food and water every day, except maybe last weekend, which was a holiday. Really, their lives aren't so bad.  Pretty soon they forget about sun and fresh air, and they can help the miners, bringing them tools and so forth.Miners.  Those that mine.  In a mine.The whole story can be located at yahoo.com click on the news link and find the story.i think maybe they meant minors as the job describtion not like teenagersThey were there doing their jobs.  They got stuck because of an explosion caused by built up methane gas in the mine.  As of now the rescue efforts are in progress.THEY WERE BEING ADVENTUROUS, LIVING A LITTLE
PFOA, and its salts, C8, ammonium perfluorooctanoate, and FC-143. PFOA is the chemical used to make Teflon.My dad works at Hanks fine furniture west little rock he probably knows
They both need good PR right now.  I'm sure they both trust each other enough to know that one may turn on the other if it suits their needs.Maybe now that they aren't in the White House and having to step on eggshells lest they offend the 'left' or the 'right', they can act like normal, civilized citizens.  Playing golf and being seen with someone who has varying political views that yourself is NOT that big of a deal, despite the fact people are going to spin it left, right and sideways.Because they get paid by the same special interests.
Marines are a bad azz subset of the navy.  Sort of like raptors are a subset of birds.The marines fight the battles, storm the beaches, and neutralize the enemy.. . The navy gives them a ride to the battle.uhh, isn't the navy those shipyard ppl and the marines are those heavy gear killing machine with guns?The Marines were orginally a detachement assigned to Navyt ships.  Their purporse and mission were 1. Repell boraders, 2. Man the masts during a naval engagement and shoot down upon the other ships members during a naval engagement, 3.  Make landings, 4.  Secure, protect and defend seaports, 5.  Prevent the ship's crew from munitity. . . Over the years they have evolved into an all encompassing rapid deployment force.  While the Army has helicopeters, they do not have their own fighter-bombers, attack helicopters, close air support ~ which is provided to them through the Air Froce ~ the Marines do.  The vast majority of the Earth is covered by water ~ and so the capability to project almost instaneous force over the horizon is a pretty handy thing to have in one's aresnal.  . . The United States Navy and Marine Corps are task orientated.  Given any given task ~ mission ~ they put together the the right combination of ships, equipment and personal.  Marines can be deployed anywhere in the world ~ combat ready with a matter of hours or days.. . An example of this was the first Gulf War ~ Desert Storm - Shield.  When Iraq invaded Kuwait, the President sent in the 82nd and 101st Airborne.  They were on the ground in a matter of days, but they were not combat deployable, because the would months to get their aritliry, tanks, personal carriers, Bradley fighting vehilces in place.. . By contrast, two Marine Infrantry Battalions were deployed and on the ground in Sauidi Arabia with 24 hours , and reported to General Swcharzkoff, in which he inquired "When will you be combat deployable, to which the Marine Commanders responded , "We will fully combat deployable with 24 hours, Sir!"  This blew him away, and he couldn't belive it.  . . The reason the could do this was because the Navy ~ Marine Corps team has pre-loaded cargo ships, pre-deployed, and stationed near by potential hot spots throughout the world.  These ships are all ready loaded with everything a Marine unit will need.  Tanks, Cannons, Ammunition, Water, Medical Supplies, Tents, Food Service Equipment, Armories, HUMVEES, fuel, computers, admin supplies, etc.. . The ships go to where they're needed and ordered, the Marines are flown in and link up with the cargo ships and off load them.  . . The Marines ARE NOT PART of the Navy, ~ they're a separated part of the Department of the Navy, sort of like two brothers of the same family. . . The Marine Corps and Navy are a TEAM!
"A lightning ionization channel is approximately 2 inches wide. Thunder is caused by a collapse of the channel. When you hear it, the danger of that stroke has already passed for you, since it has probably hit nearby."it is 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 miles long
A tsunami (IPA pronunciation /su?n??mi/ or /tsu?n??mi/]) is a series of waves generated when water in a lake or the sea is rapidly displaced on a massive scale. Earthquakes, landslides, volcanic eruptions and large meteorite impacts all have the potential to generate a tsunami. The effects of a tsunami can range from unnoticeable to devastating.An ocean wave produced by a sub-marine earthquake, landslide, or volcanic eruption. These waves may reach enormous dimensions and have sufficient energy to travel across entire oceans.. http://weather.gov/glossary/glossary.php. . One or a series of huge sea waves caused by earthquakes or other large-scale disturbance of the ocean floor. (Referred to incorrectly by many as a tidal wave, but these waves have nothing to do with tides.) The word tsunami is Japanese, meaning "harbor wave.". http://www.msnucleus.org/membership/html/jh/earth/dictionary/platedict.html. A wave generated by seismic activity. Also called a seismic sea wave, or erroneously a tidal wave. Barely discernible in the open ocean, the amplitude of a tsunami may increase greatly as it approaches shallow coastal waters. They typically have periods greater than 10 minutes. Storm tide recorders along the Queensland coastline have detected the effects of events in Central and South America, and from the 2004 Asian Tsunami. More information on tsunamis can be found at http://ioc.unesco. .... http://www.epa.qld.gov.au/environmental_management/coast_and_oceans/waves_and_storm_tides/storm_tide_monitoring/glossary/. . A tsunami (pronounced soo-nah-mee or tsoo-nah-mee [ IPA or ]) is a natural phenomenon consisting of a series of waves generated when water in a lake or the sea is rapidly displaced on a massive scale. Earthquakes, landslides, volcanic eruptions and large meteorite impacts all have the potential to generate a tsunami. The effects of a tsunami can range from unnoticeable to devastation.. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TsunamiA big wave.................. (Try Google for a more detailed answer). google.com
The media has great control over folks that do nothing but watch the news.. . Try to get a bigger perspective, by reading historical books and different newspapers and magazines.Because most of Amerika is too stupid or too lazy to think for themselves. Take this for instance. It's pretty small but says ohh so much. On Sept 11th the media stated that Osama bin Laden was responsible. They purposefully spell his name incorrect because they don't think you can handle the real spelling of his name. Usama bin Laden. Don't believe me? Check out the FBI ten most wanted terrorists page. . . The other part is the Columbine issue. When it happened, people couldn't stop talking about it. Once the media got bored of it so did the public. We had a school shooting last week in central Florida and nobody really gave a damn. . . Another good example of how the media influences us is thier weekly propaganda show. that new show with the woman president... come on. It's nothing but pre-hillary campaign propaganda. Getting people used to the idea that a woman can be president. All for nothing but some people actually believe americans would elect a woman president. This in the country where the KKK has flurished for more than 100 years... yeah. . . It ain't pretty but the truth never is.
All republicans will vote for him. All democrats but 2 or 3 will vote against him.The Senate web site will list the results after the fact. See link below.
I'd start by looking in your pool.  Is there anybody dead in there?go on and check out the papers for any such news .. communicate with a correspondent and check out the same .. u will know if it is really haunted and if some one died ... BEST OF LUCK !court house,most of that is public knowledge
So that the Olympics can better receive the world's attention, it makes sense that it be held less frequently.If you count both summer and winter they are held every 2 years...As one person already said, too often would kind of spoil the fun.. . You also have to consider that the tradition was started in the end of the 19th century, when the only way to travel overseas was by ship.  It was quite an effort to get all the athletes together in one place.I think records should last several years at least.because of the four rings
Partly sunny will me more sunny than cloudy. Partly cloudy will be more cloudythan sunnyno, it means the same thing but toother people they think that it's different.Party Sunny ONLY applies to daytime, i.e. No sun visible at night.
Yes it has increased errors.  The recent mining accident, all the media outlets reported that 12 survived, but it was 12 dead miners.  They jumped the gun on the report without verifying the information and caused a lot of heartache for the family members of the miners.When you're working on a tight deadline, sometimes errors go unnoticed. Also, if there's a rush to get a breaking story out quickly, it may not be proofread as thoroughly by the editors than most stories.
It's very densely populated, for one. It has an airport and a seaport, but not much else.It is really only important to the people that live there.  It has no resources and no strategic value.
He was having major financial problems, he was heavy in debt from trying to scam people on the internet, and his sex life was really bad.  Rachel Entwistle didn't know about their financial problems so he, being a gigantic coward, killed his wife and baby, and was supposed to kill himself after, but he chickened out.  It was a murder-suicide gone horribly wrong.Something went terribly awry in his head. His problems would not make a so called normal person kill his wife and child. It's one thing to kill someone for a reason! But he had no reason to kill. You would have to be insane to kill your own child.(any child).. . He doesn't even appear normal looking in his pictures. There's a lot more to that story than we know.
it started in the 1920's in harlem new york, where jamaican immigrants and blacks crowded together. It was characterized by black leaders such as marcus garvey, who urged blacks to improve their lives. many black writers also sprang up during this time, with such books as "home to harlem, by claude mckay. it ended in with the great depressionthats a good question u should go to www.ask.com
A tumor is a growth somewhere on or in the body.  Some tumors are benign--and others are cancerous.  Either way, you need good medical care.Truly Tragic....?/
Mass killing. . The Holocaust is the name applied to the systematic state-sponsored persecution and genocide of the Jews of Europe along with other groups during World War II by Nazi Germany and collaborators[1]. Early elements of the Holocaust include the Kristallnacht pogrom and the T-4 Euthanasia Program, progressing to the later use of killing squads and extermination camps in a massive and centrally organized effort to exterminate every possible member of the populations targeted by the Nazis.Name given to persecution and extermination of European Jews.The Holocaust was the systematic killing of Jews by the Nazis during World War II. Six million Jews were killed during the Holocaust.. . The Nazis also targeted other groups such as the Gypsies. These groups are sometimes included as well as part of the death toll.holocaust is the genocide of the Jews during the Second world war. They were tortured and killed.Most of them were gassed in a famous gass champs like Auschwitz Treblinka Dachau and more.If u want to read what was happening and watch a true video story visit this site : www.ushmm.orgThat's all about the world war II history that nazists destroy a huge amonut of ppl by using from some mass killing ways such as Gas, Fire and so on. . But as you know nowadays it's an open discussion between some history writers plus Iranian president from one side and Europina countries from other side.. What do u think about that yourself??There are several definitions, the most general one from dictionary.com is:. Great destruction resulting in the extensive loss of life, especially by fire.. . The definition most often referred to is the mass genocide of Jews by the Nazis during World War 2.
In 1968, a solution was agreed upon. AT&T had chosen the number 911, which met the requirements that it be brief, easy to remember, dialed easily, and that it worked well with the phone systems in place at the time. How the number 911 itself was chosen is not well known and is subject to much speculation. However, many feel that the number 911 was chosen to be similar to the numbers 2-1-1 (long distance), 4-1-1 (information, later called "directory assistance"), and 6-1-1 (repair service), which had already been in use by AT&T since 1966.if you're referring to 911 , an emergency number in the US, that was for the purpose of helping people under emergency.. if you're referring to the September 11 bombing, nobody clearly knows the reason, i think.it was made to shorten the response time of emergency servicesmaybe it was to Redicule the US authority to show them that 911 is not always the solution for every emergency..it is completely the contrary of the american's comfort-zone when they dial 911...maybe its time american authority try change the numbers similar to australian emergency number like "000"- who dare make out any code for that....! just a suggestion
South Korea didn't exist until after the war.  The Nation of Korea in general had been occupied by Japan for quite awhile before WW II started.NO. South Korea was not in existence yet during WWII so it was not involved. South Korea came into being only after World War II.
People love bad news.  Everyone runs out to see when they hear a siren, and they slow down to look at an accident.  When newspapers are all good news, they don't sell as well.We people evolved on the African plains where threats were always present.  Instead of hunkering down and only coming out at night, we went out during the day and had to be watchful.  We are always looking for that lion crouching in the grass or that warrior from the next tribe hiding behind the tree.
Kill all the foriegn (terrorists)fighters1. Provide full time employment for everyone.. . 2. Start executing all criminals and terrorists immediately.. . 3. If they are under 30, give them the option of joining the Iraqi Army if they are criminals who have not killed anyone and with the proviso that if they screw up by committing any further criminal act during Army service they will be executed.. . 4. For the future:  Convene an assembly of elders to write The Ten Commandments for Iraqis.  They can decrease these to 7 or increase to as many as 13 or 14 if they do not like the number 10.. . 5. Make sure they all know they are GONERS if this does not work.There has NEVER been peace in Iraq. I seriously doubt there ever will be. If the Iraqi people can form their own elected government and police their own country, that is all the world can expect from this whole mess.There will not be peace on earth until all humans are eliminated because good and evil are only concepts of humans.agreed with draco king. they have been in war since the crusades, that was way before america was even discoverd. nothin we can do, they do not like westerners in their homeWe have to ask them.. . Have you ever been to a doctor and the doctor just seems to talk and know it all, yet he/she hasn't even examined you yet?  . . Or worse, he/she has examined you, but makes a diagnosis completely off base from the reason you are there?. . In other words, the doc didn't listen to you?. . Same-same with Iraq.  How do people "over here" know what is going to work for the people "over there" without asking them?. . They already know the answer, all we have to do is listen.No. You can't help people that don't want help. These people don't want peace, it's a civil war. Nothing America does (except for nuke the whole place) will stop the fighting. Thats why we should leave and never speak of this mess again.
When field reporters are in remote destinations, there is usually a delay involved in transmission before the voice gets to them. So, although we are seeing the picture live, the voice from the anchor gets to them about a second or so later, thus they are really not hearing it when you are.To esure that they are listening very well despite the far distance ,or to show their politeness to their TV station's point of view when the latter insists to add information which do not exist on the ground.they feel like it
Um maybe because one Israel is not using nuclear energy and two they are not funding overseas terrorist groups bent on destroying another nation. And maybe just maybe because they are a open democracybecause phoneys get to decide who can have nuclear bombs and who can't and UN is nothing but a rubber stamp.because Iran is a muslim country, and the great powers in the world dont want other countries to have the ability to gain power by itself unless it goes back to that great powers and obey it. by that great powers would be great and always rulling the world.
Basically, it ended when Allied forced in WWII stopped this horrible practice by the Nazi party.  In "concentration camps," jews, gays, and other "undesirables" were being eradicated by the thousands.  Basically, this practice continued until the camps were captured and shut down bu US, Soviet, and other allies.by beating the nazis, (the people who ran the concentration camps)when hitler killed himself and the americans set all jews freeI just got home!when we got there
We do have sports news papers but they are normally specific to a sport. I.e Racing Post (horse racing), Angling Times, etc etc. Also most newspapers have very hefty sports sections in them especially at the weekend.There are large sport sections in most newspapers. Try the Sun, The Star, etc.
US does not allow anyone to have it if it can help it. that is interesting because it is the only country which ever used it for destruction.Because IRAN (LIKE ISRAEL) would make NUCLEAR MISSILES.. . However IRAN (UNLIKE ISRAEL)is run by a bunch of FANATICAL MORONS who would USE THEM to ATTACK FIRST if they had them ...Come on!! India, Paskistan N.Korea,Russia and who knows how many other Comunist countries have it.. Am almost sure nobody will use it in a war, cause HELLO!! you'll know what happens.. is just some countries are doing what hitler did before.. remenber history repeats itself.. its all about money and power not the civilians.. Think! all thru history who benefitted the most. Not the Romans, not christians(crusades) not the french(napoleon). not germany. it was the goverment!!!oh . what is the American are gaining now?? nothing!! someone is!
I believe it is in reference to broadcast channels.  For example my home town of RC, SD the channel's market was western SD, eastern WY, SE MT, SW ND, and NE NE.  With that in mind, those that would advertise on that channel would do so if it reached the audience it needed (so there would be the occasional car dealership commercial for a dealership 100 miles away).  The TV station in turn saw the area as their market and would do news with that in mind, local, sports, and weather all would feature the diverse area to get viewers to watch.A TV market is an area, most often a group of counties, that is served by a particular group of television stations.. . For instance, the Joplin-Pittsburg (MO-KS) market, where I live, is served by two stations in Joplin and two in Pittsburg. There are eight counties in Kansas, five in Missouri and one in Oklahoma that are considered part of the market. These are the counties Nielsen says watch those stations more than other stations around them, even though the people in the one county in Oklahoma may be able to pick up stations from Tulsa.. . This link: http://www.stationindex.com/tv/tv-markets will tell you about the markets.. . This one: http://ekb.dbstalk.com/TVMarkets/ has a map of defined market areas. It's hard to see where the states are but you can see general areas. (The Joplin-Pittsburg market is the maroon one south of the Kansas City market, which is bright green).. . Some counties on the outskirts of a market may switch between markets if surveys indicate the viewers have switched their preferences. One county in Arkansas used to also be in the Joplin-Pittsburg market. But one of the Fort Smith stations put a translator station in that county and the people there started watching that station and the other Fort Smith stations enough that Nielsen moved that county into the Fort Smith market.. . Last year, a county in southwest Kansas was moved from the Wichita market to the Amarillo market because people there switched their preference.. . Defining a market helps TV stations know how many people are watching so they can set advertising rates.
Bcuz it's something they didn't think to do to us first.Dear Dude, you are generalizing again, not all muslims are like that..  I saw all of the cartoons and I haven't gone crazy also I don't know anyone who has gone crazy around myself.. For a riot 10,000 people are sufficient and there are 1.5 billion Muslims around..  There are fanatic people everywhere, remember protests against showing Jesus in SouthPark?. Don't Generalize Dude,OK?Because they are brainwashed as children to hate Western Culture, and they (terrorists) are being "bred" right here under our noses.. They, the radicals, who kill innocents, have such pathetic lives, that they don't mind dying to get what they think is eternal bliss.. . I don't care what religion you have , or if you don't believe at all...  killing innocent people is a life crime that should be punished now and in the afterlife to the ultimate.u shouldnt consider all muslims the same way,1st we should remember tht all of us are humans n we are not similar in many aspects but we should respect to eachothers' beliefs,we are free to do many things but besides tht we should care about the aftermath n suide effects of our works,u wont tease ur fren if u know tht he/she will mind it n hurt.. 2nd u should know tht islam has been devided to different branches with different believers n they dun think in the same ways (like other religeons),some of them do radical n extremist things but we shouldnt accuse all of muslims becuz of tht group.Theres so much to say, iv lived in a mislim country my whole life so i can say that i understand them very well ..truthfully they shoudl apoligise i hace many reasons to it but its so much to say ,..go the to question i opend up if you wana learn more abotu what some ppl tink. . http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=ApnwwtDA0Fc6UIAsWMeyw53sy6IX?qid=1006020402958. . . . also i find it very pathedic how many of you wester ppl ( of which i am to ) are so closed minded you shoulded decriminate islam with out trully understang and arab or muslime think b4 you speak ( im not muslim btw). . also also you cant speak because you dont live here and you dont see  the effect on the ppl all you see is what is on the news and what the news's apoion is with out showing how the other side feels obviosly making you belive the other side.... so to all you closed minded idiots do a little reserch b4 you open you fat a** lipsi m muslim i wasnt have negative feeling 4 yr back ba wen i see i dun get justic ma lil bro n sis r killed wid out any reason n making fun wid ma religion.ever we do dis if v didnt then its means we cnnt tolrate it as wll.being a muslim i love ma PRopeht more then any thing in dis wrold n after ALLAH n it is in ma mind tht i must respect ma PROpeht .even i can dy 4 him so how can i tolrate tht some make FUN wid him ........do u think it is right ........WE LOVE OUR PROPHET MORE THEN OUR LIVES .....if u ppl dun hurt if some one do dis wid ur relegion ba it doest mean tht every one is like u if u make FUN wid jews see wat thy do ba as u have no power of thinking so ......its sad .....every one is not like u ppl may different from u.........WE NEVER TOLRATE THT SOME ONE MAKE FUN WID OUR HOLY PROPEHT>>>>>got it so plz dun ask des question agin n agin u know da answer ba u do dis jus 4 fun n hurt us agin n agin its not fiar if u call urself humen being so its in duty of humen to respct da feeling of other juss keep dis in mind we dun tolrate it its not in our mind tht some insult HIM :((((( ur cartoon hurts many hearts u dun notic it u juss asking dis Y Y Y we do so:(((((((((bad.....Follow the oil pipeline. For a millenium and a half they didn't know about the oil. And we resisted them. We killed them in the Crusades and we ridiculed them. But now they have something we need. All bets are off. The rules of engagement have changed. Black gold.
The people of Rapa Nui continually cut down the trees on the island to use as rollers for the moi (giant statues) moving them from the quarries to the coast.  They didn't reforest and eventually the island was left bereft of trees, soil erosion and the like.  So, the people simply left for other island.some theories are that NO humans were ever on Easter island.....that it was aliens....
The World Trade Center was conceived in the early 1960s by the Downtown-Lower Manhattan Development Association to revitalize the seedy radio row dominated by electronic stores.. . The north tower was opened in Dec. 1970 and the south tower in Jan. 1972.. . See the link below to find out how this all happened.more than one day
The West Bank of the Jordan River is a strategic high ground overlooking the country of Israel.  It is an ideal location for artillery to fire from.  Israel doesn't eally want it, they just don't want their enemies there, either.Israel won in the Yom Kippor war.  Very stratigic, also is a buffer between Israel and Jordan
What evidence do you have of this?I don't think that Yahoo! itself leans toward the left, rather that it reflects the general leftist politics of its users and, presumably, the population at large. Or perhaps people with right-wing politics are luddites and disinclined to use the internet so much.You are joking, right ? Have you looked at the questions (statements !) about politics and religion here ? I'd say most of them are on the conservative/right side.you need to adjust your monitor!
the triangle is represented in the gay community because when hitler rose to power he not only put jews in concentration camps he put gays. and the gays wore a little upside down triangle instead of the star of david like the jewsIt's PINK and it symbolizes a woman's "area".  It's associated with lesbians.  Go find a copy of Weezer's album Pinkerton and listen to "Pink Triangle".  That's how I found out way back in high school :)
Yahoo news can give you the info or local libraryTry interent sites.  Theyll have regional news and stuff that youll easily be able to findGo to a metropolitan areas site or that states site and look for news or names of newspaperssearch other states on the internet. try and find out what newspapers they run and if there is a site you can go to see the old ones
If I was starving to death, I may be compelled to steal, altho it is still wrong.  I hope God would forgive me for that.It is justified as a reflection of injustice in a society. The example of a starving person is the best one. Some of the behavior in Hurricane Katrina can be justified theft.
Promoters are responsible for getting the word out on an event or club.  They could use fliers, handouts, commercials, news writeups in newspapers, television coverage of the upcoming events, get information to tv and radio stations on the events.Depends. Mostly they distribute flyers and talk to people to entice people to go to clubs/events
Do you want to be Irish, or a Rich man? To be Irish, you could move to Ireland and become a citizen, to be rich, you work your not-yet-Irish booty off!learn how to spellyou can drink irish coffee live in irish and do everything what do irish men.
I'm thinking that the muslims are being a bit stupid about the whole thing, I'm a Christian and if Jesus was painted that way I would be annoyed but killing people over it? That's rather extreme.To me its quite stupid protest because someone protrayed them as radicals and then act like a radical protesting. Im really sorry i dont agree with the cartoons but the reaction to them was to harshIt makes them look like fools now.i`m thinking the muslims were offended.. and i don`t think it`s fair to just blame them when they are the scape goats for EVERYTHING lately.  . seriously, people need to grown up and have some respect.  i mean everyone in this whole situation...You must understand that in Eastern Society religion is a way of life. They fashion their whole world and being around their religious teaching.  They do not simply see this caricature as a meaningless cartoon, they see it as ridicule and a direct attack on their way of life. Strange that none of us Americans felt that it was silly to retaliate for 911. Let's wake up and be a little more sensitive to others feelings. Please remember 911 was the first attack on our homeland since Pearl Harbor.  These people endure bloody battles everyday.  The carton of milk we take for granted will be in the store, when we chose to go buy it, is a luxury many of these people haven't had in many years.  Thank God for our blessings and let's stop being so judgmental and intolerant towards others beliefs.Its all about religion.. . Because religion is the foundation of the human psyche.  It is the thing matters most in a human being from the time of conception to his death.. . Religion plays an important role in humans, if there would be no respect for this then the world will really be in chaos, i saw the cartoons, and I am not a muslim, it was really offending.  Its not about free press or freedoom of speech its about respect.. . Same thing how other stints potray christ.  Like in South Park cartoons, they potray christ as a radical neighboor.  Or put christ in the modern society, or movies The Last Temptation of Christ and of course the Da Vinci Code Book.They're just keeping the fires burning until the time for new CRUSADES to begin.noone being killed due to muhammed cartoons. he is a prophet of peace and he beloved by all muslimes because they know him and know every thing about his massege and his enimes want to make a bad picture of him.i am a muslim girl send me your email .my email is(ladia 1989@yahoo.com)I think they're using it as an excuse for excessive violence.What if somebody draws pictures of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in stupid poses? That's racism.  What if somebody draws pictures of jews stealing?  That's anti-semitism.  What if somebody draws pictures of a muslim holy man?  Oh, they need to lighten up and get a sense of humor.
because some extreamests uses the name of Islam to do some unexceptable actions like bommings and stuff so people relate. but they truth is that they are as good as anyone can be.. . in every religion we find good people and bad people but we cant relate one action by someone to the whole religion.i dont think this is true
beacuse in our days talking about the jews is permited only in good terms otherwise is illegal but about muslims it`s fair to say anything. this takes me to only one ideea jews are doing what they want with the worldNo one was put in jail for talking about the holocaust.. and no one was put in jailed for talking about Islam.. . Free your mind!
What????????????????. . What is wrong with you, you want world war 3???The Pope hasn't called for a new crusade because christians are living in the 21st century, unlike others who think that killing innocents is the only way to make themselves heard.well, not all muslims are reacting with violence, the ones who are are probly doing it cuz that is what they have been taught to do when they are offended. and the pope hasn't called a crusade cuz he doesn't have the power to do that anymore. he would have to clear it with the u.n. and that would be hard cuz wats his reason? they arent christian? we are all ready at war with iraq.Another idiot generalizing.They seem to use any excuse to promote terror. Their religous learders want to keep their power over muslams, so they make a mountain out of a mole hill, and try to frighten the common people of civilized countries. They love the press they are getting and the terror goes on and on as long as we play it up.The pope is smart to stay out of it, you know ... they may just kill off their own religion, no people...no religion.Get a grip on reality! it's because of idiots like you that the world is in the crisis that it is. What's wrong with freedom of religion? you worship what you want and let others worship what they want. Does it realy matter who's right and who's wrong.. I'm not a religous person, but I have a total tolorance of anybody's religion apart from fanatical dickheads like yourself who just want to spread hatred.. Didn't we learn anything from the Holocaust, Rwanda, Serbia etc etc. Fanatics from all religions need to locked up away from normal civilised humans beings.i really hate Racist... even thou i am Muslim.... Y the heck blame this group... Blame the country i say?!!!!? Not all Muslim are that Violent.... . come to Asia and there u see a better side...Why are you so short minded that you cannot look a bit futher then small groups?
Same reason as Jews are important to america.. . They are only a small number in America but they control the whole nation and whether Americans like it or they dont, they have their minds captured. So they make all the fuss about Holocaust.. . If holocaust killings were so dreadful, so were the Killings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki by Atomic BombIt's important to everyone as a lesson of history and how uncontrolled power and hate can destroy more than that which is hated.Because it was the last thing they scored in..... . Without WW2 and being able to point the finger at the holocaust the US would not be the way it became... . The holocaust makes even Guantanamo (the US kz on Cuba) look fine!The holocaust is important to all people of the world.  It is a good example of what "It's not our problem. . ." can lead to.. . It's important to America because it's the truth and we are concerned with the truth.because we KNEW it was happening and did nothing about itBecause of the they have so many nuclear weapons which could start a "nuclear" holocaust. Plus all the stuff America has done and how other countries view them. . . Most importantly... because it matters to many people given that they want to live?Alot of Jews in America either servived the holocaust or had family members who live/died in concentration camps.  It is an important time in history for us to remember, those who forget the past are doomed to repeat it.  We have to be diligent in keeping the horrors of history from repeating themselves.
If I get your question, you are asking what is the concept of terrorism by muslims, as the west sees it.  If this is wrong, the rest will be, too.. . We, in "the west," see terrorism as the last resort of a mostly-powerless people to make the general populace afraid to go about their daily routine.  A military will target military sites, doing damage to the enemy's ability to fight a war.  A terrorist will target the general populace, making ANY person a combatant.  Then, they will justify this random, senseless act by saying that either their god required it, their god would reward them for it, or the killing of their people in some other campaign (remember, they are a military target) DEMANDED the killing of innocent civilians.. . They are cowards.wat a funny n  answer was given by a frind tht we target militery places..........i think he didnt see wat west is doig in Iraq n Afaghnistan.....i wana tell u tht ur countires claimed tht thy r fighting aginst terrorism n terrorest....all terrersite r alive .terrorsim is spreading dy by day.............then who was killed in UR MILITARY TARGETED WARS.................innocent ppl juss innocent ppl..huh........as far as muslims concerns ...ISLAM IS AGINST OF KILLING..................the concept of JUHAD is totly wrong to u ppl........jihad is only allowed wen some hurt muslims.its also in ur natur tht wen ur bro n sis r in trouble u ll go 4 his help..n jihad is only can fight there where muslims r suffering...n jihad has some rules........juss fight wid dem who fight wid u..ISLAM never allows us to kill innocent ppl..........if some extermist muslims r doing dis, its donest mean tht its in islam....may b rather surely its our fault we r failed to convy a right teaching of Islam.....wat evr u ppl talking ,we read dis n we watch dis in ur media...so its all ur media which give dis impreesion..i m not saying tht wat ever some groups of muslims doing is right..n as ma islam tought me tht never support evil even if it is done by ur own brother(muslim)..AS muslim i m agisnt of all volince n killing not only by us ba from u as well.....as in KOran ...IF U KILL A man U LL KILL A WHOLE HUMENITY,N IF U SAVE DA LIFE A HUMEN U LL SAVE THE WHOLE HUMENITY,i cannt kill a lil insect coz i dun have right to kill the creature of ALLAH, ma ALLAH not allows me to kill His creature...so how do u ppl said tht it is in islam to kill ppl...........n jihad is only fight agisnt those who hurt our muslim only aginst of them...........u ppl r also doing dis if u can judge urselves.....n its ORDER of ALLAH 'dont make volince in world' its in ISLAM...ba unfortunately our muslims r deceived by some extremist imams(as i m aginst n hates those imam) who dun have full knowdge of islam..n wat ever comes in their mind thy convey it to ppl ..n as thy r religouse leader so ppl think tht its in islam so thy do all wat thy told by imams....i m not follwing tht type of imams.juss adopt those thing wich r in Koran.I JUSS wana give u a exmple tht one of our near imam siad tht education is not allowed to a women..1st i thought its true ba wen a talked to ma cousin who is believe in true islam n had research on islam.he siad if u r not getting knowdge then how do know wat is in islam n wat ur right wich islam has given to u , how do find ur ALLAH, n he SIAD U DONT KNOW THT hiTAD in wich HOLY PROPEHT siad tht"it is duty of all muslim men n women to seek knowdge'.........them i was ashamed of maself... after dis i study ISLAM by ma own self n i find it totly differt from tht imam(not all imams r bad ba some of dem realy misguaid our muslims wich brings a bad name 4 us)islam wich extremt imams have ,islam wat u have,n islam wich i have is 100%different..............ISLAM which imam have is extrmist..wat u have totly wrong.wat i have is very smiple loving n peacfull, AS ma HOLY PROPHET siad if u have 2 ways 4 a thing..juss chose smplist one..n i have chosen a smiplest islam 4 me in wich i have tought to respect all religion ,all creature of ALLAH, spread love n peace in world..wat ever extrmist muslim do..thy do wid their own will.......MA ISLAM NVER PERMIT ME TO KILL OR HURT A HUMEN LIKE ME...i dun have right to destroy the property of any man...i dun have right to kill innocent ppl.... i juss wana say i m muslim..n i m saying dis who i m to kill ALLAH creature........i protest agisnt cartoon ba still i dun have right to kill ppl n destroy thier property:). (i got wat ur question ba wana give ma ans wid ma will:) hope u ll 4 give me)
..... . Cape Fox owes much to its village elders whom in 1894 embarked on the journey from Cape Fox Village to establish their new home in Saxman.  Their efforts brought about the birth of Cape Fox Corporation.  Through their vision and dedication, Cape Fox Corporation has become the "long house" for future generations, by providing educational, social, and cultural support to its shareholders.The above answer looks great!  I didn't know they were a landmark.. . . Don't vote for this answer.  Second answer added to bring question to a vote.
The rules vary by jurisdiction and it really depends on what you want to know. Contrary to the answer above, most jails will not give out information about charges or court dates because it infringes on the privacy rights of a person who has not yet been found guilty of anything and can create a security risk.. You best bet is to simply write to the inmate in care of the jail or to contact his lawyer.. Keep in mind that the inmate has probably been instructed by his or her lawyer not to discuss the case with anyone, so if s/he won't answer questions, they are not being dishonest, just smart.Hmm, i dont know sorry!You look in your local phone book, get the number to the jail and then call. The number should be located in the blue government section of the phone book. All you have to do is tell the name of the person, they will say whether they are there are not. According to some privacy laws they may or may not tell you what crime they committed and their court date. Good luck!
Not to make an excuse for the Pearl Harbor attack, but were were in the middle of a WAR when that happened, so the target was completely military based, while the 9/11 attack was a silent attack, aimed at civilians.... . A total 2,403 were killed at Pearl Harbor. . A total of 2,819 were killed on 9/11almost sixty yearsboth are violent attacks on US soil...there is little difference, one a holy war and the other economic war...shows how vulnerable the US is, aint it??well in case of pearl harbour the attacker was imperial japanese force on the pacific island of HAWAII.. the reason of attack was Americans coverted support to allied forces in second world war.. . in case of september 11 attack was conducted by the al-qaida terrosists promoted by osama bin laden, on the atlantic cities of NEW YORK, WASHINGTON DC.. the reason of attack was American airstrikes attack on afghanistans taliban regime.that the one who atacked pearl harbor was japan,and in september 11 was irak, and pear harbor is on hawai!!! and september 11 was in new york!!! whay diferent places.Pearl Harbor = Military target  Trade Center = Civilian targetThe attack on Pearl Harbor was conducted by the government of Japan on a military target to achieve a political goal.  The attack on September 11th was conducted by cowards on a civilian target.
If your brain is still growing, it changes the brain patterns if you play for more than an hour at a time without stopping.. . BlublaHyperactivity in general.  Kids get used to having things flash all over the screen, change colors, and be action-packed.  No wonder they can't sit still or read books.A lack of physical activity.Some games can be quite an ordeal for the brain to take in..  It can affect your eyesight due to strain, and if any history of epilepsy exists, some games can bring on a fit. I am 53 years old and I play on the Serios level of Serious Sam. I have found it to be extremely addictive, sometimes 5-6 hours at a time. I would not reccomend this to anyone. Use your own judgement, and dont stay on too long. It is said Take a 15 minute break after every hour of playing. I reckon that is just about right. The thing is with games, once you sart one you want to complete it at the hardest level possible, without cheating and some games even if you are good can take a whole day to complete.
Well, he showed that we can over come anything.He had 3 Strikes agaisnt him and still over came them. Blind ,Black Man & Poor if he could make it and we're in a different times now what's our excuse.That's for all colors and cultures.I've been into good music for a long-long time, and Ray Charles is in the "Rock & Roll" Hall of Fame, Cleveland, OH.  How do I know, I was there last Sat, 4 Feb 06.  I'm not that old but really enjoy some of the good musicians of their times, and Ray Charles was one of them. My father enjoyed Ray Charles a lot, and I heard him play his records all the time, then when I got older I actually listened to what Ray had to say, and his unnatural beat then got very interested in his music.  He was known as "the Genius Sings the Blues", and I think he deserved that title as much as James Brown is the "Father of Soul".  And this comes from an all-white female under 30 year of age.  Nuff said.He was blind. Also, now he's dead.
calculate faster than humans do to make our lives better.the roles of computers in engineering, communication,and aviation is protect us the people help us locate anything that might be in danger to us and our country. As so it made our lives easy to find answers within matters of seconds instead of searching.
entertainment and news.but they give us alot of negative effects to.the media is one big gossip mill.i mean look at wayne gretzky right now.it is absurd.even the police say he didnt have any involvment.at the end of the day the media is just out to have the latest gossip so u buy there newspaper or magazine or you watch there show.Is it not obvious?  You are getting your question answered with a form of media.Information, that runs the world.
So, you went under your rock in 1996?. The Red Sox and White Sox both won the World Series.. Saddam Hussein is an American Prisoner.. And a George Bush is President again.. . Other than that, not much has changed.you should go back under the rock it is to frightenning out here, our great country is being led to it's downfall by an insane leader, people in france have gotten ill from eating chicken carrying bird flu[so don't eat any chicken]etc. etc. etc.Nothing terribly good....Oprah got richer and more overexposed every single day - but, of course, even people in a coma or under a rock should have known THAT...We're about to enter World War III thanks to the U.S. government. And Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston have split up.
Simply put, to save the lives of the American service men that would have been called upon to invade mainland japan.. . In retrospect I personally feel this was a just and fitting punishment for the country that brought us Pearl Harbor, The Bataan Death March, The Rape of Nanking etc.Because the Japanese simply weren't going to give up.  It was either surrender to them or go to extremes.  The Japanese mentality was to fight to the death and surrender was not an option.  That's why two bombs were dropped, because the first one didn't work.  A hugely regretful thing too.. . Also, it showed a power that would deter future wars.  We know what a nuclear bomb can do and saw proof of it.  Part of the reason for justifying dropping it was that as well.. . There are studies that show that event though so many deaths occured instantly with the explosions, prolonging the war would have caused many, many more deaths.the reason that we dropped them is basically that american casualities would number at least 1 million. plus the civilian casualities would have be some which is not a good number. after taking the south island and the way the regular people fought i would have been a blood bath on both sides. as horrible as it was it possibly saved many people. this can only be said if you understand the mind set of the japanese people and the complete devotion they gave the emperour.The main reason for the Nuclear Bomb's being used in Hiroshima and Nagasaki was to expidite the end of the War between Japan and the United States and thereby end World War II.  The general plan was to invade Japan in landings such as we did in Europe on D-Day,(June 6, 1944), in the fall of 1945 with the expected end of the war being projected as mid to late 1946.  It has been estimated that such an invasion would have cost at least 2,000,000 additional causualties.  The use of two atomic bombs in Japan on August 6, and 9, 1945 made Japan decide to accept the American's terms of Unconditional Surrender, the U.S. conceeded to allow Japan to keep it's Emperor which was one stumbling block to Japan being willing to Surrender Unconditionally.  This was the only time in history that Nuclear Weapons were used by one Nation against another in a time of war, yet they were used to bring the war to a quicker end and saving countless lives on both sides.Japan was part of the axis forces and had an extremely strict dictatorship. You may think this is wrong but in their nation it was a completely honorable and loyal way of a country to function. The people of Japan, being as loyal as they were, had complete faith in their dictator and just about everyone would fight to the death to serve his purpose. The US demanded surrender from them as soon as the Germans were taken care of, but surrender was not an option for the people and their leader. After the first bomb, it was a devasting blow that struck the hearts of many Japanese but they did not want to give up their cause. After the second bomb, they realize they cannot compete against such a cruel weapon of mass destruction and more kills would be senseless and inevitable if they did not give up. I personally admire the loyalty of the people to their nation, but I did not like the fact that they decided to bomb Pearl Harbor for no apparent reason since at first the US declared itself a neutral nation in the second world war. This second bomb marked the end of the WWII.The US dropped atomic bombs there.  . . Before the US entered WWII, (which is where we dropped the bomb) Germany and Japan were fighting most of the rest of Europe.  the US, while not in the war, was providing supplies to England (amongst others.)  The Axis powers. (including Japan, where Nagasaki and Hiroshima are) Japan decided they needed to attack America before they got involved with the war.  SO.... . They attacked us at a port called Pearl Harbor (seen the movie?) and sank a bunch of our ships.  Well, to retaliate, we decided it'd be best to use nuclear weapons and did, in Hiroshima and Nagasaki.. . (It worked, actually, as Japan quickly surrendered.)5 reason ;. 1) to end the war where the Japanese are proving to be more stronger nation than others.. 2) To show the world that US is a force to be reckon of.. 3) To test the nuclear weapon on the real life affect.. 4) To ensure that the Asians will always bow to US.. 5) Can't test at Europe as US armed forces were involved with Alliance and their peoples are in the forces.The US was created the Atomic bomb because we thought the germans were going to use one on us so we were preparing for that.  We actually had no intention of using on the Japanese.  In fact many of the scientists that created it sent a petition to the president in a desparate plea not to use it, because they knew the devastation it would cause, especially in an area of such high population like nagasaki and hiroshima.  Pearl harbor happened December 7, 1941 and the first bomb dropped on August 6, 1945 and then again on August 9, 1945.  It wasn't purely for reasons of Pearl Harbor.  Truman said he wanted to win with the lowest ammount of american lives lost.  Well that was the eaisiest way it could be done.Germany had been defeated.  Japan could not win.  They still had a large military, but without their allies, Japan's defeat was unavoidable.  Yet Japan refused to give up.  They continued to send their soldiers to kill the citizens of the world... continued to send their soldiers to their deaths.  The war could have continued for a long time, and many more American lives, and her allies lives, could be lost.  The war had to end.  Japan had to surrender.  In order for this to happen they had to be completely devastated.  Japan didn't give up after the bomb was dropped on Hiroshima...  No, they still were ready to kill.  It is sad that it came down to so many innocent lives being lost.  More would have died, however, if the war had continued.  More importantly, more Americans would have died.  America believes that all men are created equal, and all human life has the same value...  However, the President of the United States has an obligation, first and foremost, to the lives of the citizens of his country.  The regretable decision had to be made.  America then helped Japan recover, and helped them to become the prosperous nation they are today.We dropped the bomb.. . If you mean why we dropped the atomic bomb, it is because he Japanese dug themselves in and because we were losing thousands by island hoping, we knew we would loose so many lives attacking mainland that we just said: There's no way we can win without massive casualties.. . Another factor is that there were storys(that turned out to be true) about children and women being trained as suicide bombers, etc.. . Although unfortunate, if we hadn't done it, they would quite likely have taken over the world and be ruling it today(Yes the Japanese, not hitler. The russians took care of him.)The goal was to secure the unconditional surrender of Japan. The Battle of Okinawa had led to the death of 18,000 Americans and 120,000 Japanese troops. President Truman feared that half a million troops would die in an invasion of Japan.. . There has also been arguments put forward that the US wanted to finish the war in a better position than the USSR and to test the effectiveness of the new weapon.I was taught that the US government developed the atomic bomb in a reaction to the Germans bombing England with their V2 missiles.  When the Germans surrendered and the Japonese remained the only Axis power left in WWII, the atomic bombs were then considered for them.  Ultimately the bombs were dropped on those 2 cities because the Americans felt the Japonese would never surrender and the U.S. army would have to island hop from Austrailia all the way up to Japan to "clean out" the japonese army.  the U.S. thought dropping the bombs would save 100,000's of lives.  but it is still unclear why both were dropped.  one would have made the Japonese surrender.
miniturization including transistors and from those computers growing ever smaller.  Nano technology is the next step.I don't think there have been ANY...
It was an accident, my bleeding heart liberal friend friend. Of course, we should probably ban all guns and leave everyone defenseless from burglars, robbers, and the government.Because he can.Can you say ACCIDENT? Or are you above making one of those?it appears glaucoma has finally set in...he should know the quail is always in the bush...silly old manBecause he has really bad aim. He is a very old man.because he's around George Bush too muchReally he did that? You must be joking.lol, today just ruled. . http://www.foxnews.com/video2/player05.html?021206/021206_usw_cheney&FNL&Accidental%20Shooting&U.S.%20%26%20World&U.S.%20%26%20World&-1&newits just another republican abusing his power-nothing newMistakes happen.  Just like the false evidence of weapons of mass destruction.  Sometimes you have causalties as a result of these accidents.  If you're an individual in power then you're above the law and should not have to suffer the consequences.  Consequences are for the individual citizens and not for those that make the laws.  It like when your parents smack you for spilling cranberry juice on their white carpet.  They have a fit and punish you badly but when they have their cocktail party spill red wine all over nothing happens.  This is the order of life.  Live with it
He is out of his coma, partially talking but he had a lot of internal and possibly brain injuries so his recovery time is going to be pretty harsh, however he is pulling through like a trooper. Fox News has a lot of updates on him.The last update I heard yesterday, He was slightly responding to verbal comands.  They are still concerned about possible brain damage.  He actually is doing quite well considering what he went through.  He was lucky to make it out alive.  His recovery will be a slow, and long process.  But doctors feel that someday a near-normal recovery is possible, it all depends on the extent of the damage to his brain.
Great idea...but Peace is not as profitable as war.. Especially for those with connections to big Texas Oil, or defense contracting.. Now if someone could come up with a way to make Peace Profitable to Big business...that would be an answer.C'mon, women do rule the country.  They just do it from the shadows and let the men take all the blame.. . If a woman made it to the point of being nominated for President I would definitely vote for her.  We need a big change and that might just be it.  As far as peace?  That would be great, but if you watch any two groups of people anywhere you'll see conflict.  But, just like in any fight, no matter how big or small, there is always a diplomatic solution, a way out without violence, if both sides are willing to use their brains.  Women tend to be less violent depending on their upbringing and life experiences and could probably find other solutions by nature better than men.  We have fought war after war after war in this world without a single one of them being unavoidable if the right people were doing the thinking.But then we would be like those gay ass norhtern european countries and justin case. High standards of living, ugly low emission cars, soccer teams. It just makes me sick.Get the Islamic radical towelheaded terrorists to start, and we'll follow.. .   If women ran the worls, we'd have no more nuclear weapons.  In times of war, countries would just NAG each other to death.peace is definately the answer.i think it would be great to have a woman president.i would vote for her if one ran....well, depending on her views.ya know?muslims belive that there is heaven and earth but right now we are in hell and when we die we will go to this place known as peacewomen are always good with peace we should rule the country not bush!!!!!!!!yes that would be nice, and i dont know about the women thing... depends on the woman i guessmuslims r the most peaceful nation.u can check our history if u r in any doubt.and who told u that muslims have started any war.these wars are started by others every time.sure it would be nice to have peace and not war but the problem is when one side wants to make peace and the other wants war. Canada had a woman prime minister. It lasted for a few months I think and she realy messed stuff up.Peace?what kind?short term peace or an ever lasting one?Well,ostensibly everybody wants peace,particularly world leaders.Want one "concrete" example? 'The War On Terror'of . the Bush administration.War for peace!That's their only "diplomatic" solution!But let's be realistic.The history of mankind is the history of wars.Great leaders is perpetually justifying their cause or selfish motive by shameleesly uttering the holy word 'peace'.War is not the means to attain peace.To attain peace,well,one should make sure that there's peace within oneself.Hah!but man is self-centered & aggressive,am wasting my time here talking about peace while there,in Iraq,the death toll is still escalating and in Palestine,Hamas is still refusing to get involved in peace talks with Israel!I firmly believe that to attain peace,wisdom is needed,but,sadly to say,this is precisely what our leaders lack today!As far as women are concerned,definitely the world will be different from what it is now!According to the magazine,Newzweek,the World Economic Forum found,in a study of just three countries,that women wanted more money for health care,education and social welfare,and less for the military.So, you can imagine the drastic change!But our men leaders squander money in the military instead of tackling pressing health problems like AIDS.So ponder upon it,here is two diplomatic solutions to obtain an ever lasting peace;wisdom & women!And by the way,that canadian woman president who messed up things is a rare case,perchance,the only 1 up to now!History is a clear witness that women rule better than men.What about Margaret Thatcher & Suhbaataryn Yanjmaa?And now Angela Merkel,Let's wait and watch what she does and how she rules!May be we are confronting another Thatcher.Peace is surely a simple word,but to attain it,each and everyone,particularly our leaders & diplomats,should see to it that peace is not only for others but for him/her as well and that it's not merely a word found in the dictionary but a word which manifests itself in our interraction with others and in our actions!According to our president you are now a traitor. Doubting our divine right to kill the hapless civilians of any country we want...shame on you. Look Sister it's not our fault that thier country is on top of our oil. Besides if there wasn't a war then you wouldn't be afraid and if you are not afraid then you won't be so willing to give up your rights so be afraid. the terrorists want to kill us all. Write your congress person/senator right now.
why should muslims chance. hey i am a chirstian and if i don`t agree to change so why should they change? just because we`re narrow minded? they shouldn`t chage we should accept them fore what they are1. Muslims should read the Quraan and try to understand the real meanings of it.. 2. Muslims should  practice islamic rules in their life, not just only speaking and talking about Islam. 3. Belive Allah and trust Him always. He is the best Guide for Muslims.Islam can change . Muslims can't change. it kinds of knowledge , kinds of society , kinds of education . kinds of governmental behavior.. The nations do right if thy are lead ethics
No, not the Greek calendar - simply that the expense of hosting a modern games (they started in 1896) is prohibitive to an annual event.  Also makes it more special, dontcha think?. . You can Google the heck out of this, by the way - or go to your local library.Besides, athletes also need some times for recuperation and proper training, I suppose.
how are they harsher against homosexuals? are you talking about enforcement or what? it seems that the sodomy laws pertain to the only acts that homosexuals perform so is that why you think they are harsher? hmm give more info so we can give you a better answer.Probably because the President is from TX where they have no mercy about sodomy or same sex marriage.Because lawmakers do not realize that sin is sin, regardless of who is sinning.I believe sodomy implies homosexuality...
Freedom of Speech only applies if it doesn't infringe upon or impede the rights of others.  And, the extremists in this world rarely think about the rights of others, if they did...they wouldn't be extremists.  Bottom line...they are truly ignorant.Because some people in the goverment are racist and/or stupid.To you second question:  people are hypocrites--you better get used to it.  To your headline question:  freedom of speech usually doesn't frighten the people in charge, but occasionally, somebody stumbles across some information that can actually damage the agendas of these people.  In these situations, they say it's bad for the government, and most people are stupid enough to believe them.  This is called military and political censorship.  For example, letting it be known by a large number of people that the U.S. traffics drugs is frowned upon by our government.schools are weird about that.they talk about that in history class all the time.but wer still not alod to talk during class.not even history class!!Because there is no freedom of speech originaly
Most of them are for it.  They tell us how good it is to fight for another countrys freedom.. . And we do know the body count they update us every day.PoorlyThe media usually chooses to report the negative aspects of the war. The casualties, the bombings, the insurgecies, and the threats from terrorist leaders. Why? Because that's what sells.  They skew the numbers so that it sounds worse than it is.  They ignore positive aspects like the fact that Iraq is the first and only Middle Eastern nation to have a democratic government, and the fact that everyday the nearly 200,000 Iraqi soldiers and police officers are better able to protect their own territory with limited or no help from the American military or any other military.During the invasion the media was pro-US, nobody questioned the motives and reasons. But after the war really got going I find it ridiculous that people are blown to bits on the street in markets and some are killed because they are Shi'ites going to pray. Some people are captured of beheaded because they are 'agents' i.e a driver or a cook!?? Only in Iraq have these monstors been called 'insurgents' when they are even worse than terrorists. Trust me, if you al-Qaeda was evil then try the Baath party!!! conclusion.. many journalists are biased against Iraq because of personal problems they have with Bush and co. But Iraq is suffering because of the terrorists more than anything else but looking at the media, everything gets blamed on the occupiers and the democratically elected govt.How can they.  We can't even get an accurat body count.  Every one who tries to report what's really happening over there gets killed. Hmmmmm...It depends on what news company you listen to. If you listen to Republicans (ex: Bill O'Reilly), they will tell you that the war is great, and that it was the right decision. Democrats however, will tell you what the true story is: the number of people that have died, the obvious scandal, and actual reason Bush decided to invade Iraq when we knew that they were not involved in 9/11.huge bias! FOX, clearchannel, they're all in the FCC's back pocket. and the bush regime's too! get your info from al jezeera and DemocracyNow!
go 2 the liebrary they have all the old papersContact the paper and ask for the "Morgue".  They keep copies of all papers.It depends on what newspaper you're referring to. Contact the appropriate paper and ask abot their Archives.
Shot in the head at Ford's Theatre while watching a play called Our American Cousin.. . John Wilkes Booth shot him.My friends, no one, not in my situation, can appreciate my feeling of sadness at this parting. To this place, and the kindness of these people, I owe everything. Here I have lived a quarter of a century, and have passed from a young to an old man. Here my children have been born, and one is buried. I now leave, not knowing when, or whether ever, I may return, with a task before me greater than that which rested upon Washington. Without the assistance of the Divine Being who ever attended him, I cannot succeed. With that assistance I cannot fail. Trusting in Him who can go with me, and remain with you, and be everywhere for good, let us confidently hope that all will yet be well. To His care commending you, as I hope in your prayers you will commend me, I bid you an affectionate farewell.How old are you?   He was shot by John Wilkes Booth.shot
Two things.  It is an arab vs black war.  The arabs want the blacks grazing grounds.The people in Darfur want share of power & wealth. Th egovernment has utilized arab militias against the rebels. They are called Jingaweed. The latter carried brutal tactics against civilans.
I believe American media, with their penchant for beating a dead horse, serves only to lengthen conflicts.  To our media, everything is ratings and ratings are everything.  As long as media can milk readership/viewership from a story, they'll run with it.  They aren't bothered by the flames it may well fan, or the lives it may cost.Interesting question, especially considering the present circumstances. Look what's happened just because of a few cartoons. Yes, they were offensive, but all the deadly demonstrations. I think that is overkill...quite literally.. Now some more photos are being released from the abu ghraib prison tortue scandal and I'm scared about the potential effects it could have. I know it is important for the media to bring things out in the open, even things that are not flattering, but the timing of these photos does not seem well considering the present circumstances. Its adding fuel to the fire. It will be interesting to see how they are reacted to.
Even a government commission (whatever that is) can't give us answers when no one knows.. . The problem is still being studied, so it won't happen with some other building.It's not unknown, it fell on its own accord. WTC 7 was like the leaning tower for a couple days. Gravity had to take over sooner nor later
Because it's the only thing we have that's positive. In Ireland before I left, the Protestants and the Catholics were fighting non-stop.I have no clue!!!y u at sense no makes.......yes.For God's sake sort out your grammar!I think because they take it so personally. For instance, you don't say "the English football team", you just say "England" as if the entire nation was justthose 22 men. Peopel support thier local team for life even if they're not sucessful. Read Nick Hornbys book Fever Pitch to understand a football fans mentality.Because it is like our football over here.We are so goodIt's because of David Beckham,I presume. Well honestly,I don't have the slightest idea as to why Europeans are so crazy over soccer. But I guess it's because Europe is where soccer evolved into a more popular international sport despite its American origins.
You mean Ernest Taylor Pyle, 1900–1945, American journalist. If so just google it and you will find many sites dedicated to him and you will find some columns here and some columns there depending which site liked which column.I did a search on "ernie pyle memorabilia" and there are many listings.  A former correspondent named Laurie Manton (UK war correspondent Gulf War One, 1991) says that many Americans have scrap books of his columns. That is where she obtained much of her collection.  Check out the link below.  Many nice things are said about your great uncle at the bottom of the article.  . . Good luck in your quest.
The name of the book is I've Been Watching You by author Susan Mustafa. It's fairly new so I don't know if it has come out yet"Tracker: Hunting Down Serial Killers????
Then they would have to be honest about how well President Bush has done for this country.  It's kinda hard for marxists to allow for the concept that their perspective maybe wrong.The media doesn't even tell half of the real story. They make the war in Iraq way too sugar-coated. American news channels are so eager to report how "happy" Iraqis are because they are finally "free"... But all of that is a huge lie. Any war will make civilians suffer terribly.. The news & media ALWAYS reports how many US soldiers die (which happens to be few numbers), and they fail to report the huge amount of Iraqis that die because of the war. The Abu Ghraib prison photos were the only truthful events that were exposed to the American public. What a lot of Americans don't know (thanks to the news & media) is that Iraqi civilians have been abused, molested and raped ever since the war began, and those horrible things are still going on TODAY!. Believe me, the media isn't even close to reporting the REAL negative events going on in Iraq. I'd suggest getting some translations of international news stations, such as Al-Jazeera or Al-Arabiya. Those are the most popular Arabic news channels, and they give you a much more honest view of Iraq, and other events.That's just how the media works. If something's wrong, it reports it so people can be aware and the problem can be fixed.. . When was the last time you saw a headline saying "Sun rises again, doesn't explode", or "Everything goes right with election"? It's pointless to point out the stuff that's working well, it doesn't serve a purpose.If you watch foreign news it is more harsher than ours.  You are not even getting everything that is happening over there.  Our media is government controlled and corporation controlled.  If you dont believe me, put up a transmitter and see how long it takes the FCC to come after you.  News sells ad space like any other show and are not going to offend their sponsors.  So out of all that filtering, what do you think you are going to see?Because negative attention is more interesting than positive. . Thats the whole point of the media.. And this is the reason why tabloids stay in business.. Sorry to say this but people love hearing of others misfortune.they're not obliged to report what you want to hear. If you make a mess in Iraq, they should say so. But, I disagree with you. I think they're too lenientIts just the way it goes when the public stops supporting things like endless wars over petrolium. Going into our 4th year and where are we?  I am thinking apprehensive and tired of it. Its a shame when you think of all the good things these monies and lives could have gone to   The lack of support is only increasing... and isn't it funny how Bush travels accross the nation like a door to door salesman trying to sell his war.well the media is more apt to lean left and to do what they can to make bush look bad  they see as their civil duty. they hate republicans. mostly i feel because of the guilt they feel for making money from doing almost nothing. and deep down most of them suffer from a desire to create socialism. they feel that we can not take care of ourselves that we are not smart enough to feed clothe or house our self. and they feel it is the duty of any one with money to pay the way of those who do not. oh the ones that do not have money well normally is because of lack of working. also news moves so fast they are so afraid of being out done that they do not stop to investigate the facts and it has gotten acceptable to make ( lies ) mistakesBecause there is so much more negative than positive in Iraq right now? Because of the mis-management by this administration, the situation in Iraq for the typical Iraqi is worse than it was 3 years ago.I think people like to hear bad stuff.  not many people would watch the news if it was all about puppies and kittens. The bad stuff gets the attention of the viewers.  It's all about the ratingsThe media is told to report only when militants blow up something or Iraqi patriots do something to free their country. they dont say anything when US troops kill.Media reports on the negative anytime possible. Think of what sells more: a girl that was lost in the woods and then found or a girl that was lost in the woods only to have her mutilated body found with sixteen others. I know I'd sure second-glance the latter article.because their is not to much significant positive things going on in Iraq, the negative significant events are out numbering the positive things happening in Iraq..... Is there any positive....Because there is nothing positive to report, the country is heading to civil war. I have American news channels and they are so innacurate, they make it look like the poor Iraqis are saved by the soldiers, thats crap, I aslo have access to Al jazeera, Abu Dabi, all English and Irish channels, beleive me its worse than you think.
if it was in the paper look at the library,or call the police station if it was reported.I would first search for a newspaper in that city or area, then search the newspaper for car accidents on the date. yahoo usually works for me.
They are dead!The greatest effect on war victims and their families and friends is the obvious physical damage that might have happened to any victim if that victim survived.. . The other damage is the memory of the moment in time that the victim feels and talks about...Memory can be a curse
well if you have weapons or oil or something else that either side might want you can offer it for a price.  Other than that most people who don't have these things don't benefit much from it.sell weaponsAsk the Bush family. They've been doing it since WWII.
Basically a couple tornados touched down at conklin cars, and at the hospital. Also, some fires due to the dry air. Everything was taken car of though.Appearanetly there were some bad brush fires. And a couple of tornados.. . http://www.kansas.com/mld/kansas/news/breaking_news/14226206.htm
I know this sounds so Liberal, but if we kill them outright we are making ourselves no better than they are.  . . These things must go through due process, no matter how long that may take to make sure they are held accountable for every single act they have committed - this ensures that victims families can be sure their hurt has been addressed and that the correct person has been brought to justice for the crime.I guess they deseve due process like anyone else.  Plus, putting them on trial might also bring other parties guilt (or innnocence) to light.  So, maybe more people can be held accountable for a regimes misdeeds.
I was upset (HOUSTON resident), and then we evacuated. Houston was a ghost town! . Now Im pissed. Sorry.. All of those people are doing horrible things to my city now.. they are so ungrateful for all that we helped them with. they are pathetic if you ask me. instead of making a bad situation better, they make it  "9th ward" like worse.. I DO NOT PITY THEM ANYMORE!!!. way too much crime has happened since katrina and the crime rate has sky rocketed!. Plus the only thing they did was missuse the money that was given to them... they are sooo.... they just need to go back, even if their new home is a swamp!What is there to think about?... the United states president is a "prick".I don't think we should pity the victims, look how they acted.  They don't deserve all the help they have been given.  For example, one "victim" took the money she was given to play the lottery and won.  Why are we giving tax payers money to people who are going to use it to buy alcohol, drugs, and lottery tickets?I've been in a major hurricane and can say it is quite a terrifying ordeal. I think in retrospect (of Katrina) that government agencies from Mayor of New Orleans, to the Gov. of Louisiana, to FEMA, there could have been better preparedness.I think it was devastating, I think it brought people together in the recovery process and in turn made people realise how wonderful it is to give themselves fully to help others.. . I think it also may have made some of the victims realise just how little we need to live on.  It was very sad.It's a tragedy.  There was so much pain and devastation.  It brought out the best and the worst of many people.  . . However, it saddened me to see how quickly it turned into a political "bashing" war.  All the finger pointing took time and money away from what really mattered, helping a city and it's people get back on their feet.. . Plenty went wrong, but EVERYONE could have done things differently.  Hindsight is 20/20.Nobody was to blame.  Nobody could have done a better job than what Bush and Ray Nagain did in that situation.It was scary.It's really sad, i feel so bad for those poor people...  one day u have everything, one day, nothing...  really is sad..i think that the mayor and governer are idiots for not using the busses to evacuate everyone. i think everynoe who knew it would hit a decent time before and could have evacuated but decided not are idiots. i do not like how the looters took advantage when wall mart opened its doors and they stole electronics etc.i was kinda scared cuz i thot it mite hit were i live
Well, we aren't all stupid like the last answerer.. . Leon Czolgosz was the assassin of William McKinley.. . What I can't seem to find is what happened to his 6 brothers and 2 sisters.  It is quite possible that they changed their name in an effort to distance themselves from their brother's act.Who the hell is Leon Czolgosz?
A short allegory of Israel:. . Pretend that Israel is an apartment building.. . Some jews live there, some Arabs (Jordanians). Many empty nasty apartments.. . The Health Department says you Jews need a place to live. Take these places, fix them up, live here.. . Tired Jews move into vacant apartments, in spite of the hatred and attacks and murders by the Arabs (Jordanians).. Them fix up the apartments, live quietly, and protect themselves.. . Health Department comes by and says, good job, you can keep the apartments and the building itself.. . Jews now own the building. Arabs (Jordanians) say "Oh my God, they will murder and kill and rob and rape us simply because we murdered and killed and robbed and raped them, how unfair!!". . Arabs (Jordanians) run away leaving vacant apartments.. . Abandoned apartments become property of the landlords (Jews) and are turned over to other settlers who move in.. . Arabs (Jordanians) go to all other Arab countries and whine about reparations and poverty. Other Arab Countries kick them out.. . Arabs (Jordanians) decide that they need a new image.. . "Hey!!! We're Palestinizers now! Palestinites? Palestonians? Palesturgers??? (Gets out Liberal Arab Talking Points Crib notes) Oh! Palestineans! Right. These mean thoughtless cruel non burkah wearing Jews have DRIVEN us from our ancestral lands in Palestan. Wait!! Palestine. Boo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo (are the cameras still on me?) Hoo. We are peaceful people so murder them, rape their women, crush their children, blow up their weddings, funerals, cafe's, busses, wait - don't hurt the furniture, we'll need that!"I think you can trance the origins of modern terrorism back to the days of the Barbary Coast. Yasir Arafat and the PLO jumpstarted the ideas of planejackings and bombings as a means to acheive their stated goal of destorying the Jewish State.Another short allegory of Israel:. . Pretend that Israel is a country.. . Jews used to live there, historically, but bogged off long ago. The place is roamed FREELY by Arabs. Many empty spaces, meaning that the Arabs can go to the area that best serves their needs at that time. These Arabs have no real notion of the 'ownership' of the land, because they have no reason to squabble about it amongst themselves.. . The allies say "you Jews need a place to live. This country is where your historical ancestors didn't want to live, now you can live here so that both you, and us Christians can have easy access to biblical territory. The Arabs don't matter - they don't qualify as 'humans' because they aren't Christians.". . Tired Jews move into the country, forcing the residents - the Arabs - to go to the most hostile parts of the land. The Jews are unable to understand the hatred this provokes, and their US backed hostile approach leads to attacks and murders by the Arabs and by the Jews. The Jews continue to protect themselves by forcing the inhabitants out of their traditional places, and denying them access to places revered by Arabs, and by cutting the Arabs off from supplies brought in - and preventing them from exporting things.. . Allies - now just the US - come by and say "Good job! You are keeping those pesky non-bible believers at bay!". . Jews now own everything. Arabs say "Oh my God, they will murder and kill and rob and rape us simply because we fought them when they attacked us and tried to expel us from our homeland, how unfair!!". . Arabs are forced to live in an area that the Jews give them permission to live in.. . But then parts of that Arab settlement - although poor and unsatisfactory considering the fact that the Jews are the usurpers - are stolen from the Arabs, and are turned over to other (Jewish) settlers who move in.. . Arabs tell of their ordeal to other Arab countries, and wonder about reparations and poverty - who will compensate them for the robbery and pain that has been inflicted on them? Other Arab Countries try to help. Egypt, for example, is attacked by the Jews.. . Arabs decide that they need to appeal to the world's decent people - but no-one helps. Unfortunately they still have to fight off Jewish attacks, but they don't have access to the same class of weapons as the Jews, so instead of using nuclear weapons, or US issue missiles & top-class weaponry they are limited to walking up to a bunch of Jews with a crude bomb strapped to their chest. Top-notch Jewish leaders & military are hard to get close to, so civilians suffer - after all, Arab civilians are suffering, and someone needs to pay, so what else can be done? . . "Hey!!! We're Palestinians now! These mean thoughtless cruel non burkah wearing Jews have DRIVEN us from our ancestral lands in Palestine. We were, and would still like to be, a peaceful people, but when they constantly bomb our homes (from a safe distance, with their western weapons,) maiming and killing our children & women, abducting/arresting young girls from their homes in pyjamas in the middle of the night - and not returning them - what do they DO to those girls, I wonder??? How can we express our outrage? How can we retaliate for their atrocities? Unfortunately we have to murder them - although I've never seen any reports that claim Arabs have raped Jewish women. We end up crushing their children, like they have crushed ours. We blow up their weddings, funerals, cafe's, busses, as they do to us". . "Hey!! We're the Jews!! This is OUR country!! The yanks said so!! We have nuclear weapons, so don't push us too far!!! You make us spend a fortune protecting those people who are important to us - rich people & politicians for example! You even complain when we steal the land we grudgingly allowed you to live on!! Boo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo (are the cameras still on me?) Hoo. WeHow Stupid of a ? is that
Israel became a country in 1947.On the eve of World War I, the anticipated break-up of the enfeebled Ottoman Empire raised hopes among both Zionists and Arab nationalists. The Zionists hoped to attain support from one of the Great Powers for increased Jewish immigration and eventual sovereignty in Palestine, whereas the Arab nationalists wanted an independent Arab state covering all the Ottoman Arab domains.
Cause the majority of world leaders are as dumb as their voters... They seem to be able to communicate with eachother via animal like sounds. Ive never heard a politician give a decent answer in any language but I beleive it sounds something like this...Eee Awww EeeH Awww!because they are uneducated and they never think.GULLIBILITY IS ONE OF THE DISTINCT HALLMARKS OF A MAJORITY OF THE INEPT MASSES, AND MAJORITY KIND OF LEADERS ARE EXTREMELY SMART AND ALERT. SOME LEADERS ARE HELPFUL TO THE MASSES, BUT MOST ENJOY EXPLOITING THE NAIVE GULLIBILITY OF THE UNENDING MASSES AND, THEREBY, CASH IN ON SUCH EASILY AND ABUNDANTLY AVAILABLE HELPLESS SOFTIES!People prefer to be led, they are sheep (the masses are asses).They don't know any better, but by coming to live a physical life on this sh*thole of a planet, and suffering lots, they can learn not to be such f*cking zombies in subsequent lives.
Land of Hope and Glory is the English anthem and it is English athletes who have won the medal. The Scots, Welsh and Northern Ireland each have their own anthem. God Save the Queen is the anthem of the United Kingdom so it is suitable for the Olympics but not the Commonwealth Games as each component nation of the UK has its own team.Actually its played when ENGLAND win, not Brits. Britain constitutes England, Scotland, Wales, Isle of Man and other small islands.. . God Save the Queen (or King) is the official National Anthem of the United Kingdom (which has the constituent nations of England, Scotland, Wales, N. Ireland). The individual nations of the UK do not have offical national anthems although there are some songs which are widely considered to be so. Wales has Land of My Fathers, Scotland has Flower of Scotland, Northern Ireland uses Danny Boy. For England whilst Land of Hope and Glory is widely considered to be an alternative National ANthem there is broad debate over whether to use that or Jerusalem, a hymn which uses the words from William Blakes preface to Milton:A Poem. Rugby matches always have Jerusalem.. . Persoanlly I would rather have Jerusalem!. . Oh and by the way, Land of Hope and Glory and Jerusalem are both a sarcastic view of the England, so its quite ironic that songs that were originally taking a slight dig at England are now considered to be our un-official national anthems.
Illinois, and it's just starting to thunderstorm. I thought today was s'posed to be nice!!!!I'm in the philippines and its very sunny here...im Michigan....and the weather is...not doing anything...it was nice today finally!Missouri and it has been raining off and on all dayEast Texas: It's humid, slightly warm, and partly cloudy skies.I'm in Virginia and today was warm!
Actually, if you take the time to read the 'Community Guidelines,' you'll find that posting in a language other than English is a violation of the rules. Whether or not Yahoo! will eventually open up additional sites based on different languages I cannot answer. You may want to write in and ask.part of the rulesProbably because this site originated in America by an American company.. I hear tell though that Yahoo is looking into adding other sites in different languages.Who cares  esp FrenchUnless the chinese or indians' standard of living just rose astronomically and they all hooked on line - there are more people out there who speak english (as 1st or 2nd language) than any other. You're gonna get more answers in english!the majority of ppl on here speak english prollyThe French gave up, The wall came down and the Germans Lost.. English is the most widely accepted language in Business and Government thruout the world.
Part of being Christian is to spread the word of Jesus Christ.  I guess they're afraid there's going to be an epidemic of conversions.Mulslims hate Christians because back in bible times when Abraham couldn't have a son with his wife so to have a child he used the servant girl and later his wife unexpectantly had a child. the muslims came for the servent girl and for some reason are mad about it and want to kill off the race of people that came from Abraham's wife.
you have to wait for commercials to finish, then it puts on the real videoThat has happened to me before. i would get something like quicktime.
till the last drop of american blood.... we had NO buisness going there, we destroyed their whole country  now we gotta fix it and rebuild it or die trying... or hang our heads in shame for all time. cheney and his puppet bush are as evil as anyone who has walked the face of the earth... but we [americans] alowed them to take control. that makes it ALL OUR FALTS. we are all to blame.No because its obviouis they don't want helpwho cares bush can shove it in his big hole
State! I'm in the UK! Honestly you Americans, thinking no-one else exists. Anyway it warm and bright over here a perfect spring evening.cloudy and chillyI am not in the USA and it is right around 45 degrees cloudy with very lite rain in the North part of Hollandits about 70 here in PA.burleson, texas. am started at 70-  don't know now.. storms i think are still rumbling in north texas and okla and kansasabout 75 degrees F and warming upVERY GOOD SUNNY AND WARMthe weather here in illinois is beautiful. kind of windy, though. it is 65 degrees right now. woohoo! i love this kind of weather. although, i could do with out so much wind.I am in Midwest Minnesota and we are have unfavorable conditions. Light rain high wind temps in the 30's and flooding.Im in Dublin its raining, dark & cold !!LOOKS LIKE RAIN. DALTON, GA. USAits not good ,cause you looking upset this time.
Emotional abuse in children. I think you mean teasing?. . It can lead to. . - low self esteem. - uncomfortable around certain subjects. - turn them into bullies. - and if it goes on for a long time, they can become suicidal.Hurt people hurt people... I presume you mean CAUSES not CASES..
It is true that the differences which contributed to World War I were not settled at the end of that war and in that sense contributed to the causes of World War II.  However, world wide economic depression caused stress on countries and provided the opportunity for the rise of nationalistic States as efforts to protect themselves.  . . Part of such States is the growing of intrusion of such governments to manufacture enemies which can be portrayed as the cause of the economic problems.  In some countries such as Germany, Italy, and Japan, this gave rise to the creation of military industries which would seem to improve economic conditions, but at the same time segments of their societies were depicted as part of the fault as were other countries.  Trumped up justifications to support the invasions of other countries were made to make these countries satellites of the invading country, such as Belgium invaded by Germany, China invaded by Japan, Ethiopia invaded by Italy.  . . Since no one stopped these invasions confidence in being able to get away with anything grew and other invasions followed.  When Germany invaded Poland, this brought England into the War with Canada and Australia.  When Germany then invaded France and then turned its attention to England and Japan attacked the United States at Pearl Harbor, the United States formally entered the war.  It should be kept in mind that the United States had been supplying England since it entered the War long before Pearl Harbor.. . I suspect that it is difficult for those today to understand how near a thing this war was.  If Germany had wait only three more years, it is likely they would have had an atomic bomb and the rocket delivery system to reach not only England but also the United States.  Three more years may have completed the development in Japan of the long range bomber which could reach the United States and return.  . . This is only a cursory look at a very large subject.  One source you might find interesting is Sir Churchhill’s five volume set on “The Second World War” [1949] in particular the first volume, “Their Finest Hour” which addresses your question.. . The Preface in this first book gives an insight as to how serious this was.. . “During the period covered by this volume I (Churchhill) bore a heavy burden of responsibility.  I was Prime Minister, First Lord of the Treasury, Minister of Defence, and Leader of the House of Commons.  After the first 40 days we (England) were alone, with victorious Germany and Italy engaged in mortal attack upon us, with Soviet Russia a hostile neutral actively aiding Hitler, and Japan an unknowable menace.  However the British War Cabinet, conducting His Majesty’s affairs with vigilance and fidelity, supported by Parliament and sustained by the Governments and peoples of the British Commonwealth and Empire, enabled all tasks to be accomplished and overcome all our foes.”WWII started to develop right after WWI because everyone tried to blame Germany for WWI, hence the start of nationalistic Hitler who began to grow and preach that other nations and the Jews were responsable for the demise of Germany's econonmy.  After WWI Germany had to pay for pretty-much all of the War costs, many Germans did not agree with that. The war slowly built power. Though the United States tried to remain nutral until Japan attacked Peril Harbor.The Germans invaded Poland in 1939 and most European nations joined in on one side or the other.The Americans stayed out --waiting to see who would win--but were forced to fight when Japan attacked Pearl harbour.Well, everything started in WW1 when the slavs (Eastern Europe, I believe) were refused their independence. Then, the assasination of Fransisco Ferdinand by Gavrilo Princip in Sarajevo (the capital of Bosnia and Herzogovina) started the spark which led to an all out war mainly in Europe. Germany eventually lost and was required to pay for the damages etc. They were forced to sign a treaty stating that they will not invade any other land. . . But because the Germans felt that they were oppressed because they were forced to pay HUGE taxes, and were economically abused, they decided to rebel against the superpowers at that time- and become the superpowers themselves. Hence they thought of invading Poland and all the other events follow.
Try www.weatherchannel.com they have a weather toolbar very easy to installgo right to the national weather serviceYou can get weather for any area off of the yahoo homepage.  It will offer current, day, and weekly forecasts.
hold ur breathI always hold my breath for 60 seconds and that always seems to work. Make sure you count to sixty while holding your breathLay on your bed and hang your head upside down off the edge.  It's the only thing that's ever worked for me.Find out u hav AIDS, it scares the crap outa u, believe meDrink water.8 glasses each day if possible.A spoon full of peanut butter works for me or you can breath into a paper bag.drink water upside downMy trick has always been to drink a glass of water by bending forward and drinking from the opposite side of the glass.  Looks silly and can get the floor a little wet, but seems to work.hold your breath, drink some water and jump backwards 8 times.take something sweet such as spoon full of sugar.. it works.eat a spoonfull of sugar. or stand on your head or try holding ur breath for 60 secs or u could also try drinking water straight swallowing 7 times before taking a breather.take a long drink of water, hold your breath for 60 secounds in a row then for ten, have some one scare you, umm anything like thatHold your breath but press it downwards and try to flex your diaphragm. Keep flexing it for about a minute or so until you can't breath. It will take a while but it works for me everytime.put a pice of floded paper under your top lips.    do you no what hiccups areDrink a glass of Pickle Juice (brine).I hold my nose and drink a glass of water.Works all the time for me.You take a full glass of water (8oz.) and put a paper towel over the glass and drink the water through the paper towel and your hiccups will be gone.Drink about 5 glasses of water. or you can also just hold your breath for as long as possible.
That's a good question. A better question would be where do they get their guns from?It's called gun control.  Law abiding citizens can't protect themselves against criminals that have weaponsimmigration!!!!!!!!!!
One definition of "bow" is a "bented, curved, or arched object." Seems like a fitting description of a rainbow.Because if it were an rainarch, there wouldn't be a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.ever see a bow and arrow...the bow is a half circle.  FYI...from the bible, God said that he would put his bow in the sky as a covenant between him and Noah that God would never again destroy all life on earth by a floodb/c it sounds a whole lot prettier. the "k" sound is not that nicethats a stupid question, why would you  watse those 5 points.
Through Syria, Iran and a lot of other Arab countries.  The Afghanistan and Taliban insurgents get funding through drug trafficking.if i knew you think i would tell your arse?  top secret stuff son
It really depends on your major.  I never had to take college algebra.  I was a psychology and communications major and I had to take statistics.Math is a subject you learn to help you think logically. You see concepts working through the "numberplay," so to speak, or through the flow of a solved problem.I don't know, I'm taking it now and it sucks, won't be using any of it later in life, oops, I am later in life and have never needed the info.
Because I think someone realized that a handful of "experts" don't always have the answer. What better way for people with questions of every nature, than to open up a site exposing those questions to millions of people, worldwide, with their vast assortment of education and life experiences. And for free.. I think it's human nature to want to try to help others, or at the very least, to show off how much they know.It's called broadening creativity on search engine (to develop new way in searching things) and on marketing their products (to get more people use Yahoo! and to inform the users about Yahoo! products because Yahoo! Answers is pretty deeply integrated with other Yahoo! products that have been already well-known or with the almost-famous ones). In fact this site has inspired other leading website to develop such a site for their users. Alibaba.com, for example, has built a discussion forum exactly like Yahoo! Answers, with the points system as well, but for certain interest only: business, the reason they exist.To attract traffic to their site - and it seems to be working out nicely.  Check the leaderboard.  There were people with nearly 50,000 points last time I check!!!  (Obsess much?)To get you to ask this question.Because they thought it would help people and maybe vent out frustrations!can you blame them its greatThey did so to help those whose search for an answer was unsuccessful. Also to attract more users.
more or less both are same.. . but the american foreign policy will create more terrorist than ever. so instead of eradicating the terrorism they will produce more of them.I agree, one and the same.  On man's terrorist is another man's President!Americans have bigger and better guns and bombs and dont hide.. . if might makes right then we should rule the world.
the first day light savings time went into effect. Boston Red Sox Played the Brooklyn Dodgers. Ted Post who directed Beneath The Planet Of The Apes was born1918 - Daylight Savings Time goes into effect in the United States for the first time. . . . Most importantly, it was a beauty day :)Daylight savings time.  But why does Europe do it a week earlier than the americans. I set mine last week.The first daylight savings time went into effect nationwide march 31 1918. Nuf said.that one amazing thing.Some one SUPER D DUPER special had a birthday....March 31, 1918 =  Daylight Saving Time was Enacted . . while on. . March 31, 1981 = Pres. Ronald Reagan was shot by Hinckley.The first US daylight savings time goes into effect1918 - Daylight Savings Time goes into effect in the United States for the first time.
first off im democratic but i think its one of Bushs ways of keeping project "HomeLand Security" abroad and having his way at who-knows-what sceme he has afloat such as "terrorist" but then again im only 16 and may see things differently. nothing biased txt bakkbecause theyre stupid idiots. duhWell, as far as I can tell, President Bush has very little support for his "guest-worker" and "amnesty" proposals.. . I was just told that the estimated population of illegal immigrants is around 11 million. That's a huge population of people who have lives, in some cases, kids, and jobs in the USA. The only thing is, they're not paying taxes, some can't get desperately needed health care or legal recourse, etc.. . I imagine the thinking is since they have been here for so long, let's level the playing field and have them do things above-board from now on. This would be a win-win situation ONLY IF other people don't decide that the US is soft on people who are, in essence, breaking the law, by their mere existence on the landscape.. . I strongly believe that President Bush's intent is due to the fact that Texas (where he was once Governor) feels tied to his Mexican-American constituents (many -- though not all -- of whom believe that illegal immigrants should be given a break.). . Just my two cents!Politics. Plain and simple. If we just enforce the current law, we shouldn't have to deal with this.
Violence is a part of human nature. It's the way we were made.  Actually, I believe there is less today than at any other time in human history.  You just hear of more today because of instant world-wide communication.there used to be a time when two countries who had a feud decided history and fate in a battlefield.. Today people are attacked from anywhere from your office to your school , its a very cowardly way of declaring war.. . The reason for the kind of everyday violence is an unsettled war. Love and peace exists only where people can put aside their issues and be compassionate, But life today is so stressful that people don't have the time to stop n care for a stranger. Its easier to fight than forgive.If everybody had self control, understanding, compromising and respecting other people's beliefs, there will be no violence.Yacub's creation knows nothing but violence, history speaks clearly to that.
use the internet to look up the lyrics to english songs you like and then sing along.  This will help you with your pronunciation!!!!try and find someone that will teach you englishyou can always take up tuition... . ^_^Go to night school at your local community college.your dictionary is your best friend. I came here four years ago and that helped me a great deal. A next thing that is extremly good is verbal adbantage- Conversation confidence by Leil Lowndes, it sold in book stores or go to the nearest library and find out where you can get books that teaches you to speak english better.find someone who speak in your language (if he/she is best speak english) let him help ugo to the lib.
to pressure Pakistan to cooperate more with US (in fighting terrorist of course!! :))One of the reasons I have heard is India is an emerging economy that needs energy, so if we can get them to use nuclear power we can alleviate some of their need for oil.Bush said "...But the other thing that our congress has got to understand is that it's in our economic interests that India have a civilian nuclear power industry to help take the pressure off the global demand for energy ".. . To the extent that we can reduce demand for fossil fuels, it will reduce the cost to the American consumer.". . India also accepted a US offer to invest in a coal-based, emissions-free power plant. Mr Bush said it was "in our interest that we share technologies to move away from the era of fossil fuel".. . . However, critics in India say the US is meddling in Indian affairs in order to use the country as a counterweight to China's growing might.they will get something in return, which is classified information.  think about what India has to offer.One could argue that the reasons for signing a nuclear deal with India flow along the same lines as opening our ports up to the UAE.  . . One could also argue treason.. . For a man who says our security is his number one concern, I have to wonder what he's been thinking lately.This seems to be a political strategy to find out as to what the India is actually doing in nuclear field and what it has yet achieved, besides additional benefits to keep Indian's neighbors under control as well as to convey them a threat of apprehension if they oppose to the actions those are supposed to be initiated soon by someone in this region.
Because President Bush said so. He lied. He's a poopy president and now my genheration is going to have to pay for HIS war.this question has been asked way to many times..i cant bear to answer it againBecause the PNAC has been lusting after the opportunity for over a decade.. . They used the excuse of the 9/11 attacks to get the war they always wanted.. . As to why they wanted a war with Iraq, you should go to their own website and see their reasons for themselves. They believe that they can use force to convince the people of the Middle East to embrace Christianity and Western-style Democracy.. . This is the same delusion the West has been laboring under since the first Crusade.Because GeorgeW wanted to get revenge on Saddam for trying to kill his daddy, and yeah, the oil.The United Nations passed a resolution authorizing force if Saddam did not cooperate with the weapons inspectors.  First, Saddam refused to turn over paperwork, then he started having them locked out of labs, then finally he cut them off completely.  Meantime, his planes were violating the U.N. no-fly zone.  The U.S., England, and a few other countries got together to do something about it.cause they attacked usTo many reasons.to steal petroleum, to demostrate who´s the best country, to defend the "human rights", to save the world from terrosism, to steal money with the army, ... . man you should see farenheight 911
Women whose ancestors come from hotter climates have a greater proportion of fat cells concentrated in the backside so that they can store energy without causing them to overheat.  Women from colder climates store fat throughout the body so the fat can also be used for insulation from the cold.Dude! Where are you from? Would you rather have a lady with a nice round butt,or a lady with no butt at all? Most brother's prefer some "back". You look like a brother,but you don't sound like one. (PS) According to the lame questions,you've been asking,you have'nt been around many black people-have you?. You need to be educated by a "Black Man",when it comes to Black Woman. You seem like the type whom prefers Vanilla to Chocolate. Stick to Vanilla!. Chocolate is too rich for your blood!Is it because Black Men have. the biggesr booty fillers?Dawg,. .    Now this is a question that if answered correctly it would and should win a nobel.I am a bootie man by trade. The bootie is a work of art it has caused great men in our history to fall face down to the ground. Its has broken up happy homes across the world. The mighty bootie is mans best friend and our most feared enemy.....how can i love and hate it at the same time? the flesh is so weak.. . lets toast to the almighty booty. . cadillac redSorry to say it, but some white women have big booties too!!  I am one of them!  My ex made the comment once that I am the blackest white girl that he has ever met...because of my *ss!!. . Why is it though, that it's usually the first thing guys notice??from all that banging. the bigger the cushin' the better the pushin'First off, Mandy you are an a**hole first rate. From your answer I would say black women didn't corner that market.. . To answer the question: not all black woman do. I have a comfortable caboose which my man says fits confortably in his hands. Funny, at one time white girls didn't want them and white men didn't find them attractive. Same goes for big lips. Now you are the hottest thing arround if you have a big butt and big lips. Go figure.The same reason black men have enormous rooster.Black women not only have the biggest booties but the best hair, prettiest skin and best bodies!  We may also have the biggest mouths but i'd rather have a big mouth and "noassatallitis"!Probably so when they have a bowel movement it will cushion them against the hard commode.Duh who cares.Go to a porn site this ain't it.not to b rude,,,but some of them have the biggest mouths too.....I think there was an evolutionary arms race back in Africa millions of years ago.  Where men prefered bigger women since they showed they were healthier (since food was probably scarce), but to have sex with them they gained bigger penises.  just my theory.Its in their genes, i guess...I am not black but I do have a black booty! Some of us are just blessed that way.Mandy^^ is true, but not just black woman got it...About the comment Miss.mandy c left, we do not have the biggest mouths we are just quick to let people know how we feel rather than keep our feelings inside. And about the booty - it's gotta be the diet lol.Because its in their jeans (genes) HAHA HAHAH!. . i'm a nerdI think it runs in their genes.. But its a DAMN GOOD THANG.Because they have the biggest feeties.Not really some girls have their asses all loose or wiggly. I have lots of hispanic friends(girls) that have huge thight asses with good legs.
KPIX, the San Francisco Bay Area affiliate of CBS TVChannel six from where I'm from . . Odd that it's called cbs5 huh?
Generally, the terms are used synonymously.. . But I suppose people think of reporters as focusing more on getting out to uncover news and interview people, while journalists are thought of as focusing more on writing.a reporter is the one who works for a tv station. . a journalist works for a newspaperMaybe the reporter 'reports' the story. and the journalist takes the 'journey' to discover the story. ^_^thats a real good question. i don't think there's much differnce at all. same thing.
in the old days newspapers were printed by laying type.  Stories were set and the type was locked in.  When an important story popped up at the last minute, the type had to 'broken' to be re-written.They break the news badly... . . . kiddingBecause they hope someone will bring the glueYou can break any thing .Today's meaning is that it is happening right now.  It is breaking into your normal programming to bring it to you.It means that the story just "broke" or just happened.Serious and correct answer by eddie. He gets the points. I get to make a joke.  "Because it breaks your heart sometimes" ta dah.
Spam, Phishing, whatever you call it, it's a fake.  Delete it, and for goodness sakes, don't click on any of the links, or reply.I also received that and they sent me 2500 instead of 250000O.K, first don't listen to them, and second, damn them to hell. (EDIT: I meant the senders of the message) It's just a bunch of SPAM and right now, you have the possibilty of adware and spyware on your computer. Try Ad-Aware. Now, you shouldn't give your e-mail or name to anyone online, unless they are a completely trusted source. When you go to a website, that if a big company, it just might not be fake, such as when Readers Digest asks you for their e-mail address if you want to be part of their newsletter it might be ok because companies like Microsoft and RD have enough money as it is, that asks you for emails, passwords, names, you name it, look for a Security certificate. you can find them by looking around the edges of your browser and looking for a lock.. . Delete that message right away and switch to a mail client that offers you Spam protection.. . . -crad010That's VERY likely a scam.Oh yeah it's a scam. I get 3 or 4 of those a week.dont open it , its a scam more then likely.IT IS SCAM EMAIL.  YOU SHOULD MAKE A REPORT TO THE FBI (If your in the USA) AND I'VE BEEN TOLD EUROEAN NATIONS ARE EVEN STRICKER OF SUCH FAUD SO REPORT IT APPROPERATLY.. . (Save a copy to give to law enforcement but don't open as it may have a virus.)
A lof of commodities were rationed, like gas.  There were black outs in some major cities.  Many women joined the workforce to help with the war effort and still today remain in the workforce.to us we lost our family business my grandfather home. jsut a bad time for my family.What was really terrible from the women's point of view, was they couldn't get nylon stockings anymore!  Oh, the sacrifices . one makes during times of war.Rationing of food and gas. No new cars for personal use.That depends which sides homefront you're talking about.  America itself has never been bombed in a war, so civillians in our country didn't have to worry to much.  However, life was pretty miserable for European and Japanese civilians.  The war came right to their doorsteps. For example the seige of Stalingrad killed a huge percentage of the Russian population in the city, and the nuclear weapons dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki devastated civilians living in the two cities, as well as their children, who suffered from the effects of radiation.It forced women to go to work because there was not enough men left at home to run the factories. The Rosey the Rivetor term became famous. It was the start of a switch to more women in the work force.Factories were kicked into overdrive.  This caused the economy recover from the Great Depression (according to my history teacher).  Also lots of people had to go away and fight in the war.  Propaganda was used against the Japanese, Germans, and Italians, so that everybody would support the war.
Give her a spanking and put her to bed. Should change things from then on.Try to offer her or introduce another job that would make her more focus and excited. I guess she's bored with her current job or kind of work. So politely ask her if she's still happy with her work.. . That is what I am experiencing now.as long as she is getting her job done then you dont need to be worried about it now do youwell you can change the password and lock her out. sit down and talk to her about it.ok first step.. u stop usin the Computer RITE Now!!! practise what u preech!!Passoword proctect the computer lol.  Unplug it hide the cords and all.  There's alot of things you can do.  My bf put his computer in a different room while his ex wife was out one day and put a lock on the door and locked her out of it.Her job must be pretty boring - working with you?  Who does the work when you get home.  Little wifey I bet!!!yea, your "wife", Look buddy you ain't foolin us, but when you come up with an answer, update us, and let us know. I've been here for like a 3 days!!!If she is bringing home a paycheck who cares.hide the computer and talk to her about ittake the computer away
Out of every taxpayers pocket!You and me and other tax payers. Same goes for any other goverment spending.
because it's impossible to drop the manhole cover down the hole if it is round.. . If it's square, it very easy to drop the cover down the hole by popping it in diagonally. You can't with a circular one.beacuse the end peice of the manhole is one side conical , so when u fix it to circular part in which the down diameter is 120 , and the cover is only 50 cm , then u can adjust the alignment of the cover to the street and paving road , also differnet diameer of manholes and one size coverSo the cover does not fall through it. If the cover were square it could if at an angle fall through. If it is round it cannot fall through.
I'm a teen, so I know, haha. We get tired of our parents because we feel misunderstood by them. We feel like they don't know how we feel, and it gets tiring always having to deal with parents not knowing what it feels like to be a teenager.You could also ask why it seems the parents are getting tired of their teens. lol.  Guess it goes both ways.Teens are emerging adults.  If they are to become productive members of society, they have to begin making independent decisions and being accountable for their actions.. . That's hard to do when a parent tries to protect you.. . Teens are not ready to be on their own, but they are ready to begin to learn how to be adults.because parents cant understand themdue to generation gapi dont nowhavent they always been like that!?!?!?because they dont like to be controlledbecause teens don't get to do much and parents are all ways on them and the can be mean and the teens start to snap back at them so the get in troble then the teens start to say im tired of my parents.and im a teenager my shelf mine get on my nerves.because teens feel embarrased when around family. it's just that age. they also like to do stuff that they know their parents won't let them do so they try to not keep a close relationship.They think they know everything trust me I have oneI think it's because parents want to make sure they'll be all right and bring them closer. On the other hand, teens want freedom, and to be less close to their families.i dont no i love my parents but 1 is in prison & the other is adicted & gone crazy from it but we dont hav n e prolems like gettin tired of eachotherTeens today are impolite, but teenage years have always been tougher due to puberty. It's hard to be around sometimes embarassing parents all the time! Take it from me, a teen! If you have any more questions about it, feel free to email me.Well, I am a teenager an dI believe I know. I think that it is b-cuz parents don't give you enough space when you need it and they are always asking you stupid questions, especially when you need your space.One reason that parents are tired of their teens IS because they can't SPELL even with spell checker. It is "their parents".  . Trust me as a parent and a grandparent.  We are tired of you guys also.  Stand up, be grown up.  Do Your jobs. Behave in a respectable manner, so that when you are 25 you won't say " What was I thinking!!!' Stop putting tattoos on yourselves.  (they are ugly when you get old. Stop punching holes in yourselves.  Many companies will NOT hire people with obscene piercings.  AND YOUNG MEN, WE DO NOT WANT TO SEE YOUR UNDER WARE.  Please wear your pants at your waist.. And young women keep your body REASONABLY  covered, enticement only brings on date rape and pregnancy while you . are a teen.  You are a parent for a lifetime.  So use SERIOUS birth control, to avoid ruining your life at an early age. While you teens may find this ridiculious, someday you will realize how wise these words are.
The word Tsunami comes from the Japanese tsu (harbor) and nami (wave). Appropriate naming, as some 80 percent of all tsunamis occur in the Pacific Ocean and Japan has suffered many, some coming from as far away as South America. Tsunamis are often incorrectly called tidal waves, but tides have nothing to do with them (though the damage may be worse if a tsunami hits at high tide).The term tsunami comes from the Japanese words for harbour (tsu or  ?) and nami (wave or ? or ?). In Japanese, it is both a singular and plural word but in English the plural is tsunamis. The term as created by fisherman who returned to see  the area surrounding the harbour devastated although there had not been a wave noticeable on the ocean.it from japan.bcoz the wave so big it called by poeple there tsunami....(tsu=big  nami=wave)..ok.the government blasting underwater nukes
go to your local library.good luckI would try a library either in a large city or at a college.  They may have it on microfilm.You could look up it on Google if that doesn't work, you could go to a library and ask a librarian. I hope this helped a little.
Natural crimes have an obvious victim - theft, assault, rape, murder, etc. Legal crimes sometimes don't have an obvious victim.What is the different between natural crimes and legal crimes?
Are you from there? Cause that's where I'm from. But for your question, check your local library for the newspaper articles or police reports.Check the local newspaper.....call the libraries in the towns..
YOU WERE BORN ?March 23,1926. Martha Wright Seattle, singer (Let's Dance, Martha Wright Show) was born
Easter is a movable holiday and therefore a lot more difficult to calculate than holidays that have a specific date (like Independence Day in the United States) or that always fall on a specific day of a specific week of a specific month (like Memorial Day in the United States, which always falls on the final Monday in May).. . The formula for Easter is: The first Sunday after the first full moon after the ides of March.  Without programming the lunar phases into a calendar program, you can't know when the first full moon after March 15 is, so that makes it difficult to calculate when Easter will be.because it is a religious time of year for christines and a few others . so to be politically correct it is not on it, because if it was... every religion in the world would be complaining that there religious holidays are not represented!
we celebrate the birthday of or lord Jesus, just like when your family celebrates your birthday.to celebrate the birth of christ our god not for gifts!!!!!!!!!!!!!Originally to celebrate the birth of Christ but due to commercial ventures it seems to be all about the glitz and gifts.To celebrate the birth of the son of God, Jesus. But it seems a lot of people forget that since they get all caught up in buying gifts, instead of focusing on the real reason for Christmas.The reason they celebrate christmas is because...We're celebrating Jesus's birth.celebrating Jesus's birthIt represents when God sent his only son as a gift to us.when Jesus was born the 3 wisemen came bringing gifts and praised our savior jesus.  When he died ont he cross to forgive us of all of our sins it meant that if we believed we had eternal life.  We like to remember this just like we celebrate easter
The first estate is the clergy; the second, nobility; the third, commoners. The use of the "fourth estate" to refer to the press dates back to the first half of the 19th century and is generally attributed to Edmund Burke (quoted by Thomas Carlyle in 1841). Burke referred to the three estates of Parliament and the Reporter's Gallery as the Fourth Estate.In Spanish language,  the media is called the  el cuarto poder, the 4th power, meaning the 4th branch, because it is considered to have as much power as the executive, legistative and judiciary branches of any country.. It makes sense, most of the richest men in Spanish speaking countries are related to Media Business.politician, bussinesman and terriest are other three
thats MATISYAHU...hes freaking BAD AS HELL...hes  jewish rapper who sings like reggae....im lovin g his stlye and cant wait to pick up teh album...check him out dude he rocks!   "whats this feeling....."because it's Conan O'brien.  You must be a morning person!he's doing it coz he's getting paid for it thilly
Because they feel that the economic benefit it provides to the hunters outweighs the ecological impact. They have a point - the hunt only removes about 3-4% of the seal population. I wonder if there would be all this international outrage if seals weren't all cute and cuddly looking.Because there are to many of the critters.Because they just pretend to be Environmentalists!because they're just a bunch of cruel MEANIES!!! :[
first was the accident in the paper? Under "search" type in the state and newspapers. Like (NH newspapers)All news papers from that state will come up. Look at the paper that covers the area were the accident occurred. If it was a few days ago, look under archives or something to the effect of back days. Good luck. Or if you still can't find it you can call the newspapers and ask if they can find the article for you.Sending you a site where you can find all the online papers. If the town itself doesn't show an online link, find the closest larger town or city listed and go there.
You could approach some local businesses to sponser you. You could display their names or logos in exchange for their monetary support. You could also check into doing some fundraiser type things.. sell donuts, stickers, Avon. Get family and friends to help you and increase the number of people you can reach.have you tried standing on shop fronts and asking people for help???
yearbook.comUSSR AND USAA few years ago, when my high school reunion was coming up, I went to the library & since I live in the capitol of Indiana, they had almost every high school in Indiana.  So...I think you may have to go to Texas if you can't get any help from the internet.use your freinds stupid!
Just as today... they were tortured by a horrible dictator.v. badly treated. if u want a better opinion watch schindler's list. its a movie abt that time--really good portrayalThey were being taken into camps where their heads were shaved and they were either put into gas chambers where they got killed, or were just shot to deathSix million died under Hitler.. . Millions more were in concentration camps and somehow survived.. . Those in the US did not do enough to protest the atrocities.What is the question?. . How were they treated?  By whom?. What was their culture like?. How were they saved?. . You need to be more clear in your question.Lets put it this way, my grandfather was a jew living in Germany at the time... He is the only survivor of a family with 12 children.... What do you think?terrified
Call the F.B.I. or the C.I.A. main offices; they could tell you exactly where they are! -peace!u can try going to military.com it might help. if it doesn't, try to conact your local recruter
her funeral home probably has a web site.call them to see if they do or type in funeral name then your mother's name. that's what i did for my loved ones.why would you?
It all started in Crawford Texas when a little crazy monkey named George tried to breast feed the cattle on his ranch. It spread rapidly to the cows that made homo-mogenized milk first , then onto the regular cattle used for the USDA grade beef. Celebrities from the movie Home on the Range are having benefits to raise money for a vaccine to fight this deadly disease.Sir, I believe you have suffered a break in your psyche. You need a vacation or an exorcism.no it's because they are being fed cowWhen you feed a cow with cows , they have a reason to go MAD !!!I don't think they're mad so much as scared. Every few days their buddies are loaded onto trucks never to be seen again. I'd be worried if my friends started disappearing too. One day they will revolt. Fear the Beef. Fear the Beef.Could beOh, frodo, You are so right! It did start by the idiot humans feeding the cattle dead animals in the feed and not allowing them to eat GODS green grass and then crowding them in pens so stinking small and proding them with electric shockers that they went mad and called in reinforcements of the alien robots to teach man a lesson. " It's not nice to fool with Mother Nature". However the noted ranch has taken control of yet another American Icon , The Cow ! They are actually implanting chips in the cattle to control the areas where the cattle are shipped. It can take years for Mad Cow Disease to show up hence giving the culprits time to plan their next move. Heavy Dude!
I thought Crash was every bit as good as Brokeboack Mountain. Yes it broke boundaries, but thats not the main qualification for an oscar. Crash was just as thought-provoking, if not moreso.First off a lesson in western culture.  Sheepherders don't dress like cowpunchers, sheepherders don't drive sheep with horses, the use dogs to help them lead the flock of sheep.  Upto the fifties when on the range sheepherders had a trailer not a tent they stayed in.  Gay sheepherders are actually a step up from what us cowpokes say about them.  Us cowpokes think sheep should be shot because they are a hinderance to the beef herds.  In the old days calling a  someone cowboy was the same as calling them a rustler (a hanging offense). . I don't like movies that promote infidelity. Westerners take their oaths serously, even sheepherders.. . There is nothing in Brokeback that resembles they way things were or are.  . . I haven't seen Crash thought about it but there are other movies I want to see first.  I don't care about what movie is best according to a bunch of self-important people.  I watch movies that I enjoy.  I'm more disgusted with the fact that they called sheepherders-cowboys.  Total disrespect for my cultureThe concept of gay going mainstream, Hollywood is just not ready for with all the politics surrounding it, last thing Hollywood wants is to be placed in the midst of the issue.it crashed because it was about fags. welcome to america.Im not sure if you heard bu soem of teh Oscar cCommittee ahdnt even seen Brokeback.  I thin the movie was so controversial that it truly made some conservatives a lil too uncomfy to go see.  yeah america/ well nto all fo it, but hollywoo dis tolerant but it doesnt mean they accept it.  HArd to vote for a movie you ahvent even seen . . Crash deserved it....it was the best movie I saw all year and im a serious movie watcher!!!
The base cause was an earthquake, the sub cause was a HUGE section of the seafloor was lifted up and dropped back down.. This cause the wave to start, wave kinetics did the rest.. . The water didn't recede because of 'suction', it 'receded' because that was the trough of the wave which is the below the 'normal' level of the water surfce.well, to answer your question, it was an earthquke of the coast of the Phillipines(or somewhere around there!) but to be certain of the location, you can check news websites, such as cnn.com, or msnbc.com, etc. also like the first answerer said, wikipedia.the tsunami was caused by an earthquake, which was caused by tectonic plate movement, which was caused by the flow of magma underneath the earths surface.. . you'd probably be right using any of those answers right there.. . and yes....wikipedia works wonders.Tetonic plates in the earth move in a v shape n there was a sudden vacuum which inturn caused all of the waves quite remarkable really isnt it and more questions e-mail me for more...earthquake. maybe you can look it up on Encarta, under tsunami ofcourse.Kinetickinetic energyEarthquake in the epicenter near the Sumatra Island (Indonesia) had cracked the underwater surface. Thus situation had created a huge distortion and the pressure increased. That's why we saw the sea water decreased before tsunami hit the shore.. . If you think in a form of energy... I would think it's.... Potential ----> KineticSearch on Wikipedia
because they are slow, its a government company. Sometimes it takes time to get from them to the public, and by that time its too late.The thunderstorm the weather service was warning about was developing over your area as the warnnig was issued. This doesn't always happen, but it does in different areas.It is always better late than never.
The first layer of the ozone is the air we breath.. . P.S.:the ozone is made from thick layers of air and CO2...david blaines magic does it
For lying to the grand jury about her knowledge of inside trading. Not for insider tarding but for lying.for fraudNEW YORK (AP) — A federal appeals court Friday upheld the conviction of celebrity homemaker Martha Stewart months after completing her sentence of five months in prison and five months of house arrest.. . Stewart was convicted in 2004 of lying to the government about a stock sale. She served five months in prison in West Virginia before beginning five months of home detention last March at her Westchester County estate, north of New York City.. . Stewart and former stockbroker Peter Bacanovic were convicted of lying about why Stewart dumped nearly 4,000 shares of ImClone Systems Inc. stock in 2001, just before it took a dive on a negative government report about the compaany.she still should be ,she had an insider and sold her  shares of that one  stock ,but everybody had the last laugh on that criminal f*** when the drug was approve and the stock shot up.for lying and giving incorrect information... . u can check out this site for more info about the case and the trial.. hope this helps... :o). http://www.slate.com/id/2093610/for insider trading, basically she knew something by being on the board of directors and acted on it before it was public knowledge, which is illegal.fraud,as far as i know - can't remember specificsLying to federal prosecutors, she had knowledge of insider trading, and lied about it.for doing her sh*tty version of 'the apprentice'for lyingThey couldn't find proof of actual inside trading so because she's a successful woman and many envy her, they decided to put her in jail for lying. Now how many people do you know that tells lies and are in jail?Here's what happen, Martha's daughter boyfriend work for investment company were he received information and gave Martha the inside scoop on how a certain company was doing.  He told her that the company was doing well and to invest in their stock before the price went up, so she went ahead and invested a lot of money.  Martha as well as her daughter's boyfriend bought stock at very low price.  When the boyfriend got word that the company was not doing well (taking a nose dive) he told her to sell it quickly, so she would not lose her money.  Thus both of them sold it at the same time.  Some how this called attention to them (most likely someone was not happy with this and let the authorities know about it.   Her daughter's boyfriend giving poor Martha this information was not a good thing and she lied in court saying she was not aware of any inside information about the company's financial standings.. . Some people say that this type of thing happens all the time and that they just decided to make an example out of Martha, so others would know if they try to get away with this there would be consequences and that is why so many famous people were rallying around here because they felt she was not treated fairly.  I say Boo Hoo Poor Martha, This is what she gets for treating her family so crappy and stepping on people all the way to the top.martha srewart was in prison because she was convicted on several counts of insider trading. insider trading is the use of inside knowledge of a company to make profit illeagally. her sentence was light: 6 months federal prison and 6 months in a half way houseshe did things you havent
Dear Need Info,. You can go to your local court house or city council and find out... They have the info of previous owners, how old, when built, etc. All records are open to the public, but all state and city laws are different, so you can just call your local courthouse and they will direct you in the path you need to take... Good Luck!Look at the AbstractThe best information, including photographs, of my house came from old neighbours.  They were able to give me more information than the title deeds.I'm not sure what you mean if you want history that is not historical. But if you go to your town or city council you can find out about any renovations on your house, previous owners etc.ask the house owner em selfAsk elderly neighbours for any old stories about previous owners?
Could you post a few details about the bill?If you are talking about the voter Identification Bill, I think it's a joke, a waste of time and a waste of the tax payers money. There are no Pro's to it. It also states that "if a person does not have the proper identification, they may still cast a ballot by signing a sworn statement affirming his/her identity". So what is the point of wasting time and money for such a Bill.
Where do you live?! That's weird!Jeez. Where do you live? Maybe you can go to a pet store or something like that and hopefully they can assist you. Or maybe try the internet?! Good luck!use egg shells where you won't to keep lizards away. Thats my grandsma trick :) . as in my country, lizards are like your family members :DBUDDY PLEASE I AM DYING TO KNOW WHERE THE HECK YOU LIVEi sure you can get posion or call animal ccontrolThe lizards won't jump on you, as soon as they see you coming towards them they will run away. Lizards (actually called the Green Anole) are justa part of living in the Southeast (especially in Florida).  They are good for eating ants, mosquito larvae and other small insects.  If you take some time and watch them quietly you can see some really goofy behavior, such as "push ups" and the males showing off their throat flags.I dont know how you get rid of them but.. THEY WILL JUMP ON YOU!!! I know from experience and they will scare you half to death. If you see one coming run in the opposite direction. lizards are dangerous and should be shot!they will cause you to hurt yourself! At all cost stay away from them!Look at the bright side, lizards feed on mosquitoes and flies....what do you prefer?Dude, just move north.  There are no lizards in most of the world.  I miss them.  I wish we had more lizards.OMG why would you want to get rid of them, poor innocent things, where do you live, i live in florida and i talk to them, say hello to them, have one tattooed on the bottom of my foot, yes for real i doThey won't jump on you they are more afraid of you then you are of them. Just call the local animal control, or go online and look for something to rid yourself of lizards.i used to live in san antonio, tx. that's a problem i had too. i just stayed away from them. they tend to stay with themselves. dont think they'll jump on you hon.My husband is working in Gretna Louisiana and I went to visit recently and the little green things were all on the side of the brick home he's renting!! I'm scared of all insect type things! Well his roommate said they are good luck so I guess you can think that. They definately eat other insects too. Also, while in the laundry room at the rental house I saw one inside!!!!!! YIKES! But honestly as soon as I began to scream that little green thing ran so fast- Away from me!! So they do seem skittish so I would just live with them.where do you live that you have lizards everywhere?  the amazon?sometimes lizards are annoying but still it helps us to keep mosquitoes away and i hate mosquitoes!! i would rather have more lizards than to have mosquitoes most specially at noon because of dengue,'u know wat i mean' and i know that there aren't disadvantages in having a lizard at home.they wont jump on you just stay away
Before 9/11, before WMD's, before our inept President there were the "White Papers". Drawn up in the latter part of the 90's by five political "donuts", three most notibly, our esteemed President(gag),his invisible sidekick Dick "sharpshooter"  Cheney and the "master of disaster" the imperial game planner himself Big Donald Rumsfeld. Please, go to the web and look up the information for yourself and you make the judgement as to if this was not well planned even before these idiots came into power. Funny what can happen when you rig the electoral college and have a dirty brother as govenor of Florida and surprisingly win the seat of the "highest office" to make all your dreams come true.I believe that OIL was the reason. Secondly, a great dislike for Saddam Hussein and his horrible accomplishments.. Thirdly, a deep jealousy that many of these upstanding world leaders hadn't done these things themselves. Thus, the various countries felt outright indignant about someone, anyone else doing the "stuff", that they should have been able to get away with. God Bless.Well it could be about Goerge W Trying to Prove that he is more of a man then his Father. I think that its realy about oil and money. Or Greed And Power. Lets not forget That the Goerge Bushes YES bolth of them are oil Men. And Goerge W was an alcoholic coke head.(maybe he still dose cocain we don't know)because bush peed on the iraq guyAmerican Arrogance/IgnoranceAmerica got pimped by the Jews of Israel because they feel threatened by their naughty nations in the area even though Israel has one of the best if not the best militaries in the Middle East to protect them.  . . I blame Israel!!!. . To the person below me you are speaking malarkey since they have not found a connection to terrorism, not to mention WMD’s.  Sadamn was a bad person yes but look how many have died just to catch a few bad guys.  At least 25,000 plus Iraqis and 2300 plus US troops.  Thousands US troops wounded and the number keep climbing.  Yeah Iraq was a real threat…yeah right.OILso Bush could finish what his daddy started and he could get his name in the history books..President Bush is an idiotmmm...War does not have a reasonGood question with no good answer.. . I believe it's because our President can feel good about himself.  He probably believes that if the U.S. can flex our muscles in foreign countries that people will grow to respect us.. . Let's face it, the United States is now viewed as a bully.  The president is trying to impose our beliefs upon the rest of the world because our beliefs are best.  Yeah.  Right.  . . Look at all the money being spent to fund the war when that money could be used to strenghen our own borders (would solve illegal immigration issue) and improve the lives of the American people.. . At least Bush will be out of office soon, of course, that doesn't mean anything will improve.president bush is a stupid southern (no offense to southerns) smart*** big headed idiot that has no complextual reason to be an idiot!give the president something to doOUR MEN OUR THERE FOR YOUR FREEDOM, YOUR CHILDRENS, GRANDCHILDREN, AND TO MAKE SURE WHAT HAPPENED SEPT 11th, WILL NOT EVER HAPPEN AGAIN. BE PROUD AND HONOR OUR MEN AND WOMEN WHO FIGHT FOR OUR COUNTRY.   . .     I'M PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN, AND SUPPORT OUR MILITARY 100%, (MY HUSBAND RETIRED 22 yrs 3m.  But still trains our National Guard and Active Duty G.I'S on Bradley's). BE PROUDpetroleum...Iraq petroleum´s reserves are the seconds in the world, Bush was an executive in a oil company and his father created one : "Zapata Offshore Oil Company" and get rich with that.I´ts a family businessYOU ARE AN IDIOT AND YOU ARE A COMPLETELY IGNORANT on what's going on kdistef_13.  Do you ever watch news on TV and read newspapers??? Before you make a comment try to check how deep your knowledge is on this matter! You just make a comment without even knowing the real reason of the Iraq war...ARE YOU EVEN AWARE OF THE GENOCIDES COMMITTED BY THE DICTATOR SADDAM AND THE OPPRESSIONS THAT SADDAM DID TO HIS PEOPLE??? US JUST WANT THE PEOPLE TO EXPERIENCE FREEDOM AND GRANT THEIR RIGHTS WHICH SADDAM DEPRIVED THEM!  I'M NOT EVEN AN AMERICAN BUT I APPREACIATE US's MOVE!When you find out the answer, please let me know.That's a great question...you should ask George Bush that one.  Good Luck getting an answer.so amaricans dont have to live in terrorThere are many reasons we are in Iraq.First the peace accord from Desert Storm was broken by Iraq,also 17 resolutions from United Nations were ignored.Every intelligent agency,including the Russians said Iraq has WMD and they did,some were buried,some moved to Syria.The liberal media wont admit cause they like making USA look like a idiot,ur fathers and granfathers fought in WW1,WW2 and others to allow u to have the freedoms u have now,just think what would be if we had lost.Would u be speaking Japanese or German with no freedoms?Do u want to live in fear of terrorist?The radical muslims donot care about innocent lives,they think theirs is only religion and all others need to be exterminated.Sounds like Hitler and how many died before the world said was enough and defeated him.Wake up America,look at the consequences of doing nothing,u maynot be here tomorrow as a result.ask a democrat i don't think they have a clue. when asked they look as stupid as they sound!bush eventually wants the oil.I believe Bush's revengeI believe it's partly money, partly putting an end to a long-term conflict.Nuclear Weaponswow your avarter is hot is that youTo fight for OUR FREEDOM, TO ENSURE WE DON'T LIVE IN TERROR, TO PROTECT US AND OURS. TO ANY OF YOU WHO CAN'T SEE THAT, THEN YOU ARE MORE STUPID THAN THOSE WHO DARED ATTACK US. If President Bush just sat back like all the other Presidents before him, where the hell do you think we would be. I'll tell you, A big burnt spot on this big earth of ours, that's where.My EXACT thoughts were what the first person said:: Bush is an verii stupid.I HATE LIBERALS!. . scroll down and read smellyfoot's answer - GREAT ANSWER. Liberals are arrogant, obnoxious, oblivious people who can't assess situations on their own. they listen to celebrities who are ignorant, stupid fools. the same actresses who say we use too much oil and drive "hybrid cars" use more oil than a third world country when they fly across the country in a private jet.. . o, and they don't want to "harm alaska.". . and bush is not an idiot...hes smarter than everybody else in this room. DO NOT SAY SOMETHING UNTIL YOU KNOW ALL THE FACTS. are we briefed by the CIA and Pentagon every day? NO. Does CNN (the communist news network) tell the truth? NO.. . Join the libertarian party - true american beliefs.. http://lp.orgI wish i could tell you but i myself do not know. If you find an answer you can tell me.rg brooks19 has a great answer. This war was started by Bush because he lost face big time after 9/11. He failed to find bin Laden, he failed to avenge all those who died, and he failed to live up to his promises he made standing at ground zero. Bush made the mistake of thinking this would be a quick and painless war, one that would look good on the evening news, and increase his popularity rating. I personally believe Bush should be impeached for starting this war. He lied to Congress, and he lied to us. If you want some good reading, go to www.thelibertyclub.com, scroll down to the "Learn the Truth" icon, and read what they have about 9/11. These are scary times we live in people.the president's duty is to defend our country, if he thought they were an imminent threat, he had every right to go in there and prevent it. Do you think we should passively sit around and wait for something to happend before we react ? I prefer being proactive.....one dumb dictator that wanted to take over all the oil and nuclear threatsOur president, what's his name? is a major giantic FFFFOOOOLLLLmoney and powerWe don't like them because they are brown and have more oil than us.Gaining control over the next 30 years worth of oil before China does.oil. They have it and we want it. Although, we too have oil, we don't want to "scar" our beautiful country to tap into it....so why not go and take theirs? . . The people keeping us from drilling for oil in the US are the same people who are against the war in Iraq (liberals).I think there are a mixture of reasons. Some people believe that since Hussein threatened or belittled the senior Bush, that George W. took it upon himself to take care of his father's enemy.. It could be that there have been real threats from that country, but alas, we'll never know for sure.
NBC stands for Nuclear, Biological, and Chemical.  The term 'NBC Attack' covers any sort of attack featuring one or more of those elements, whether it be a nuclear strike or an attack with biological or chemical agents.It also is NBC falsify a GMC pick-up test, or sending muslims to see if us rednecks are horrible people.yes he is right sonPrepare a Unit for NBC Attack. . 031-503-4002. . Conditions: Given commander's guidance, a radio, pioneer tools (ax, shovel, mattock), chemical alarms, chemical agent detector kits, covering materials (plastic sheets, ponchos, or tarpaulins), and soldiers who have their MOPP gear.. . Standards: Protect material from becoming damaged, contaminated, or inoperable and unit personnel from becoming casualties.. . NOTE: Standards are not degraded if performed in MOPP4; however, because of the amount of physical work that must be done in this task, serious performance degradation may result if soldiers are in MOPP.. . Training and Evaluation. . Performance Steps:. . 1. Supervise unit preparation for a nuclear attack.. . a. Individual protection.. . (1) Ensure personnel are sheltered in well-constructed fighting positions with overhead cover, bunkers, or armored vehicles.. . (2) Ensure personnel cover all exposed skin (roll sleeves down, button collars). A handkerchief or similar cloth may be worn over the nose and mouth to prevent inhalation of contaminated dust.. . b. Position.. . (1) Ensure terrain is used effectively to minimize effects of attack.. . (2) Ensure the type of available shelter selected (covered foxholes, field expedient overhead cover, buildings, tents, and armored vehicles) provides the best protection from weapons effects.. . c. Material.. . (1) Ensure supplies, equipment, and vehicles are dispersed and dug-in as much as possible. Ensure explosives, ammunition, and flammables (fuel and oil) have been dispersed and dug-in; cover them if possible. Ensure small objects are secured to minimize the danger of casualties and damage from flying debris.. . (2) Ensure existing cover provides protection and natural shielding for vehicles, supplies, and equipment from a nuclear explosion. Ensure vans are parked so the air conditioner intakes are opposite the prevailing wind direction. Ensure air conditioners are turned off and the intakes are covered with nonporous materials (plastic sheets or ponchos).. . (3) Ensure all food and water supplies are sealed tightly in containers and secured under available cover.. . (4) Ensure all electronic equipment and radios are turned off if not required for use. Disconnect or remove power cables, antennas, and unused electronic equipment from power mounts. Place communications and electronic equipment inside bunkers or armored vehicles to increase protection against electromagnetic pulse (EMP).. . 2. Supervise unit preparation for a biological attack.. . a. Individual protection.. . (1) Coordinate with medical personnel for needed immunizations.. . (2) Ensure soldiers practice good hygiene and field sanitation procedures.. . (3) Ensure soldiers are in good physical condition (well-rested, well fed, and healthy).. . (4) Ensure soldiers button clothing and cover exposed skin, or wear appropriate MOPP level.. . (5) Ensure soldiers check protective masks and individual equipment for serviceability.. . (6) Coordinate with supply personnel for needed parts and equipment.. . b. Position.. . (1) Ensure terrain is used effectively to minimize effects of attack.. . (2) Ensure the type of available shelter selected (covered foxholes, field expedient overhead cover, buildings, tents, and armored vehicles) provides the best protection from weapons effects.. . c. Material.. . (1) Ensure all food and water supplies are sealed tightly in containers and secured under available cover.. . (2) Ensure equipment and supplies not in use are covered to avoid surface contamination from aerial spray attack.. . (3) Ensure vans are parked so the air conditioner intakes are opposite the prevailing wind direction. Ensure air conditioners are turned off and the intakes are covered with nonporous materials (plastic sheets or ponchos).. . 3. Supervise unit preparation for a chemical attack.. . a. Individual protection.. . (1) Ensure soldiers are in good physical condition (well-rested, well fed, and healthy).. . (2) E
They treat their workers like s*** and make the shoes cheaply, but still charge consumers a boatload of money for their shoes.  And, Nike is overrated.  I see no pros.  To learn more about sweatshops, and big corporations in general, watch The Corporation.  It's very eye-opening.consumers can buy inexpensive products at the expense of other peoples misery and working conditions.  it's almost like legalized slavery.that they make a lot of little kids work hard for litte bit of cents thats jacked up
because....their breath smells so u gotta yawn too.... LOL!...sry im in a very good mood....y is laughing contaigious??...huH???/I don't know but I know you don't have to see the person yawing to yawn yourself. I yawn sometimes if a person does it over the phoneWhy are smiles contagious? Who knows.... . My guess is that it's because when you hear someone yawn, you think that they're tired. Then you realize how tired you are, and you yawn yourself.
Cause people don't appreciate nature anymore.Simple people are simply impressed by simple things which goes to show how simple the world can really be. Water running over a cliff, WOOOOOW.Because Nikola Tesla designed the first hydro-electric power plant in Niagara Falls.  This was the final victory of Tesla's Alternating Current over Edison's Direct Current.
The environmentalists and congress are to blame. The environmentalists won't let us drill offshore, every time the oil companies try they take them to court, they fight every effort to drill in ANWAR. The stupid republicans don't have the guts to stand up for it. Then we can't build new refineries because some treehugger is worried about a tree slug or some other worthless animal. When oil prices were low it was to expensive for oil companies to invest in new equipment, now that oil prices are up they are starting to re-invest, but it will take time.. . Oh one other thing is all these stupid blends in this country that is mandated by the government that really don't do anything. Then forcing the oil companies to waste time on ethanol doesn't help either.. . While some local stations collude on what they are going to charge. (I have been in a gas station when another station has called to ask what they are charging that day).Because the politicians that have their hands in the pot along with the Saudis and OPEC countries know that we are a fuel hungry country that will pay most anything for the easiest means of transportation.. Not to mention that if they were to lower the price per barrel then that would cut deep into their mega million dollar profits stopping them from making a record breaking gross profit at the end of the year.Regulations has tied our hands in the past and our dependency on foreign oil now has bitten our rear end sort of speak, deregulate our ability to produce more here at home and prices will fall below $ 2.oo againBecause they know we have to have it.  That is just like feminine products, they are so expensive because they know that we have to have them.  It is supply and demand.reasons:. 1. Increased demand from China.. 2. Increased demand from India.. 3. War in Iraq has cut production there by 30%.. 4. Strife in Nigeria has cut production there by 25%(?).. 5. Hurricane Katrina knocked out a few refineries.. 6. Threat of action on Iran (sanctions would effect oil production there).. 7. Production in Saudi Arabia has probably peaked.. 8. It's becoming a scarce commodity.BUSHbecause USA is buying oil for Iraq and other places because the US thinks that we are going  to run out. but truth is that all the TREE HUGGERS are not wanting us to plant oil pumps anywere. Well you just got the low down  from a 14 year old :)Because our president owns gas companys.Thats also why we are at war. I think he should be charged with murder for sending troops to war for his personal gain.because of the war in Iraq for the control of oil and because they can get away with it.The price of gas at the pumps has risen so dramatically in the past week because the price of oil per barrel has risen past $72 and some odd number of cents and the gas stations are passing the buck onto its customers, unfortunate but it is economics.Gas has gotten so high because the more gs we as Americans buy, the higher the price will go. None the less, the big , gas guzzeling SUVs only get an average of 15-18 mpg.answer to youre question is this sombody in the white house needs more money
There are times when saying nothing is best. Just be there for her.  Hold her when she cries. Laugh with her when she remembers the good times.  Grieving is a process and she doesn't have to go through it alone.. I had a friend who's wife lost a child at birth. She came to get him at work, and everyone was standing around speechless. I just walked up to her and gave her a hug. When I stepped back, she said "Thank you. You don't know how badly I needed that".There are no magic words to say to console her. Continue to be her friend and always be willing to listen to her. She needs you now more than ever.Nothing but being there for her will help. Stop by once a day and help her with simple things he would do for her like bringing dinner or being with her when going out for groceries. Fixing things that broke. Gathering all her momentoes of their life together and making a book of pictures, designing a shadowbox of trinkets he bought for her, and setting up projects you can do together that will allow her to remember all of the good times they had in the past.
Vacations are so that you can relax and getaway from all of the stresses of your life! Trust me I need my 2 major ones a year or I would probally go nuts! Plus they are something to look forward to and a way to see the world!!so we can reclaim our brainsTo get away from everything and relax. It takes all the stress away.having the vacationDuh....to get away from all of the people we can't stand...that's why I don't understand why people on vacations send post cards that say "Wish you were here!"....gimmee a break, your the reason they left!!!To get away,relax and change of scenery.
yes, you need to contact your service provider.  But if you had an agreement and it is still in effect, there is probably a substantial early termination fee.  For mine, it is $175.Usually this has to be done by contacting your service provider. Most companies charge for early contract cancellation, providing that you are on a contract. For example Roger's Wireless charges $20 per month remaining on your contract - I believe that rate is fairly standard.Welp, just call them up, though if you've signed up for a certain amount of time, you could be charged for it. Check your contract!. . . . . SmileyCat : )
here raining:(Sunny and 66 degrees here in Grand Rapids, MichiganOpen the window and find out...hermitHere today, it's partly cloudy. Severe storms around 6p.m. The temp is 82F with winds at about 15-25mph.i don't know were do u live.
apparently more then 300 case's per a CBS story. stay on your toes!!Pretty bad.
Because the environment has been here for millions of years (if you believe evolutionists), since volcanoes put up more pollutants that we ever have.  The earth is still here, life will always find a way to surviveBecause we have IMPORTANT things to worry about.Unfortunately there is not much media coverage about the problems of the enviroment, stories about melting icebergs and  dying species are reserved for the back page because readers would rather read about Tom Cruise's new kid instead of overpopulation or pollution.  People in general show very little foresight and I doubt that many have any concern about the future of our planet, depsite the fact that for the moment humanity has nowhere else to go.  It has been proven that the US has deliverately suppressed reporting on global warming, which says to me that even our government is more interested in driving their SUVs today than in building a habitable planet for our children tomorrow.because everyone is selfcentered, what they don't relize is that with saving the enviroment we are saving themThe environment is too large of a subject to be the #1 question on someone's mind usually.  Also, there's usually many good and bad answers, but never a perfect answer.
He's on CNN. I only found this out yesterday, too. I had no idea he made a switch.he went to cnn
Check to see if your respective county has a website.  Most counties who have their own website; make divorce records available online.Go to TribStar.comgo to the web sit for the city the divorce was granted and then go the the county records then look for public information you may have to find the justice of the peace office it just depends on the state.get on youre pc and look up probably www.ks.gov and that might work good luck
It is a ritual suicide, done with a knife, and not just stabbing, but cutting flesh, too. Oriental in origin.Seppuku (Japanese: ??, "stomach-cutting" or "belly slicing") is a form of Japanese ritual suicide by disembowelment. Seppuku is also known in English as hara-kiri (???) and is written with the same kanji as seppuku but in reverse order with an okurigana. In Japanese, hara-kiri is considered a colloquial and somewhat vulgar term. The practice of committing seppuku at the death of one's master is known as oibara (?? or ???); the ritual is similar.it means 'suicide' dont know where the term came from tho!hara-kiri.  It's actually a ritualistic Japanese suicide used to avoid disgrace.
Could be that psychics are forbidden to play the lottery?Maybe it's in the fine print.... If I was psychic i would be soooo rich , I would give everyone here on Yahoo Answers a million dollars.Because theer is no such thing as being psychic. TV would like you to believe in stuff like that like in Disney's 'That's so Raven' but the truth is, it is not real.because Psychic are not real..Thats a good question. I never thought of it that wayBecause all the psychics who do wine the Lottery instantly retire and don't want to be bothered no more. They know when they'll have to quit the gene pool and want to make the most of it.cause you dont' use your gift for personal gain....only to do good. your gift is for the people........not financial gain.....they're always so busy helping others they never have time to go to 7/11 and buy a ticketbecause psychics know the main purpose in life isnt about money. We are all destined and if winning isnt in your plan this life ..youre not going to winLOL...yeah you would think that psychics would be the wealthiest people in the world wouldn't ya...not just winning the lottery, but gambling, the stock market all that...hmm makes you wonder if they are for real huh  :-)come on use your head......physics arent real. if you believe in god u will know that only he knows the future and he knows what the future lottery winning ticket is.hahahah now thats a good one!
can I interest you in partial ownership of a big bridge in Brooklin,N.Y.?Pyramid Schemes (AKA Ponzi Schemes).  The largest one ever is called Social Security.be a poser, pose some that your some kinda hot chic or hot guy, and u need cash, and yeah , a lot of people do fall for it. hhahahhahaahahahahahahahahahahahaha
This could be one of the reasons why "nike" makes the "UK's 10 Most Unpopular Brands" list. It is timely that consumers take a long hard look at manufacturers/companies rather than being taken in by their ads/commercials like what you have done. "Well Done!""Just Do It." -says it all, really.. . Boycott Nike?  "Just do it."i am going with they dont care because they know that most people dont care either which i think is sad and scary.
They do this to get bugs from inside the trees. I was watching one the other day, he was pecking at my neighbors chimney vent, it was plastic! I guess they are not all that bright!It is their nature, that is what they do.they search for little bugs or larvas.Just like your mom, they like the wood.because they are woodpeckers thats why they choose tree(wood)They are going after insects or other food sources. Or they are making a home.to make holes i guess ...lolThey make nests inside the treesTo get at the sap and bugs they like to eat.
One cent?  More if it means something to you because it's made out of aluminum (but you may not be able to sell it for more).Aluminum? From the US? US pennies are made of zinc with a copper exterior.$ .01Did you mean to say aluminum?
it's a really good mystery that should not be taken to have any truth to it. But the fact that so many people are traveling to locations mentioned in the book makes me wonder if people are wanting some new religious belief to hang on to.actually i hadn't seen the film but i know the book which says that Jesus and Mary Magdalene married and that their blood line continued to the present day. more information  www.bbc.co.uk
let me ask you people who think the seal hunt is wrong: if your children were starving and the only source of income in your frozen and desolate Gaspe bay house was to go out and kill seal for a living what would you choose you stupid hypocritical idiots. not to mention that the large number of seals in the ocean due to the previous cancellation of the seal hunt was a large factor in the collapse of the east coast fisheries. i don't think that that stupid Paul McCartney or WTF his name is can say anything when his a$$ is sitting in some British manor drinking expensive tea.Nothing as long as you are not the seal.Look at this.Anyone who has a heart and sees the awful way these animals die would be disgusted. If I was present when the hunt took place, I would be the one doing the clubbing. It wouldn't be the seal that was being clubbed though...... And I'm a lifelong pacifist.They kill babies!!!. And you're wrong...they DO still club them!!!Hahahaha!Watch a video of a poor defenceless seal cub being brutally hit on the head with an ice pick and then ask the question again!  I dare you!!I have an idea. Let's play "Club the PETA volunteer."Nothing wrong with Seal hunt...What about Moose,Deer, Rabbit, Partridge, hunts... Makes me so mad to see these people protesting about things they know NOTHING about  I cant put into words how I feel.  Uneducated, illerate protestors. !!!Are you serious? Honestly, go and watch some footage of it!!! If you don't see what's wrong with it after that, then your brain dead.You couldn't be more right.  If cows were as "cute" as seals, things would change.  Or, maybe they wouldn't.  There doesn't seem to be a whole lot of consistency in those who advocate about these things.
There is no difference ! They both are blood thirsty animals.There are a number of differences in the Shi`ah (Shiite) and the Sunni Juristic opinions. However, not all these differences can be termed as the "basic differences" in these two major sects of Islam. The basic difference in the two sects is that of the Shiite faith of the system of "Imamah". The Shiite faith of "Imamah" implies that after the Prophet  (pbuh), there shall be no other prophet, but the only true leader of the Muslims, at any given time, is an "Imam" who, like the prophets of God, is directly appointed by God. The appointment of the first "Imam" was made by God through the last Prophet (pbuh), while every subsequent "Imam" is appointed through the "Imam", who precedes him. Another qualification of the "Imam", according to the Shiite belief is that he shall belong to the family of the last Prophet (pbuh). The Shiite belief holds that the "Imams", like the prophets of God, are "ma`soom" (sinless, innocent) and, therefore, should be obeyed in all matters and under all circumstances. The "Imams", according to the Shiite faith, are thus not just the political leaders of the Muslims but also their religious leaders and clergy. The Sunni school, on the other hand, does not ascribe to any such belief.The difference between the Shiites and the Sunnis is nothing except who they believe the line of succession of the prophet Mohammed should go through. My boyfriend is muslim, and he said other than that, there is absolutely no difference in the way they worship God.It's all politics my friend. There is no real reason why they should hate eachother - it is just one group thinks differently then the other..kinda like why everyone hates the little kid with glasses that seems to have a problem with their hygine.who are you talking aboutONE IS A PUSH START AND ONE IS A PULL START (REFERRING TO TURBINS) WAIT...THATS INDIANS....SORRY WRONG GROUP...
National Budd DayTwo stoners were walking and saw a fly on a pile of crap. One stoner says to the other- Wow he had to go bad.Hitler's birthday.  Happy 117th Dolpie.I dunno...I don't pay attention to the calendar holidays. I look forward to the last day of school. That's the only day I really like.the day santa brings me a fat sackApril 20 (4/20) is associated with 420 (cannabis cultureWell everyone's favorite of course....it's 420 day!A day that will satisfy both hippie liberals and white supremacists/conservatives alike: Pot awareness day as well as Hitler's birthday.Choke Choke Green Brownies DayIts not just that day, its every day!
At three-thirty this morning, I had a craving for a banana pancake, but I didn't have any banana's, so I took my keyboard and went swimming out in the open.  Wow, was it cold...not a very good idea to take a keyboard in the water...perhaps I am cuckoo?  I'll find my mom and ask her...I'm really curious why I'm doing this, but I am doing it none the less:. . "Wow, things were going swimmingly: the thirty bananas her coockoo had given her had been opened, mashed, and baked into a pancake--all that remained was to sit down at here keyboard and relate her experience to yahoo-answers!"Does it have to contain only those words? If not then here's mine:. . The thirty year old cuckoo shouted wow when she ate her banana flavoured pancake when she opened a swimming pool which was planted inside a keyboard."The banana likes to open her coockoo while she's swimming in the morning. Wow, she makes thirty pancake with the keyboard!"...so i was at my underwater computer typing away at my KEYBOARD while avoiding THE OPEN jaws of SWIMMING fish when i got a call.  it was nicole, and she wanted me to feed her. I would have to swim to nicole's and serve her PANCAKES-she's really sick, and HER parents are dead.  THey died while choking on BANANAS  it was finally 9 o clock-THIRTY CUCKOOS WOWED my senses as they told the time.  "I should get rid of 29 of those clocks, i thought to myself".Wow, I was swimming in open keyboard and the coockoo pancake hit her thirty year old banana.He asked for a sentence, not a paragraph.Her banana swimming the pancake with keyboard open cuckoo. Wow, thirty!The keyboard has thirty coockoo.The keyboard eat pancake and banana while her coockoo swimming in the toilet bowl.Wow,the coockoo has open wide!!!i went 2 swim in an open banana with my thirty keyboards. where we had the pleasure of eatin pancakes and we watched a coockoo there who was havin a Snack there wit her Mouses which  was a scene wich i wil call wowwow! the thirty banana and keyboard and pancake and coockoo open her swimming.Wow, her swimming was like a thirty coockoos trying to open a banana pancake box, i typed with the keyboard.i had a keyboard named coockoo he ate a pancake at past six thirty he went swimming but the window was open and her friend ate a bannana and she said wow what a banana.HER KEYBOARD went COOCKOO, flat like a PANCAKE and smelling like BANANAS, but in THIRTY seconds I could OPEN THE SWIMMING mess only to say WOW.No. Do it yourself."Thirty pancakes can be eaten while swimming, said the coockoo while peeling a banana, wow I said, I will have to open up my mail and using my keyboard, I will email a friend and tell them". . HOWS THAT???When I was thirty I had a keyboard shaped like a banana but her coockoo was open and the pancake had to go swimming with the wow.
franz ferd assisssinton. . ?Archbishop Franz Ferdinand's assassination had something to do with it.The main cause of WWI was the system of alliances that had been formed in Europe.  This was set off by the assasination of the Archduke Ferdinand in Sarejevo, which led to the Austian-Hungary Empire declaring war on Serbia.  Because of the alliances many other countries soon joined what was really a regional war originally.  The main effect of WWI was the destruction of Germany and a major depression that eventually allowed Hitler to gain control over a desperate populace and begin WWII.all the info you want about www-1 >> http://www.worldwar1.com/
Weight is the effect of gravity on mass.  Since you don't feel gravity in space, you don't weigh anything, but your mass is the same.  Unless you travel near the speed of light, then your mass increases.  But you need to go really fast.. . KYLE THE MANif you traveled to mars right now, you would probably weigh 3x more or 3x less than what you weigh right now. (just guessing- those arent exact numbers.) the amount of gravity on each planet determines how much you weigh. whereas your mass is your body and everything on your body. if you went in space, your mass would be your body and space suit. if you went to mars, its not like your mass could get any lighter unless you took your helmet off or something, because your mass is you and everything on you, and no matter where you are that wont change. (unless you remove something you are wearing/holding.)It's all to do with Newton's second law...Force(weight)=Mass x Acceleration(due to gravity in this case).. . As you go up into space the acceleration due to gravity (g) reduces. The value for g on the earths surface is 9.81 metres per second squared. Your mass is constant.
Less jobs for unskilled workers.  Higher maintenance costs.  Longer down timesmalfunctionsThey can read your mind.Robots can't use the cars they produce so breaking the virtuous cycle of production and consumption that Ford created by paying his workers enough to buy the products.lack of employment opportunities obviously. . any changes to the item being made will need all the robots re programmed you can't tell them like you could a humanputs people out of work who would have otherwise worked there.robots need a scheduled attention.. . people need to take brakes though.Design and maintenance of robots may be costly.ppl. will get lazy and hav robots do everyyhing and america will get fatter,and ppl.would get pissed off by losing there jobs to nonliving thingsSometimes their circuits become overloaded and they attack their creators and then go out onto the streets and terrorize old people.... and the police are helpless to do ANYTHING because of the laws... AMAZING...it is replacing a humans job.Unemployement, basicallyshort answer:. Industrial robots usually are limited to a few functions and have limited mobility. They can not adaptable to changes in the environment (limited autonomy). . support for the above:. "Today's industrial robots generally require a tremendous amount of programming to make them useful. Their controllers are not very sophisticated. As a result, they require detailed descriptions of the motion of every joint in the mechanism in order to execute a desired movement. When even minor changes are made to the task, the robots must be reprogrammed." . . "present day industrial arms generally are fixed in place, in part because they require an environment that is precisely laid out and predictable. Such precise knowledge of the surroundings is much harder to maintain when the entire robot moves."there are poor people in india who will be out of the sweatshop for months, maybe even years because of robots!they brake downi agree w/ everyone who's answered, except for red_neck and kiowa1The practical applications of optics and lasers within the topic of robotics are countless. A robot no matter how sophisticated still relies on the human to program basic information into its memory. The addition of optics and lasers to robotics allows the robot to respond to situations and take in information for itself. . . One simple application of this is the new technology is the new robots that sweep the floor and posses’ sensor’s to detect where the walls, furniture, etc… are. Other modern applications of this technology include robots using laser welding to join pieces of metal together. They use optics take in information regarding temperature and progress, etc… Improvements in optics and lasers with respect to robots can help every aspect of modern life. . . From manufacturing, to cleaning, to farming and even cooking; improved optics will help make robots more practical and useful. Some fear that improvements in robotics will lead to a Terminator-like scenario, others fear that people will become so lazy and unintelligent that we will eventually waste into nothing. . . The modern effects on society include various military,     (smart bombs, robotic attack planes, satellites) domestic, (improved manufacturing techniques therefore cheaper goods, improved farming techniques therefore cheaper food, and loss of jobs due to the replacement of workers due to robots.) . . Robots increase the efficiency of factories, help doctors perform surgeries, and help people with disabilities function. Recently robots have been used for entertainment purposes aided by better optics and laser aided guidance. . . In Summary, robots and lasers are on the cutting edge of modern physics. They aid everyone in daily life. From a sociological prospective, lasers and optics with regards to robots is still to be determined. Only time will tell the impact on human life and modern society.1) You may not be able to manufacture custom productions.. 2) You depend on electrical power.. 3) It is costly if you are not benefiting from economies of scale. (If there are variances in the amount of your yearly production for example. You can fire people but you can't throw your robots to garbage just because you are producing less.. 4) High maintenance costs.
You can't find the exact years because the start is very sketchy. We (the USA) pulled out for good in 1975. The war started in 1949 with the gay French vs the North. We started in an advisory capacity off and on through the 50's.The Vietnam war began with the French in the 50s (I think). President Kennedy provided South Vietnam with military advisors to their army in 1961 or 1962. After his assassination, President Johnson decided to send troops to fight in 1964. Then it went on until 1975.
You should avoid buying gasoline from Exxon and Mobil and all other gas stations.  With reduced demand gas will become much cheaper for all those who really need it.  Exxon/Mobil is one company and their profits from oil, gas etc. are much lower than the profit margins of many other industries, especially banking (cut up your credit cards too?).  Walking is good for you.  Thanks a lot.Gas (or Petrol) is Gas is Gas is Gas. It doesn't matter which brand you use, it's all the same stuff. All the Gas companies tankers fill up at the same refineries, the nearest one, and put it in their own Gas stations and sell it under their own name.Mobil are french... say no more.... . fill your tank up with BP or Shell... - nice British Companies.... GOD SAVE THE QUEEN!
Because the Government has to get their money somewhere.  That way they can live in their Billion Dollar Mansions, and their 4000 slaves can peel their grapes and make them Pina Coladas...As long as we have Bush for President we will have high gas prices,war, inflation, reccesion, depression, You name it!!Because gas is a commodity that is traded.  Since the demand around the world is high, the traders can keep the price high.  It is part of the world economics.  That is why an alternative fuel system must be produced so we can enjoy our traveling.OK, let's get this straight.  Bush does NOT set the oil prices.  Nor can you point to any special policies he has put into place that are somehow making or allowing the oil companies charge more.. . Also, if there really were all the "recession" or "depression" that some are railing about, the prices would NOT be high.. . Why?  Because it all depends on DEMAND.  And right now, the Chinese and Indian economies are growing rapidly, so their demand for oil is high.   That means the WORLD supply is smaller in proportion to demand than it was before. Whenever that happens in a normal marketplace, prices go up.  If you need to buy oil from other countries (and we do!) you should expect to pay higher prices.. . It is absolutely NOT a matter of "price gouging".  That's a made up charge thrown around by people who want to blame somebody or to try to gain politically from the situation (hmmm...who would be doing that right now?), and who apparently have no understanding of how supply and demand and prices work.. . The solution?  NOT to try to dictate prices to businesses-- price controls have been tried before and have ALWAYS been a disaster (if you lived through the attempt in the 70s, when prices, after inflation is taken into account, were HIGHER than now and we had gas lines... you'll know that's not a way to go).   Add more regulations and set price controls and the companies will decide NOT to do business, which will of course decrease the supply even more.  (It's a simple principle that if you INCREASE the risk and decrease the possible profit companies can make, they are going to be LESS likely to invest and take the risk!  That, by the way, is what happened to our American vaccine producers -- following a bright idea from Hillary Clinton, we decided to keep the prices artificially low AND make the risk high by offering no protection from ruinous lawsuits.  Guess what --companies decided to get of the business!  Duh!). . The solution to high prices is either to find some other way to reduce the demand (and do you have any way in mind to reduce the huge demand from China, for instance?) or to increase the SUPPLY of energy.   . . And let's be honest here.  If you WANT cheap energy (and isn't that what those complaining about their energy bills are asking for?) you have to ALLOW the energy producers to produce it without tying their hands all over the place. Well, we have put much of our coastal areas and much Alaskan oil basically off-limits.  (And do you have a guess about which political party has insisted on that?)  . . Now, if you think that's the responsible thing to do environmentally, that's fine. But then you have to make a decision.  You either have to find other ways to get energy more economically (make it worth energy producers bothering to risk the investment) or accept the higher prices.You have no choice.  Just keep consuming and try not to be a pest complainer. Bush and his Big Oil buddies hate complainers like you.  Too expensive? salary not enough? use your credit card and pay it off later with your yearly bonus.  Did you file your taxes on time?  remember that we need to fuel our F-15's  so you need to pay up.  An F-15 burns something like four tanks of gas of a normal car in one afterburn..... . Funny heh?  But really, you have no choice.  . . Big Oil is way too strong and influential, they have the guys YOU elected, possibly from the top all the way down to your mayor, in their pockets. . . Next to these Titans, we the people are all mostly like cows, things happen to us and we really have no say. We can moo all we want, but we gotta shut up to eat/survive.. ----. Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean "YOU" in a direct way. Please don't take this answer too seriously. I thought it would be understood that I was being a bit of a smart as*, and really didn't expect to get a best answer from you. The REPUBLICAN Dude's ANSWER below on SUPPLY and DEMAND is a MUCH more serious shot at an answer. He could have certainly done much better at being serious by remaining impartial. I wonder if he's a FOX news writer? (They have a knack for being a tad condescending.) Truly, both parties are just much of the same... Democrats/Republicans , what can u say when u got people like Hillary Clinton and Tom Delay... . Republicans are just as bad as Democrats and vice-versa.. . I'll tell you this: Had Bush and his posse refrained from their modern day Manifest Destiny. We would be much more stable at home and the Oil markets would probably not be as volatile as they are now, even with the increased world demand. . . Try to find ways such as car pooling or telecommuting to reduce your own demand, even if it is only 5 to 10 %. If everyone did it and put in their 2 cents worth, not only would this have a positive effect on prices and our wallets, but the environment will benefit as well. . . Cheers!  have a nice day! :-)Still the cheapest in the world...USA
Doesn't it mean like take the side of the devil and be with evil?  Maybe sell your soul to him as well?Kiss of the devil is the kiss of death.It means taking the side of evil for pleasure, or tempting death.There is also a kiss of the devil, used for some majical ritual. You take a cat, invert it, and kiss that little chocolate starfish.IT MEANS TO DO WHAT NOT RIGHT. YOU HEAR THE DEVIL NOT GODEXACTLY Kissing me ...
Simple.  Currently, it is almost impossible to fire anyone in France.  If you were running a business, and you knew that you couldn't fire your employees, no matter how horrible they were, no matter how lazy they were, no matter how much damage they did to your business and your reputation, you HAVE TO KEEP THEM, you wouldn't want to hire anybody, either.I don't know, it doesn't make since to me either, lets just hope the french interior minister will realize the the citizens do not agree with the bill or how it was voted on, and retracts it.The law sucks.. but the current situation is just as bad. It amazes me that they could not come up with something better. Why they stuck an age limit on it, escapes me.
It's not that seriousbad enough that I (with brown skin and brown/black eyes) burn in 2 hours. (it was 16-18 hours)bad ,dude we should look for a cave so high in the mountains.These people who are saying global warming are the same ones, who in the 1960's and 1970's were predicting an ice age.It’s a very serious issue, have you ever watched “The Day After Tomorrow”. Well it I doubt that exactly that can happen, but hey you can never second-guess Mother Nature?
Just by reading this question, you have a long way to go before you are mature. Sorry. He's gone.Tell him you have changed.....and see what happens, but don't force the issue, if he sees u chasing him then he will go the other way;  guys are like that....don't know why.  Be cool.true. u gotta let that man know you want him back show him you want and deserve a second chance. if yall talkin again thats a good sign for real..talk to him and tell him that you did wrong in the way you act it and say things datz cause from your heart and hopefully he really loves you understand you. good luck.Admit you're wrong and hope he's an adult and loves you.just tell him.
It's a RIP OFF. They take 7 cents (and even 9 in some places) on every dollar. They give you a receipt and you take it to the provider of the machine, like the clerk at the grocery store, or the bank right beside it. It's MUCH cheaper to ask your bank teller for some coin rollers (they're free) and roll your own for deposit.coin star charges you to change your cash
if u gave internet explorer then go to view text size then change it to smallest small medium large and largest. for me largest is the best. hope this helps.Go back to the letter and hit Edit or Modify.
I think they are just falling off now.Because he is insecure, he got money and he can. The same reason he got away with never never never neverland.just like when a skinny girl looks in the mirror and sees a fat girl...it seems the way he bleaches his skin and keeps cutting down his nose he doesn't want to see a black man when he looks in  the mirror, even though the skinny girl is truly bone poor she doesnt see it and even though micheal jackson's nose is barely there, he still see's a big nose...so its just all in his head.because he wants to i guessHe is getting plastic surgery for the same reasons anyone does because he doesn't like the way he looks!
It makes no difference to me.  It's just another office building.that place is a gravesite for the people that died in the attacks. would you like there to be an office building built over your dead relatives?Perhaps it all comes down to the fact that when you lose something so tragically, and suddenly it is difficult to replace it with the same thing. To many, that would cheapen the loss, like just dumping another 99 cent gold fish in the bowl when the last has died. . . Building something new gives a sense of re-building, not replacing. Nothing can replace what was lost that day. But perhaps we can re-build our lives, offices, and society. . . just my humble opinion.I'm not a fan of the freedom tower...but I dont think anyone would want to see the twin towers again.  It just wouldn't look right.because they want to keep it ground zeroIn my opinion, putting another tall building on that site is asking for trouble.  Not only will it cost a great deal of money to build, but they might as well paint a big bulls-eye on it for the next set of terrorists.  If anything is built on the site it should be more of a memorial to those who died.I had to be rude. But, what is done is done and past is past. Stop living in it. Just move on and get over it. We can't change what happened. I think they should just get over it.$$ !they have u need to look it upbecause in incident that took place that day was something that should be remembered for all time. if they just build another twin towers then all will happen is the momory will be lost to history except with what is writen in history books.I completly agree with you.
They are the one-stop source for the 50% of registered voters who are Republican.  FOX News knows that they have a lot of political pull, so they work it to their (and their parties) advantage.. . I don't like the views that FOX News tries to pass as "Fair & Balanced", but I have to admit htat they do a good job on Breaking News & live coverage stories.It's the only News I watch in OhioBecause they're FAIR and BALANCED.....fur sure!!!!!. . Being the lap dogs of this administration helps with the portion of the population that want their trust/support for the jerks propped up no matter how outrageous they really are!Because they try to be fair.  Not like the other left wing media whores....Opinions vary. I don't like Fox but then again some folks don't like CNN or MSNBC. They are all pretty much the same. The are a business and they only do what is in there best interest and really do not care about you or I unless they can use us to make a buck. How many times has Fox called your house to ask you your opinion or to see how you and your family were doing? I bet they never will unless you are doing something that will make them money. It is a business plain and simple.They meet your ideas of what is good news coverage.  Unlike the networks they limit their political spins and let you decide issues.  Naturally they do have some political views which are expressed but at least they admit it. CBS has been anti everything except Clinton's.
hmmm....Make it special. Make it so that you won't ever forget that one birthday. Do something you've always wanted to do, but never got around to doing it. Enjoy the company of your family/friends!you can take a vication for one day i think it's enough.well u can go so were with your friends or boyfriend
Pretty important.The Pandas couldn't survive without it. A lot of Chinese would eat and sleep on the floor without it.I'm sure they use it for pipes of all kinds.(water,smoking,and straws)Important to the variety of wildlife there.Bamboo, since ancient times, was prevalent throughout Asia.  And it's actually many many species of bamboo that are commonly used.  Some varieties were first used to make paper, or the splints were twined together and carved to make tablets  of writing (similar to stone / clay tablets of Babylonian, Egyptian, and Greek cultures).  Other varieties could be made into pulp fibers which, together with wood pulp, formed coarse papers.  It is also found in a lot of utensils, from brushes and pens to brooms, woven baskets to rafts and boats.. . Bamboo fibers were also employed widely in the making of rope in China, a practice that continues today.  Bamboo rope is very structurally strong and tough, you can still find bridges in China with bamboo rope for suspension cables.. . Bamboo is also found a lot in the arts.  From bamboo carvings to musical instruments (zithers and xylophones had bamboo parts, many types of flutes, sheng (traditional mouth organ), and reeded wind instruments).  This practice is also seen in Japanese, Korean, and Southeastern culture.  In fact, many reeds (like saxophone, oboe reeds) use bamboo today.  Bamboo was also often used in furniture as a lightweight wood or as veneer.. . Bamboo is not just the central part of the Panda's diet, it is also commonly found in the Chinese cuisine as well.  It has good amounts of dietary fiber, is a very light and crunchy vegetable when harvested young (as bamboo shoots).  Bamboo is also employed as tiers for steaming foods, or as vessels for cooking themselves (like stuffing rice and water inside bamboo and then roasting that over a fire).. . I'm pretty sure there's other uses for bamboo I haven't listed.  Bamboo is a very sustainable resource, it grows very fast and is as versatile as wood, so it's little wonder that it has a special place in Chinese and East Asian history.
Overhead cam (OHC) piston engines place the camshaft above the cylinder heads and drive the valves or lifters directly instead of using pushrods. This arrangement is more complex, and relies on a timing belt or chain, but allows for greater valvetrain flexibility. Currently, engines have used single overhead camshafts (SOHC) or dual overhead camshafts (DOHC), which refers to the number of camshafts per cylinder bank.Order of the Holy Cross
Because the other competitors were better? It's just a game.they are a proud people..they dont wish to glorify it by winning gold medals..because they're smart enough not to run after some stupid medals but jobs American companies are outsourcing to India instead.  Got it?I didn't know that many Indians could be in the Olympics.It is our bureaucracy that is doing this problem. It is the politicians who decide who should go. Then again, we do not have enough financial power and proper training. There are many good sportsmen whose talents go unnoticed. If we want medals, then we should help in bringing out the talents of sportsmen we know.out of the 1000 millions more than half are poor... they cant run so fast...and we have other thing to bother...We Indians are not taking it seriously... We have so many problems to resolve other than sports... . And politics and sports should not go hand by hand... . And its difficult to choose the best from 100 crore people... . We are playing sport as a SPORT... We are not taking it as a career...They lack the money to facilitate and bring in/create world class athletes, and besides, it may not even be something they are interested in. Why can't the "greatest" nations in the world such as China or the US always win the most medals? Don't be so shallow.It’s not a question of population but interest and money. For example, the USA wins almost a lot of gold medals, although her poulation is relatively little. China also wins a lots of gold medal, and her population is huge. My country (Hungary) wins relatively a lot gold medals as well, although we are only 10 million.
1500 if its really the quarter everyone is looiing forThe U.S. mint, usually has a list of errors incurred during minting, perhaps you'd like to go to their official web sit HTTP:us.mint.govI was watching the news one day and saw something about this. I think one of those quarters sold on ebay for about 2400.
Well, it's almost three in the morning and it's still alittle warm.  There is a cool breeze though.  Iraq is still a hell hole even though the nights are beautiful.It's raining, and it's supposed to turn to snow later today.NYC sunny and 65 degrees. Weather has been warm and pleasant so far this year.Today in Massachusetts is BEAUTIFUL!  Sunny and not too warm, but not too cold!  I Love it!the weather is nice, thanks for asking.A smidgen chilly and cloudy. Thank you very much for asking. And how is your weather?It feels like coolish summer here in Montana & im next to da canadian border. I LLLLLUUUUVVVVVV it!! I wish it waz like dis every day!Low 70's nice breeze, makes you want to just lay in the hammock close you eye's and listen to the bird's and smell the fresh blooming flower's.
A tsunami can be generated by any disturbance that rapidly moves a large mass of water, such as an earthquake, volcanic eruption, landslide or meteorite impact. However, the most common cause is an undersea earthquake. An earthquake which is too small to create a tsunami by itself may trigger an undersea landslide quite capable of generating a tsunami.It is a natural occurence due to underwater earthquake that cause a major shift in the water.  This shift cause a tidal wave that is span accross a body of water and subject the land to a huge wave.Earthquakes.The phenomenon we call tsunami is a series of large waves of extremely long wavelength and period usually generated by a violent, impulsive undersea disturbance or activity near the coast or in the ocean.  When a sudden displacement of a large volume of water occurs, or if the sea floor is suddenly raised or dropped by an earthquake, big tsunami waves can be formed by forces of gravity.. By far, the most destructive tsunamis are generated from large, shallow earthquakes with an epicenter or fault line near or on the ocean floor.  These usually occur in regions of the earth characterized by tectonic subduction along tectonic plate boundariesA Sneez of NeptuneTill yesterday it was BENAMI (unknown)
Historically, teenagers go through a rebellious stage.  While some don't, a lot actually do, whether it be arguing and being grumpy with their folks or worse...I mean, I know I did, arguing with my mum and dad, ignoring what they told me, etc...statistic proven them right. that's why you pay higher car insurance. you like to drink. party and have premartial sex. so the reputation is justly deserved. this is nto ot say there are not good teens. there are. but there are far more screwed up ones that good onesI don't feel that way, all 4 of my children where 13 - 19 at the same time, Sometimes things got a little hay wired, but mostly it was fun watching them grow up and having a good time, plus they all where my best friends too. Sounds silly to others, but they helped raise me to be a better person and moma.I don't think that all teenagers are bad. You are right- it IS the bad ones that make the news. You rarely hear about the teenagers doing something good. Why don't you tell us what really good thing you've done lately?i HATE it when ppl say we are all bad ur right the STUPID ppl b4 us<not all of them> have ruined it for us the ppl b4 us had to do stupid things< once again not all of them> but some of them have ruined it for all of us!!!! it is not fair!of course they think where bad look at some of the stuff teenagers have done its all horrible. oh wait whats this adults have done the same and worse. point made.cuz they learning bout bad things and still immature so combined=stupid stuntsunfortunately, one bad apple spoils the bunch.  and youre stuck with the reputation.  I work with a lot of great teenagers.  But great teenagers don't make interesting news stories.I don't think all of them are bad.  I have 2 good ones of my own.I think it's with every generation. I don't think there are so many bad teenagers, I just think they don't always make wise choices, but that's everyone, not just teenagers. I have 2 boys that just turned 17 & 18 and they're decent kids they just don't think right all the time. If it bothers you why not say something the next time you hear someone say something like that, confront them nicely, and maybe they'll have a change of heart.It's always been that way. Some teenagers get in trouble, but it impacts on us all. I've gotten a lot of dirty looks, just walking through a store. I've had a friend who couldn't get gas at a gas station because the women running it didn't trust him to pay for the gas lol. I have though seen a lot of teenagers acting like idiots in malls and on the streets though, so it's better to be safe than sorry I guess...but I know it's still unfair for EVERYONE to be judged the same because of some little jackasses.It is pretty simple.  Generally people ony pay attention to the bad and gorry that is put on the news.  Sooo, the media helps by only printing the bad.  We don't hear about the teenagers who volunteer for hours each week, or get straight A's, or the ones that just do as they're told and obey their parents.  It does not sell add space.  I have lots of teenagers in my world and they are all great.  Here is my suggestions, if you are a great or just well behaved teenager, just toot your own horn.  Let the world know what I already know, that there are many great teenagers in the world.They tend to generalize one bad thing on everything. . . Somes are extremely annoying, specially the ones who wouldn't even take off their annoyingly big backpack off their back in the bus. Stupidly annoying. The ones who do might be exceptions.I think you are a very well spoken teen-ager and i completely agree with you to the fullest extent. I believe that teen-agers are getting the raw end of life and something needs to be done with this. Luckily, when you grow up, people won't think of you as a drug addict or a crime committer.I would geuss, being a fellow teenager, is that it really is only the bad ones who make the news.  I would also venture to geuss that the good ones have some flaw, and since most other teenagers are bad, the flaws are emphasized, and the teenager's good parts aren't being brought to attention.I have three great teenagers that behave badly but are good kids  Got to love emteens are good you have to think you were there once yourselfstereotypingI like teenagers. I think they're funny and cute; fun to watch. But, you're right, only the bad ones make the news. And, they can be a trial at times, as they try to assert their independence and as their hormones surge. Nothing worse than a pack of teenagers with cell-phones on the train! But adults should remember: We were all teenagers once!!No, that is a sterotype, I hate to hear that myself. When I was a teenager, adults didn't like me just because of that. It saddens me that people still believe that.because people remember the bad things they did as teenagers and assume that all teens will do bad things.You answered it yourself. The bad ones are the only ones that make the news. This makes it seem that all teenagers are bad. I say:. I am bad.Because WE used to be teenagers !!!!    duhIts the most common stereotype unfortunately. Change it.Not all people think all teenagers are bad. Thats also stereotyping. There are good and bad of everyone whether it be teens or adults. If you think everyone thinks you or other teens are bad I'm sure they  will meet someone who thinks just the opposite. Don't believe everything you hear. That maybe an old saying but it's a true one.It's a stereotype.  All you can do is try to prove it wrong.When people see the news that is going on today with kids doing things that fall below standards they get the impression that all kids are like that. Don't like it get you upset just prove people wrong do better then they expect you toI don't think all people think teenagers are bad. I certainly don't. I know lots of teenagers that are great!  Teenagers are going through a tough time, and they tend to be rebellious. But that is a part of growing into an adult.because  every generation rebels to try to be differant from the ones before, some times its good, for it opens up new ideas, and ways of doing things, and some times its a step into a way of life thats unmanageable, like revereing pimps and hos or wanting to emulate people with no moral compass ,like certain leaders that steal in office and get caught, im afraid that a lot of people paint themselves into the corner and  lose their options in life by blindly following  bad role models,,  an olde dude
Take a picture cause your friends and family probably won't believe you...duh!. What a strange question...must me that kind of day, huh?!?!tomorrow will be the last day i answer all these question in yahoo answerthink of u !mmm, i think i call the policeI think the person is donkey. No question of Zebra screwing the monkeys,because monkeys are the cleverest animals than zebras. Monkeys are considered as man something around 1400 years ago.videotape it and sell it on ebay...someone will buy it.Go and get your camcorder and tape it then send it to america's funniest home video or the discovery channel and get paid for your brilliant discovery.R u sure it's not a penguin in a horse costume?how did the zebra get into your backyard?Hope my alarm clock goes off soon.
A Norwegian fisherman fell overboard, and was attacked by a shark. He began screaming and screaming. The shark just rolled it's beady little eyes and said "Oh, bite me.". Not wanting to piss this ocean giant off any further, the fisherman did as he was told, sunk his teeth deep into the sharks fin and became all disappointed that he wasn't Asian, because he might have had some soy sauce in his pocket which would have improved his dining experience exponetially.How did people find out not to touch fire? Trial and error.There was a dead shark wash to shore on an abandoned island where no much food was avaialble. They ate every part of it.What I want to know is, what did people lick before they found out you can get high licking frogs?More to the point, how many died before they realised that the rest of the shark was not edible!
creative - working with what you already have (like improvising). . innovative - creating something new that doesn't exist yetCreative- . . Having the ability or power to create. . Innvoative-. . Being or producing something like nothing done or experienced or created before
thats the way people are every judges someone one point in time every one dont worry about it thoughto make themselves feel better.This is a dumb question.  I judge you.  Now i feel better about myself.
yes THAT would be crazyBlame the education system...and the government for not paying teachers what they should be getting. Pay peanuts, you get monkeys. Teach adequately and more than just local history, politics etc. and you become better educated, and have more of an interest in other things.
I don't know where you live, but it's 2AM where I live.  Normally, I would not be awake at this time.  Perhaps you live in a time zone where few people are awake when you write?Because all you can do is ask, you definitely have control issues if you think people will answer your questions when you want them too.Maybe nobody knows the answers to your questions, or haven't saw themYour questions are obscure and hard to understand. If you want better answers, write your questions clearly.patience is a virtue.guess nobody is interested in your questions
MAYDAY -- M’aider is the infinitive form of the reflexive verb "help me" within French syntax. However it isn’t used as a stand-alone imperative command. This has led some etymologists to claim that what the convention really meant was an abbreviation of the phrase, "Venez m’aider" ("Come help me"). "M'aidez" (which is not gramatically correct either) is considered an acceptable alternative. In both cases, however, mayday must be considered as a rather crude English phonetic representation. It should be also noted that while in English the phrase is only used in distress situation, in French it carries no more sense of urgency than its English translation "help me". What French people in distress actually shout is, "Au secours!".. . Mayday is an emergency code word used internationally as a distress signal in voice procedure communications, derived from the French m'aider. It is used to signal a life-threatening emergency by many groups, such as police forces, pilots, the fire brigade, and transportation organizations. The call given three times (mayday, mayday, mayday...) in a row indicates significant danger (for example, a threat to life).Mayday is an emergency code word used internationally as a distress signal in voice procedure communications, derived from the French m'aider. It is used to signal a life-threatening emergency by many groups, such as police forces, pilots, the fire brigade, and transportation organizations. The call given three times (mayday, mayday, mayday...) in a row indicates significant danger (for example, a threat to life).There was an emergency one day in May a long time ago. People just got used to saying that when they were in trouble.Its' derived from the French m'aider.. . M’aider is the infinitive form of the reflexive verb "help me" within French syntax.Its also synonymous with "We Surrender" in the French language.
Yes that is a very good question.I feel when we read the news in present tense it becomes more exciting and make us feel the real situation and after reading it we imagine the situation ,for few seconds ,as if it is happening before our eyes.Rest are in past - which brings back our  mind back to reality ,that it has occured on a particular date and not before our eyes.. . But all the news are not so..exception remains.The titles of news stories are not always in present tense. They often are when the news story describes an ongoing issue or situation. Of course the article is written in past tense because the theme is that of a "report" of previously observed events. . . Again, your question is misleading - news headlines are not always in present tense.
Planning in advance??? or maybe getting the job done ahead of time????I believe it means they didn't do anything. tomorrow suggest procrastination. yesterday suggest it is done. so by procrastinating they didn't do anythingThey quit be 4 they started!!!It means they are LAZY, & have nothing to do, right now!. Usually the answer to: "Why aren't you working?"Today is their day off????Well think about it if they said they will start it tom. and finish it yest. that means they are working on it currently and will be finished by the end of the day.
It's really nice answering questions in Yahoo Answers because I can share what I know, how I feel, or what my opinions are in a certain topic. Not only that, but you can also learn what others think about the subject of conversation...its mildly entertaining and i have nothing better to do.Because the sky is green.To help someone who is going through what I went through. I also get to ask people to assist me when I need answers.to get pointsBoredom (I’m at my workplace, so what else should  do?!). Vanity (show people how clever I am). Good intentions (help people). Competitive spirit (gain points)To help someone if i have had the same life experiences.....I like to answer questions.ITS'fun and silly at times,but sometimes someone will need help and i like to help out when ever i can.It makes me feel good about myself and end return,i can help someone... .     ClowmyTo alieve boredom and to do something with all this goofy knowledge that my brain stores.  Plus, it is nice to help someone - good deeds bring good deeds, ya know?my consent
first it comes from crude oil then it is dumped into a tank and it is heated up and from that kerosine, disel, propane, and gas come. there are a few other things to. then it is filtered and sent to the gas station. then right into your car.its not MADE but it was found underground thousands years ago. and its going to be over soon in like 30 yrs or maybe more.They heat crude oil to a really high temperature, then siphon off the differemt stuuf
I think we are being price gauged again - how can gas all of a sudden rise so dramaticallyIt's crazy...Can we go back to 1.34 cents plz....Gas prices when factored against inflation have remained fairly constant. In 1979 gas broke a dollar. In about 2004 gas broke two dollars. so in 25 years it has doubled. So has food and most consumer products. Lets look at average care prices, same thing.listening guys - oil supply hasn't changed - still the 28 million barrels per day - someone is just making tons of money - its like the market - prices are based on confidence - as long as you are marketing fear - it'll keep going upits becuase of the problems with the nuclear threats against iran scaring everyone. and all of nigeria's oil shutting down.I love how everyone loves to blame Bush if they dont know the answer.SO GEORGE BUSH CAN GET RICH QUICK BECAUSE HIM AND HIS DAD HAVE HELLA INVESTED IN STOCKso u dont wanna buy it and u go to other fuel sourcesFor more profit. . . Any other "reason" is really an excuse. There is also the little matter of price fixing - illegal in everything but oil.. . It is also politically popular to beat up on "Big Oil" and people who drive SUVs so it does not take much of an excuse these days. Many people now cheer when the price goes up even though Big Oil (whomever they may be) directly benefits and everyone else loses.gouging .big company .George w bush.etc.it not dam right something need to be done about this big business thing bush have going.Because in America, corporations are allow to gouge the consumer to no end.. . The government punishes them by giving Big Oil more tax breaks.. . Plus Bush and Cheney are Big Oil men.. . . tiff_wright75 said:. .  Because tree-huggers won't let us drill in Alaska. . Idiot, they are DRILLING LIKE CRAZY IN ALASKA... what are you 12????Because the people in charge (including Bush) are making billions of dollars out of our dependency for oil here in the U.S.  In general The U.S. does not have a system of mass transportation like Europe because its not profitable for those few in power.i dont know i guess because of the war and thingsBecause of stupid Bush. And because fossil fuels are decreasing.Because tree-huggers won't let us drill in Alaska.. . Note & Modification ~ Maybe I should have been more specific for Gregor's sake.  We are not allowed to use Alaskan oil to it's full potential because of the danger it would pose to some elk's habitat.  Sorry, should have known someone out there wouldn't be able to keep up with where I was going!they aren't high. gas is a scarce resource. it should be expensive. in europe it has been pricey for ages. it's about time gas prices started going up in this country. maybe we'll stop seeing so many of those ugly hummers on the road.Gas prices are high so that the rich can get richer.
Well if you just want to rant, buddy, that's cool, it sounds like you think you already know the answerYour question looks like rubbish but the answer is yes, they would charge us for air if they could. If the air company paid lots of money would you work for them?
Just send me $499.99 and I will send you everything you need to know, AND ALL ON JUST 2 COMPACT DISC!  If you act NOW, I will throw in a handy dandy calculator to total your earnings, DON'T delay, this is a one time offer and CAN NOT be found in stores.. . For RUSH DELIVERY just add $49.99 and I will over night it to you.. . Happy Money Making!The easiest would be to sell drugs.  No education required and you get to set your own hours.  However, the risk of getting murdered, jailed, or over-dosing while sampling your product before you reach $620,000 is extremely probable.. . Theft would be the next easiest, but incorporates the same risks as above.. . good luckGet a good Job:-)$620,690...is that all...easy...first....hold on the phone is ringingdo 620690/20 lapdances or 620690/300 champagne roomsthat's veeeeeeery easy, buddy :o))). It's enough to have just $1 more than this.. U just have to spend it and here you go :o)) having exactly $620,690 . :o))))). I'm surprised noone thought of this variant :o))
go to google and search lyricsyou can google it. that song is Taking Hits, by Young Buck.As the guy above said, do a lyrics search on Google.  Put in some of the lyrics you know (even if it's just a phrase or a few words) and also the name of the band if you know it and the word "lyrics" (no quotation marks when you put it in the search).If you put the lyrics in quotes and do a search- it will come up. You're lyrics weren't accurate- but the trail lead me to Young Buck. Hope it's right.Its called "Taking Hits" by Young Buck, I believe. Google the title/artist to find the lyrics.Try and find out the name of the song by listening to the lyrics.....If you know the singer or band you may be able to! Other than that, you may want to call a radio station and ask!. . -LorahGoogle it with a few lines with quotation marks, like this:. "and she's buying a stairway". Get it?Those are Young Buck song lyrics. . The song is "Taking Hits" from the album "Straight out of Cashville" and you can find the lyrics at. .  http://www.song-teksten.com/song_lyrics/young_buck/straight_outta_cashville/taking_hits_featuring_d_tay/
Probably the same reason we use odd names to log in to this and chat rooms. What do you think sillybum?. . he heDid you mean: Why is it that when you have a sensibly worded question... You need to watch that grammar.. . Answers is partly fun, partly serious. Us morons like to post stupid answers, don't take offence, there are also some adults on the site.Because even if someone gives you a dumb answer ie: I don't know they have full access to the site.If you really hate the answer report them to Yahoo. I just ignore them.That's life on Yahoo answers.Just sift through us.>:)Because most questions don't have a point, like this onejust ignore the rubbish there are some decent replys about dont loose faith in our fellow man even at times when they are complete prat's ask me your question i will try to helpCAUSE THEY'RE BOREDThey are gaming the answers.  Just ignore them or report them for abuse.  Sooner or later they will be booted off.  There are good answer people out there.I dunno, I have some great questions that aren't answered adequately.  I think yahoo needs to change their gui a bit.  Easier access to more of the Q&A database.  You know..i think some people just go straight down the line and answer their limit of questions for the day to earn points.  i myself prefer to answer question where i think i may actually have a shot at being picked best answer.  its just a difference in type of people and their objective for being here.  have you read some of the assanine questions?  it makes me wonder.  who would ask how do i smell?  or do you want to kiss me?  very silly if you ask me.Because there are so many people out there that cant get into the spirit of this and contribute.You said it.  Morons.Unfortunately, many don't take this site seriously and there are so many kids and immature teens on here.  All you can do is disregard the ones that are just being silly.
Mexicans dont treat Americans poorly because Americans bring money with them! Not to mention, they're only there to visit, not try to take over!Because intelligence scares them, but oh well, lets see if Barbie will pick thier veggies and fruits soon.Because of the illegal immigrant scum who are ruining our country and how both bonehead leaders of Mexico and the US don't stop itBecause we think we're better than everyone else. We get irritated when someone comes here and doesn't speak the language, but go abroad and expect everyone to speak English. It's disgusting the way we treat others. We are all brothers and sister.Uh yeah, americans don't get treated like crap when they go to Mexico, they just get killed, robbed, or raped. Frequently. So no, it's not just the US, it's anyone in any country who can very easily be discriminated against.It might be becasue there are so many of them coming to this country and taking advantage of what we have. Most Americans don't want to go to Mexico. It's understandable for Mexicans to want to come here and shop or try to get a new life, but when its thousands a day that gets tiring. We are the ones that have to pay for their medical bills when they get sick and we are they ones that have to adapt to their way of living so their kids can go to school. That's not fair.Have you been to Mexico lately?   Do you know how Mexicnas treat immigrants?    Mexico is mucho malo!. . . . Often the latino cannot even speak their own language well because they are to lazy to educate themselves.   Their country is to rotten to care for its own.   If that's all they can do is clean a toilet, whose fault is that?We scream "the Mexicans are coming!" now just as we've screamed "The Chinese are coming!" in the 19th century, "The Irish are coming!" in the 18th century" and the "British are coming!" in the 17th century. Fact is we are scared shitless by anyone other than our own kind.EXACTLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Think you'll find "dem white-folk" out there picking cotton OR cleaning toilet bowls OR cleaning out your hotel room FOR LITTLE OR NO MONEY at all.  Often times, it does seem latinos DO get beaten up and for no reason.
Actually, if we reduced our need for oil instead of destroying everything in our path to get more we wouldn't have to worry about being independent of foreign oil. There are many good alternatives to fossil fuel out there - aren't they at least worth a try?Independence. If we can find oil reserves in our own country that would satisfy Americas demand, than we wouldn't have to buy it from other countries. Thus creating less war (i.e. Desert Storm/Iraq Freedom -- you know it was about the oil) and lowering gas prices in America.are you sure you need this answer?To the extent that oil can be drilled cheaply and without additional harm to the environment, it would help (probably insignificantly) lower gas prices and oil imports from other countries.  The real question is whether to open ANWR - and the real question about ANWR is how much oil is there.  No one knows for sure, so those who oppose it cite studies saying there isn't enough to make it viable anyway, and those who favor it think it's the solution to all of the US' energy problems.  Really, there's no way it could ever produce enough oil to significantly reduce US imports of oil, and it will be (at best) several years before the necessary infrastructure can be built and oil actually pumped down the Trans-Alaska pipeline to Valdez.It would feed our thirst for a non-renewable resource instead of allowing us to find alternate forms of energy.. . NO MORE DRILLING IN ALASKA!!!
If our parents and grandparents and great grandparents were all financially responsible and savy, each generation can pass down a larger sum of money to the next generation.  In few generations, we will have accumulated enough asset to live off on it for rest of our lives.  Unfortunately, either our parents or their parents or their parents squandered away the money.  So we have nothing and now we have to work.Else life would be boring and we would get in more trouble.Otherwise, you die if you don't have food, clothes, a roof to cover you and a job to support yourself.to bring home bacon so we can live... unless you wanna starve and then end your life.The main reason is because no one will feed you for the rest of your life other than your parents for doing nothing at all--besides if we just fed you, you would end up like cattle being fed for the slaughter.so we can have food and water. and you can bye the stuff u need and want.Because when Adam and Eve disobeyed GOD,they caused sin to enter the world.Their punishment was that man would no longer have everything given to him.He would have to work for it....We're living in an imperfect world.. the original pandora's box was when God chose to endow thinking ability :) He is life and Perfection, however, so to choose anything in word, deed or thought other than his choosing and thought, is to become imperfect.. And so the world (and people) became imperfect.. But don't give up hope! After this unavoidable journey and lesson, we will once again be able to pick our food from off the trees.. and will be able to "sleep in the woods" [That's in Isaiah, ch 55?]. ...I try to keep an eye out for ways to simplify my life, and require less money (instead of wanting more, more more, which isn't easy, cuz i watch too many commercials and see too many billboards, etc, etc) peace..
Americans used to take it for granted that terrorism only happened "over there".  Now we know better.It was more relaxed on internal security.I could use air travel with my nail clippers.
Isn't that the commercial for the new customizable cell phones?  The girl's name is Brenda and she keeps saying her stuff is "Brendalized".i think that is not a real word.Brendalization= The effect of someone watching too many evening soaps and turning into a catty b*tch. See: Brenda, 90210
The French as notoriously snobby. I am sure they would be pissed. LOLGood Grief!!!!!!!I think they would be exceptionally outraged, just for the idea of having the French national anthem "La Marseillaise" translated & sung in English by the non-french speaking Americans, let alone poor & un-educated.Well, I think that this won't make any difference for a very old country like France, where they are so proud of their language to establish a group of countries called "Francofonic" (which gathers all countries where French is used as s second language), so they won't increase their efforts invading other countries and cultures with their language, great wine and great meals, as they did along time ago, knowing that they reached the point of satisfaction about their peice of globlization!Why?  Is this something that the French does to the US?  But okay, let's just say that, hypothetically, the US government rounded up poor people, and as a government program mind you, shipped them to France.  My guess is that the French would be pissed and probably, if proof that this was sanctioned by the government of the US, the French government would try and get the policy changed through diplomatic channels at first and then barring that, economic sanctions + retaliation.  In fact if one government started doing this to another, pretty soon every government would be "shipping" poor people to other countries that didn't want them.  . . *SIGH*  I honestly don't know WTF you are thinking here.  The French, though they have immigration troubles of their own, aren't engaging in this activity.  To my knowledge, no government in the world ships poor people across international borders as official policy.  It'd be a nightmare security wise.  . . NOW, in terms of illegal immigration, there are some countries that nudge, nudge wink wink sorta stop caring once a poor person is out of their country, and think it's somebody else's problem then... But if you stop and think about it, the whole concept of deportation is that "It ain't OUR problem, it's somebody else's now..."  I'm not justifying illegal immigration, just 'splaining the mindset of poorer countries.
military participation was not an issue.. after all most of the people in the viet nam war were drafted and had no choice, and anyone that actually stayed and fought once they got there.. were all heroes..in my book.   i vote for the best candidate who has similar beliefs and goals that i have.. and are concerned about the same issues i am concerned about. bush wasn't in the war.. so maybe that is why we are in iraq..now./ may be if he had witnessed the death..injury and loss he would have had seconds thoughts.Was he in Vietnam?. . I did not know that!It had no effect on me and on most voters, except for the fact that it showed his flip-flopping nature.. . Kerry offended many Vietnam vets by his attitude of throwing away the medals he earned (he did earn them), in a way that made it look like he was demeaning his fellow vets.It didn't affect me at all. It was insignificant. Mainly because he cannot choose one side or the other, he is never one way or the other. He contradicts himself, and I could never vote for a man like that no matter how many times he gave his life in the war. I def tilted away in every area of his campaign.Nope not at all. It's whomever has enough experience to do the job and do it well!
When you are level one, you can only answer 20 questions a day. But you can vote for best questions, give thumbs up, and some other things to earn points towards level 2. If you click on the number that shows your points, it will take you to a chart that shows how much each action is worth.get points by answering questions and other things.  But each level has limits on the number of questions you can answer and comments you can make.Answer questions vote on best answers give thumbs up. Check out the points chart.u need to get 250 pointsQuit asking questions and start answering right so you'll get voted best answer!U need 250 points and for that, u need to answer more questions and ask less... answer = 2points. ask = -5points.U lvl up by answering other peoples questions.
Most homeless people have addiction problems and what have you. So they're going to buy drugs, alcohol and things that'll get them a fix. Lotta homeless people also have mental issues.. . If I was homeless, I wouldn't be asking for money, I'd be looking for a job so I could get back on my feet.Because on the Street you have no place to cook.With cash you can buy well balanced hot meals.Even if you have to order it to go.Funny,one time a lady meaning well, brought me a large can of CRISCO.We laughed about that for weeks.They're already living in some homeless shelter somewhere, all they need is money for smokes and butts. (Notice how they can always afford smokes..?) . . . IMPORTANT HINT ! Don't refuse to contribute to those guys who hold signs saying "Give me a dollar or I'll smear your windshield with this greasy rag!"Research in our area has proven that most "homeless" people are not in fact homeless but rather are scavenging for a living and money is for drugs, alcohol or other addictions as well general living expenses, although it was also proven that most of them were receiving aide of some kind so I would be more inclined to think it was for drugs, alcohol and other addictions.maby because they wont some more beer to drank.Sadly, this is often because they are not actually homeless.They are panhandleing.Also, I don't believe there is a such thing as "homeless" (minus the people who lost everything to a natural disaster). They should have noticed they were losing money, and could have either sought help, or made some changes within themselves.food spoils. money always stays fresh.for dope plain and simplesee it from their point of view.. . If they get enough money for food, the rest can be used for something else.  And if they buy their food, they'll always get something they like...Different reasons:  save money to get a bus out of town to start a new life, alcohol, drugs, certain types of food, medication (OTC of course).  Each person is different.Well yes, some of them probably want drugs and booze. But I am sure there are homeless people that genuinely need the money for things they and their family needs. Not everybody are stoners.most of them on drugsBecause they want to buy something other than food.  If I came in contact with a homeless person, I would offer them some piece of food.  If they didn't want that, they wouldn't get anything from me.  Sorry but you can't trust anybody in this world.wow i see how some people have been conditioned to think like that. mayb e they do want money for drugs or alcohol, look at them, how can they stay positive when they have nothing. some do try but its a disease only ppl with it would understand. im an alcoholic and im not homeless. usually i buy them food and the ones that need (money for drugs like u said) appreciate it.. . DONT STEREOTYPE OR JUDGE,,,,,,KEEP WALKING AND I WILL HELP THEM IF YOU JUST WANT TO POKE JOKES. U ARENT IN THEIR SHOESD R U G S !!! YOu can't buy crack with a cheeseburger!because sometimes they are not actually homeless and actually look at standing on corners asking for money as a job.  I have offered people food... i know if they take it happily then they really do need it.  If they act put out because im not giving them money... well... it just makes me not want to help at allTAKE IT FROM SOMEONE THAT WAS HOMELESS FOR 20 YEARS. ALL THE ANSWERS SO FAR ARE RIGHT. yes, alot of them want drugs..but, isnt that better than stealing?? until you have been addicted do you realluy know???  but sometimes, alot morew than you would think, they want to catch a bus to some good camping spot, or do laundry, or get a cup of coffee.  I think they have discovered that about 30 % are mentally incapable of getting off the streets without help--like me, and thanks to the San Francisco Homeless Outreach I am on my way to SSI an in a room on welfare, trying to learn how to live.  please give us a break not all of us are "BAD"Yes, so they can buy drugs and boozeBecause they want to buy drugs and alcohol. Plus some hookersEverybody likes money, so why don't them?They can get free food at homeless shelters and different places so if they can get you to give them money they can spend it on whatever they want.  There are so many churches and other organizations that hand out free food that it really isnt a concern to the homeless people.because they really want booze or drugs, which they can buy with money.the answer is in your question, homeless.  Cant pay rent with food stamps.. . God BlessSo they can buy what they "really" want. They have preference too. I had a friend that offered a fresh pizza slice to a homeless lady. She turned it down because she does not like pepperoni. You get my point.because you can buy food with the money, or anything else they may needso they can buy booze instead and get hammeredb..bb.b hic up boozeTo pay off their credit cards.1.If you are homeless you have a fridge?. 2.In real life you need more than food!You can only put money into your IRA or savings plan.  If they're given food, then they'd have to sell the food to get the cash, so it's easier just to get the cash to start with.So they can get their drink on.  . . I have no pity for those people whatsoever.  They are playing the victim card and they shouldn't be.  There are ways for them to get out of their rut but they choose not to do anything about.  Instead they would rather panhandle so they can drink their sorrows away.  They are manipulators and anyone who gives them money are enablers to their situation.To get drunk or buy drugs. . but think about it most people with homes drink and do drugs. so whats wrong with homeless people doing it, they need a drink way more than i dohave you ever seen a homeless person buying food?  no, they buy drugs and alcohol, hmm, maybe that's how they became homeless?so they can buy drink with it coz living on the streets is horrible they like drink to dull the pains of why they are on the streets and putting up with it day in day out also some (most) do buy food aswell. not all homeless are bums they are there as there parents abused them ect or they had to escape from something bad you if you looked past the dirty image of them and actually talked to them you would feel quiet bad for ome of the things you have said about them they are all not out for drugs and booze to skive off work most do look for work but as they have no fixed abode they can not get a proper jobThey probably want to get booze or drugs, cause that is most likely the reason they got in that position in the first place.  I really hate walking by homeless in the street who ask for change, and I ignore them, I feel like a heartless bastard, but I remind myself there are organizations that help them, and my money would probably be used for something that would hurt them more than help them.To buy drugs and liquor. They're not homeless because they missed a house payment. They're homeless because they won't work and no one else will put up with them. Drugs are the best way to lose everything in your life.so they can get a life buy a house, go somwhere else, or maybe even get a jobBecause they haven't been homeless that long.Cause homeless people need to buy more than food like drink and drugs. thats mostly why they are there.
Develop the oil rich communities of the Niger Delta, Have you been to these communities where billions of Dollars are generated from? You will weep if you have the chance of being there- No Schools, No medical facilities, No social amenities like Good drinking water,toilets & electricities.This is a more refine way of todays SLAVERY. All that is shown in the papers and on telivision are all lies.god only knows, any how suffered people just thing about their fourth comming peoples.
Sunnis and Sh'ites are religious groups, Kurds are a race so the difference in belief thing does not apply there.. Sunnis and Shi'ites are the two branches of Islam, like Catholic and Protestant in Christianity. They disagree mainly over whether the authority of the Prophet Mohammed was carried on through his descendants.Sunnis and Shhites are two groups in islam.they differ in thier beliefs regarding the descendents after PROPHET MUHAMMAD (P.B.U.H).              Sunnis say that there are no descendts after PROPHET (P.B.U.H)and shiaz viceversa and shhites believe that HAZRAT ALI (K.M.T.W) is the descendent after PROPHET(P.B.U.H) and shiaz still believe that the descendents still exist.other differences include difference in methodology of offerin prayers(NAMAAZ),keepin beard etc..              Regarding the KURDS they are a race of muslims or we may say subcaste like syed, ahmadi etc that has vastly deviated from the main subject.
It is a wonderful sunny day here in Phoenix, Arizona.  We expect to hit 85 at 5 pm today.  The evenings are a nice 60 degrees.in LA it is in the mid to upper 80's during the day; upper 60's at night.  Sunny and gorgeous!! :)  How is your weather?88 today. sunny a Little breeze love the sunshine statein SCOTLAND its 6.45 pm.it has been raining and the sky is greyTampico. 34 C humid.NorCal- sunny and about 75. gorgeous day! Thank you God!
People are stupid. The holocaust happened and it's only those sick twisted hate mongers that go out and talk this crazy stuff to promote their sick cause.  The holocaust happened just like slavery happened, and the almost end of Native Americans.  You'd think we would have learned something but still in this world today people are being wiped off the planet because of their race, religion, tribal affiliation, it's sick and with people like those kids around you can see that hate is alive and will.WE KNOW IT HAPPENED WE HAVE FILMS AND I PERSONALLY SPOKE WITH TWO FOLKS THAT LIVED THROUGH IT  AND HAVE THE TATTOO NUMBERS TO PROVE IT. THE PAIN IN THEIR EYES WHEN THEY SPOKE ABOUT IT TELLS ONLY A FRACTION OF THE HORROR THESE PEOPLE WENT THROUGH. ONE OF MY UNCLES WAS AT THE LIBERATION OF A CAMP I CAN'T SPELL THE NAME OF.THOSE SINGERS HAVE BEEN RAISED IN A WHITE SUPREMACIST VILLAGE.THEY DON'T KNOW BETTER.For some reason people hate Jews. Don't ask me why, I love 'em :) They think that people are blowing things out of proportion becasue we are a 'civilised' society and we don't do things like that, even though mob mentality wins over common sense every time. . And Prussian Blue. Those girls make me sad, but since they are homeschooled they haven't been properly taught what they should be. That is a big problem I have with homeschooling; it allows the parent to teach the kids what they like and all it does is ruin them.I feel sorry for those girls because they are so ignorant and are actually being scarred by their parents (who I think should be taken out to a field and shot). . The whole thing makes me very angry. I can't stand racism and I think it's so disgusting that in this day and age, people can think the way they do.Deny?  Well we all know it happened except the Iranian "president" who in my opinion is an idiot for making such a statement.they listen to the propaganda around them...two reasons:. . 1st People hate and are blinded by it.. 2nd People are ignorant and don't want to be educated.for someone to deny that an atrocity like that happened is just a denial of the facts. that people can be so narrow minded....Because they just want to deny it!That happens when stupid people get some attentioncause da iz dum as fuck they no it happened so wats da point in hindin it it happened it heppened  can't deny da shit like that fuckI have spent an entire semester studying the Holocaust.  It was horrific.  Some of the towns surrounding the concentration/death camps thought those camps were meat packing plants or other factories.  This is what the Nazi regime was telling these people.  The Nazis knew full well what they were doing.  There is also no logic to the Nazi party, so they of course denied it happened during the Nuremberg Trials.  When a camp near Berlin was liberated, the allied troops were ordered to bring the citizens of Berlin through to see the horrors.  These people were horrified by what they saw.  They had no idea that this was happening.  This was just at a concentration camp, the extermination camps were much, much, much worse.people dont like to admit to evil deeds in the world.....If people admitted to the tragedy it would implicate their participation by not speaking against it.  Or by denying, they resolve any possibility of internal conflict, and subsequent stress/crisis precipitated by such events.. . I'm sorry that I have no information on the "Twins".  However, if you feel unable to TOLERATE, and they do nothing to harm people, then try your best not to listen or watch them perform.One cannot blame a country for wars. If we do, we will end up hating Americans for killing innocent people and raping large numbers of women in Iraq(because they do), hating Germans for the world war, hating the UK for the 100 years war...and so on. What i am trying to say here, is that some things are past and should remain that way. most of the people that were involved are now dead. How would you feel, if you were German, if someone would call you an idiot because some dead German you don`t even know killed in a war. We cannot blame nowadays Germans for what happened. In fact they are still paying a large amount of money to the people that suffered in the holocaust.They can't believe or comprehend the inhummanity.  I went to the PB  website out of curiosity and they sing like crud.  They have been brainwashed by there dad  perhaps one day they will stat thinking for themselves.  Anyhow I believe that is how hate is perpetuated.  It's passed on from the older generation.Because a lot of people didn't know that it was happening until it was all over.I'd guess that it's just denial. I think that the Germans want the world to forget what happened and what a bunch of sheep they were to let it happen.Because thier German!
He's the guy with the (for some unknown reason) HUGE fingers and chuncky knuckles that every 40 year old male is afraid of. WIthout nary a kiss or even a reach-around, the guy jams his finger in your butt, looking for polyps or other as* cancers.... . And you thought being a guy was cool for the dangly parts...Proctology is a field in medicine dealing with diseases and disorders of the rectum, anus, colon and pelvic floor. The word Proctology is derived from the Greek words Proktos, meaning anus or hindparts, and Logos meaning science or study.. . Physicians specializing in this field of medicine are called proctologists. Most proctologists are surgeons by training. Proctologists often work closely with urologistsa doctor specialised to deal with anal and rectal pathologiesA Proctologist is a butt doctor.  He takes care of your colon and all the other butt stuff!A proctologist is a doctor (MD) of the lower bowel, ie. rectum and sigmoid colon and anus.  I am doctor so be sure that the answer is correct.someone who enjoys looking at mens' buttholes and evaluating it based off some scientific method and a couple of fingersProctology is a field in medicine dealing with diseases and disorders of the rectum, anus, colon and pelvic floor. The word Proctology is derived from the Greek words Proktos, meaning anus or hindparts, and Logos meaning science or study.. . Physicians specializing in this field of medicine are called proctologists. Most proctologists are surgeons by training. Proctologists often work closely with urologists.A butt doctor.Proctology is a field in medicine dealing with diseases and disorders of the rectum, anus, colon and pelvic floor. The word Proctology is derived from the Greek words Proktos, meaning anus or hindparts, and Logos meaning science or study.. . Physicians specializing in this field of medicine are called proctologists. Most proctologists are surgeons by training. Proctologists often work closely with urologists.. . [edit]. Scope of the specialty. Proctological disorders include:. . varicosities or swelling, and inflammation of veins in the rectum and anus (Hemorrhoids) . unnatural cracks or tears in the anus (Anal fissures) . abnormal connections or passageways between the rectum or other anorectal area to the skin surface (Fistulas) . severe constipation conditions . fecal incontinence . protrusion of the walls of the rectum through the anus (Rectal prolapse) . birth defects such as the imperforate anus . cancer of the colon and rectum (Colorectal cancer) . anal cancer (rare) . any injuries to the anusA doctor's main field of study is the colon/rectumThe branch of medicine that deals with the diagnosis and treatment of disorders affecting the colon, rectum, and anus. . a doctor specializing in diseases of the rectum and anus:The crapiest job of all the doctors (doctor specializing in the anal cavity of humans), however gynocology beats it hands down
Well when you are circumcised there will not be any loose skin when you are erect. No skin to pull back when erect and very little skin to pull back when you are not erect.Look at your penis when it is limp.  Do you see the head?  If yes, you are circumcised.. If the foreskin (part of the shaft) is very much overgrown around the head, then you are not circumcised.. . Or, you can ask your parents.You wouldnt have any foreskin.does it look like a roman helmet or an ant-eater?It would match your head Knobhead! The foreskin will pull back without restrictions.either you would have a dark like scar by the shaft. If your uncut you might have some skin covering the head of your penis. if you are able to retract it then you got a 4skinsure are a lot of dumb questions on hereare you Jewish....if so...definetly....if you're not Jewish, ask your parents
born in the USA or have legal citizenship papers.. . illegals should be sent back to their own country.  There are legal, proper ways to get US citizenship.someone who is born here and has legal citizenship papers. by using the excuse as we are all immigrants is the lamest excuse i ever heard since even majority of the Mexicans are immigrants from Spain in the first placean american is one born in the us and who has gained their citizen ship legally if sum one comes into the us illegally they should be shipped back no offense but they should everyone else had to why shouldnt theyMost of our ancestors were immigrants and I hold nothing against legal immigrants. In fact, my wife is a legal immigrant.  Everyone should have to go through the same naturalization process.Someone who emigrated to America and got naturalised, before immigrants who have not yet been through the same welcoming process.. God Bless America. . The Land Of The Free.I consider an American to be somebody that has actually been born here, or somebody who got their citizenship legally and through the proper channels.  It isn't fair for the American taxpayers to have to pick up the slack for the 11 million immigrants that came here illegally, breaking many laws in the process.An American---that's a very complex question, obviously we all have our opinions---some more simple, some more radical, some quite shocking, than say someone opposite side of the world. . . In my view, an American is someone who has taken the pledge to respect the nation, understand the nations history, its founding the people, and its growth to this day itself. He/She doesn't have to speak English or be able to know every word to the Star Spangled Banner, but he/she must be able to identify the meanings of the pledge, the anthem and be able to honor and respect the people for which the flag and its rhetoric represent.. . An American, in my view, should be active in government, be an active voter, know what is going on, pay taxes---or at least some dues to the national government that provides the citizen/visitor with the means of day to day protection.. . I feel threatened when I see 60,000, chanting, and sceaming humans walking down a street waving a flag that is not my own and then calling for amnesty and immediate citizenship. I've read up on my geneology, and know that some of my relatives were turned away because of their religious backgrounds only 70 years ago, not only that but the fact that they couldn't speak English. . . It threatens me that the protestors, seem to have the mindset that I as an American need to apologize to them and beg for forgiveness because I am being intolerant and unamerican in my ways for not accepting their culture and race, and background into my life....which is probably the most proposterous thing since Cuba beating the D.R. in the World Baseball Classic.. . On immigrants, well I feel we owe our history and founding to them, at least to the large majority of immigrants who by the way were ENGLISH, and to the other mix of Europeans who came to the nation in its birth...I also feel I owe respect to the Asians who came to this nation, to mine the mines, and lay the tracks across the deserts during the days of Reconstruction and the Gold Rush...they kept our economy afloat.... . However, (I know you think I'm going to turn against the Hispanics eh?). . However, I do not understand, why the immigration from mexico's border, is somehow more "bad" than the immigration across the keyes to Florida...I don't understand the feelings that many hispanics are expressing of late, that seem to congregate on the basis that since we've been looking into the borders recently, and worried that maybe 11 MILLION ILLIGALS have gotten into our nation that maybe its time to buckle up the belt across the Mexican-American border, that somehow this is a show of "hatred" towards "mexicans." . . This sounds like George Bush diplomacy, we're not talking "with us or against us" here, we're saying that too many damn people have come across our border, 11 million is more than enough, and we have the right to strenghten the border as we see fit, and for those who are already in the country, I say go ahead register, sign up for citizenship, but . . but, I say once you sign up, you should be taxed, not significantly, you could even apply for welfare, but you should pay taxes into the pool that fuels the rest of the nation, and do the thing that is right. . . I do not defend those who come in here, and refuse, refuse, to naturalize themselves through the processes that have been set up for everybody else, people who come from Sudan to escape certain genoicide. I don't see how you can be pushed to the front of the line, because your already part of the work force, thats not right---....thats cheating.. . This is a sensitive issue for me, I think its something that could of been fixed under Reagans watch, but once again the ball was dropped because of interests of big business, and now we are paying the price...americans, working middle class americans.. . Sometime soon, either now, or 10 years from now, the population that refuses to admit that Being an american is a frame of mind. There are citizens that are born here and are "american"that would sell this country out to the highest bidder. It is someone who respects our laws and ways. Besides it takes twelve years to get legal papers and thats if you can afford it.
Garland Texas?. . I'd try the Dallas Morning News archives or the old Dallas Times Herald. Maybe the Dallas public library has them archived.If this is in your town, you can go to your local library. If not then, contact the local news channel and they can give you some info about it. ex: the news channel their.I'm assuming that Garland is a city. If so, then go to the city's library, and ask to look into their archives of the local newspaper. Or check the local police department and ask if their records go back to 1978. . . At the library, ask if there's a local historian organization that could help you out. Or if there are any residents of the city/town that would be aware of such events. Librarians are usually very good at helping to unearth information.. . Good luck!
I think the main reason I ignore TV ads is because its the same ad over and over and over.  I think they should make simpler ads (if $ is a factor) and change them up WAY more often.  I tune out commercials becasue I see the same ones over and over and over to the point where I see no reason to pay ANY attention to commercials.  The only time I pay attention is when I see an entertaining/funny one that is new.most are boring  and they interrupt the show you are watching.they are annoying. the problem is that our brain see's them so much that we may begin to believe some of the b.s the ads throw at us. how many people actually think that eating cheese and milk will help them lose weight? we eat to much fat already. look at those products before you eat another bite or drink another drink. we wonder why our kids are more obese than ever........THEY ARENT IGNORED BY THE CONSUMERS IF THEY ARE GOOD AND PLEASING.TV ads have limited attention span, and even more limited effective span. . . People need to be involved in order to pay attention, stop passive advertising.. start interactive advertisingIn my opinion, some ads are ignored simply because they are not intelligent enough to engage us. For example, do you really stink if you don't use one specific brand of deodorant or bath bar? Do you really get the totally beautiful woman only if you drink a specific brand of beer? Do my teeth really look older as I age, so I should buy toothpaste that makes my teeth look younger? The majority of ads on the air today should make a child laugh. Of course, if you play them over and over enough, they get into our subconscious and we buy the products. Some are very effective even though they seem to be targeted toward persons who don't think logically. A catchy jingle, an unforgettable visual stimulation, or something repeated over and over does engage memory.they are EVERY where, so I tend to block them outMost of the tv ads are misleading. Especially in those  long comercials. They are trying to sell some sh*t and want to convince people that they have to have it. In reality most of those things are cr*p. Tv ads don't send a straight message to comsumers. They don't tell the truth. They try to mislead people.Are you kidding me?. . I see people buying ridiculous and stupid stuff, just because they felt the impulse!. . Marketing people STUDY the way to make people "believe" they NEED to have something.. . If people would STOP,  THINK, and THINK AGAIN  there wouldn't be so many people with debt or filling bankruptcy, people will be able to save and enjoy their lives.. . TV is not always stupid, but no wonder some people call it the STUPID BOX...they're misleading, not to mention boring and long.Because they are not always real.
According to the famous REMOTE VIEWER, Major Ed Dames, her body was stuffed into a lobster cage, and was sunk in deep water off the coast of Aruba.  As you may know, the 17-year-old suspect's father was quoted as saying, "Without a body, there is no crime."  Is HE the one who advised her killers to do this?I think she was murdered. But it doesn't really affect my life, so I don't think about it that much.. ----------------------------. The true American mentality.. . Anyway, she's dead. I hope they find her body and charge the jerks that did this to her.I think she was partying and was slipped a date rape drug that eventually killed her. I think the boys freaked out & dicthed her body.The boys are well connected on the island and the investigation was not taken seriously from the beginning.I think she was murdered.  But it doesn't really affect my life, so I don't think about it that much.I think she was sold into slavery/prostitution in South AmericaI believe she was raped and murdered. If her body was left in the ocean, they will never find her now.. . Ladies, you have to be sooooo careful. Only go clubbing with friends you know and trust. Never go off with boys you just met.
while our needs have changed very very rapidly during the last one hundred years, we still find ourselves with the deeply ingrained millions of years old biological natural tendencies that benefited us back then, but not as much anymore now.. . Our predicament is internal.  we are naturally short-sighted where the need exists now, like never before, to think exceedingly into the future.  we must make long-term legitimate committments to zero population growth.this is such a vague question, be more specific. we humans are the way we are because we evolved over generation to fit our environment. EX: we are no longer hairy, because the ice age has ended.so that god can enjoy and have a ball as we screw ourselves up ....Do you believe in evolution?  It explains a lot of how human develop to its current way some 150,000 years ago from Africa.. . In short, survival!Humans are the way they are not because God gets a blast out of watching us screw ourselves up; quite the opposite. God is hurt by us screwing ourselves up. We were initially created in Eden to be a companion to God in His newly created world. We were larger in statue and lived MUCH longer. What has caused us to be in our "current state" is sin. Since sin entered the world we have "de-volved". Sin causes self-centeredness, hate, deception, etc.
not to mention nobody likes to admit how much money they make because that makes it easier for the thieves in power to come take more.. . What's the difference between a mugger and the IRS?. the IRS makes you fill out forms.because people dont have any money,. and there is alot of corruption,. the only way you can measure national income using the national income approach is through taxes, since no taxes in these countries the approach doesnt work.
The secret is _________ but be careful who you tell coz_____________ okay. clarified information!!!I hv heard that he was given poison by his enemies.comaHe did not die and rumors like that are why he is in hiding...Bruce Lee died of allergy. the coroner ruled that Bruce Lee died of a brain edema (accumulation of fluid and swelling) caused by an abnormal reaction to painkillers he had been prescribed for back pain.... he was allergic to Equagesic, an analgesic formulation containing meprobamate, aspirin and ethoheptazinetoo much sex with his wifebruce lee is dead?some slow food poison was given to him.it has something to do with "Pharmaceuticals!"He got shot when he was on a set aint it??why do you think there is a secret ?
Call your probation handler. What did you do, exactly and why? How long will you be in the zoo? I'm fortunate to have never done anything wrong. How much longer will your probation be, if you don't go to jail? If you can resist violating deliberately, ask about witness protection program. I'm guessing that you witnessed someone do something, and that someone beat you to the punch, by accusing you. If you don't qualify for the program, ask about relocating and changing your name, with out it. I think someone where I am, could help you. I'll pray that everying turns out fine, for you.Whoa.. you need to chill out. Talk to your P.O., and you can have some fun without getting into trouble, right?Wait and see what happens. Dont cause more trouble or you could make it worse.Call your probation officer and communicate what happened.  NOTHING bad comes out of open communication.Never commit yourself, if you're not sure.
Go to your mail page.. . Click on "edit" on the right hand side where the folders are at the top.. . By the folder you wish to delete, it says "rename - delete".. . Click on "delete".. . It then will delete it for you.Yes you can, go to the top, at the your list of inbox, bulk, and so on. It will say folders new edit. You delete the one want there.i no i tried 2 deleet 1 of my yahoo folders.but nooooooo it . didnt work!!
Because it would melt before the illegal aliens could shovel it.FASHIOHNPOLIC.........  got the right answer. Please give her 10 points.good answer fashion police. Personally i would attribute it to fat heads like him farting so much, but your answer is more concise and sophisticated.because air heads like you carry to much hot airBecause that area is in a semi- desert area, though it did snow one time  in glendale Ca. whichis about 15 miles from L.A.
Not only did they get published after the fact but it was her uncle, I believe, that had them published. There was a lot of talk because he has deleted quite a bit of the diary that would have showed her as more of a 'normal' girl. It was a beautiful story but I think it would have been more beautiful seeing her who she really was..no just a censored voice...not in the least, to be frank. her writings didn't come to light until a bit later, I do believe...
world peace is an amazing goal to to obtain it one would sacrife, personal ideals, religion, politics, creative and own ideas, personal voice, sports, cars,  etc. anything that can be said or done, even something as some as wearing something differnt can cause violencei ain't joining anyone or any group incase they end in a cult, i would rather join a cult than join an unestablished peace prayer group.
The Goverment probably as themI think that they were to damaged to be useful due to the intense heat.  At least that is what I have read.They mysteriously dissintegrated but yet fully intact passports from the terrorist managed to remain intact..... . . figure that one out
Boy, that didn't take long!  I was going to say some neo-con is going to tell you the liberals are the ones in charge of the media, but you can already see that for yourself.. . The only reason the media would have for reporting or not reporting on something would be fear of retaliation from the government, which is NOT supporting a liberal agenda.  The news is the news, and if it paints conservatives in a bad light, you can't blame it on the media and say they're all liberals.You need to open your eyes little one.  Ever heard of a president named Billy Clinton?  Guess what?  He was impeached!!!  Yet, the sleazy media tried desperately to cover it all up.  Retrieve your tail from your mouth, and if you truly possess a brain, learn how to think for yourself instead of using the mainstream media as your bible.I think most media outlets are agnostic but the really large ones are focused on the almighty dollar, or Euro, yen, etc. We can all argue about Fox News but at one time Murdoch once owned the Village Voice. There are a few exceptions but most media outlets do seem to be conservative but I think this is just a reflection of the conservative culture in the US. In the UK, I don't think the media is as conservative but I think the major media is more conservative than they were in the past. It's too bad.The Liberals are the ones who control the American Media!!!!!Yes and everyone just talks about what's wrong and how criminal it is.  Who is the ONE who should point the finger and prosecute!. . I do think something illegal is going on.  How do "We the People" do something about it?  Is it too late?  We will be paying for King George's antics for a long time.i do not now ?DONT KNOW DO U
dont know and i dont care,dosent concern me,i live in americawasn't aware thanks for the 2ptsthey are ?. . well they both need to grow up.The great war of newzealand vs japan or the "Jiwi" war as it's known, all started on December 12, 1984 when New Zealand refused to allow shipments of sheeps wool coats for the Japanese. The ensuing war that developed still goes on today.they're not what newspaper's are you reading??
Limburger is smelly cheese.  They found the Linbergh baby deadI hope you don't need to know this for a paper......its not a limburger baby, its the Lindbergh Baby.   If you don't spell right, people will think you are ignorant, and they would be rightLinbergh?  He was kidnapped and then found dead.  Very sad.Lindbergh, yo.. . All the messy details are here:. http://www.celebritymorgue.com/lindbergh-baby/. . Just realized, it does have a pic of the corpse.  Beware.
We all need gas for our cars to run and it is not a commodity that is a luxury, it is a necessity for all, whether you are private or public transportation.... Everyone needs gas, so bring the prices down and we still buy.... If the big oil companies price everyone out, they will have no purchases or customers to buy their oil and gas.... So they need to keep us consumers as much as possible...My objection is, the price is to high.People are paying too much for gas and the gas companies keep making more profit off of it.  Personally, I think gas companies are taking advantage of people.  What else are we going to use to run our automobiles if not gas?  I don't know about anyone else, but this is certainly one of my top objections on gas prices.It's bad for my budget :)Deal with it the prices will go up higher then $3 all summer so please don't fall into the whinners crowd thinking they can change the price it only goes up they won't lower it when they can legally make a profit and to all the whinners you can't lower it and you will pay it so shut it.It wrecks havoc with disposable income.
I'm wonderful and how about yourself?Partly Cloudypretty bored my man is campin!not bad, what about you?At the moment I am fine in health though I have lot of problems for which I am a bit annoyed. Thanks for your concernI'm great!! Thanks for your concern!!Great thanks for asking!vrey well thanks for asking.How are you???Oh just freaking peachy.  And yourself?I am fine,feeling extremely fantastic,. R U also like me?I'm tired from working a 15-hour shift. :(Just dandystormy!witha chance of rain!fine and happy.I'm fine, and how are you?
It got hit by a plane. I think it was 187 people that died.It's not what happened at the Pentagon on 9/11 that you are not hearing about. It is what did NOT happen at the Pentagon BEFORE 9/11. COMMUNICATION! That's why you don't hear about it, because they would have to answer for it. They have already decided to put it in the past or to "sweep it under the rug" so to speak. God Bless You!
How could you possibly have missed the obvious one, . "Your place or mine"Those YPOMS are scary, lets hope they don't vote for BushYoung People On the Move...I looked on the net and found two possibles.  "Your Peace Of Mind" referring to health care, early detection of problems, and "Young People On the Move"The dudes answer above is completely wrong.... It stands 4 Young People On the Move
Because it's entertaining to make it sound like a sweet innocent girl is in the control of a mind controlling cult (which has some basis fact - the cult part at least). The idea behind 'silent birth' is absolutely stupid - even Freud would be appalled.Because Katie know that Tom is crazy and she is scare of him so she doesn't speak up for herself. I would be scare of him because he is not all there sometimes.because Katie's team of lawyers is having a hard time breaking her free of the contract she signed with Tom to marry and have a child.. . if they don't find a loophole of some sort, Tom and his scientologists will destroy her career.. . that's why she's being 'held captive'Yeah, Scientology isn't bad, for a cult.He's giving them enough reasons to make it sound that way.What with him going on like a lunatic declaring their well rehearsed words for the press.. . You see it was all supposed to be just a publicity stunt,then Tom decided to take it to heart. Can't say i blame the guy though. She did promise to marry him.. . He's taking her rejection really badly.he needs to take time off, spend some time in a home for the mentally unstable, and accept the humiliation of yet another failed relationship.. . My only pity goes to the unborn child!Because Tom Cruise is a psychopath, possibly manic/depressive, but thinks he is the only sane person on earth.
they look good that way and have you noticed that the seconds hand is also at around 30 seconds. but i cant understand why they use the same time in digital display watches tooit's supposed to look like the watch/clock face is smilingBecause it is 10:10esthetics...some have hands at 8:20...same reason
with any luck we'll get them to continue to may 2....then maybe the 3rd.  next, maybe a wee at a time...then maybe they'll leave altogether.  We can only hope...I am hearing how jobs are going to still get done and they will replace whom they need to.... . I think if they protest, get out the busses and start shipping them back.IT IS GOING TO BE S SIGHT TO SEE!!Just goes to show you how meaningless it is. If they were really serious they would hold 4 days later on their holiday. But they are as shallow as all the Liberals, and just want to put on a show but still celebrate their holiday.If they want to take a day off and lose a days pay, they are only proving how ignorant they are and how easily they can be replaced with an American citizen.We need them just as much as they need us, though I am not sure if their absence for a day is going to prove this point.  If the illegal immigrants are kicked out, people are going to start complaining about how expensive everything is.
That's certainly looking on the bright side. Is that from Exxon's Website??Help us learn how to spend money,so that we can use our Brian more for problem solving ,mathematical questions and  is a very practical teaching to our kids to know saving money is a very high level knowledge.Also is a good timing to check up our body,walking is healthy for everybody,so keep on walking.Furthermore this is the best opportunity to understand what is a better environment.. But ,what about the future of those car factory,will they close down " who Care's".. But,what is the future OE even this moment,those workers related to Auto.business,will they be unemployed?. This is a question,we better go to "yahoo answer".It is especially good for families that own Exxon Mobil stock (as well as Chevron Texaco).It will get families more organized. For instance, I plan everything now, to watch the gas in my car, and try and save money. I plan when to visit others,  what the weekend will hold and out of town trips.. . The more organized we get, the better it is for everyone!. . What's even better is when the gas prices go down, we will still be conserving and then the gas companies start to lose out! Payback!. . Good Question!clever question; I thought it was sarcastic at first. one thing to consider: it will also make you have less disposable income to spend on your family so that might counterbalance the good effects of being around them more.So true!i dont think it will keep any one from being closer in my family since my parents are divorced and my 2 other sisters live with my mom well i live my mom 2 but my mom doesnt have a car my dad does
Wet towels grow fungi.RedCabbage got it right...PLUS wet towel will smell moldy afer a few days.  I use mine once and it goes in the washto sanitize it soit keepss fresh aand dead cells from your skin rub on itBecause your dead skin cells rub off when you dry yourself. Do you want all that dead skin hanging around?they cant be clean if u used it dahyeah mold and mildew can grow!!! they will smell....When a towel is used, it picks up environmental debris as well as dead skin cells. There are many things it has contact with. Plus, some people clean themselves better than others, so how clean are we, really?u know do as i do dont wash ur towells . i never do untill it get  smelly :DBecause even though you are clean, your body still has oils in it and these tend to build up on the towel after several uses. Also, it takes some time for the towel to dry even in the best of circumstances and after so many uses it builds up odor.
Gas prices are influenced by a lot of different things.. . Firstly, there's OPEC, (the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries), who basically get to decide how much oil to release at what time. If they don't feel they're getting good prices, they can stifle the flow, so to speak, and drive prices up.. . Demand plays a big part. People naturally are driving more now, so prices are going up. Does that suck? Yes.. . Also, in the spring most major refineries in the U.S. go through a cleaning process that limits the amount of fuel they can get out in a day. Once that process is over (usually mid to late-May, I think), the prices usually come down.. . And then any time there's a blip of disaster in the news: Hurricane Katrina, the unpleasantness with Iran -- that can drive prices up.. . Gas prices are also higher at the pump than they actually are in "real life" because of varying taxes. There's a standard federal tax, but state taxes vary widely and some are proportional to how much you pay per gallon -- so as the price of gas goes up, your tax goes up too. About 20% of what we pay at the pump is taxes.. . Of course, those huge Exxon oil profits and CEO kickbacks don't help keep the prices down either, but that's another story .... . Lots of information at How Stuff Works.com, which I'll link below, but I got most of my information from memory -- after I read the latest ish of Mental Floss (www.mentalfloss.com)Because the Saudis are Butt Crack. They know they have it and we need it. So they are going to suck us for all we've got.The Rich want to get Richer.greed.  nothing like prices going up, people struggling to put gas in their cars and then the companies have a record breaking earnings...  yeah, as if we can't see through that crap...because, the hurricane Katerina destroyed most of the US oil mines on the sea. Also, The war at Iraq has certain influece
need more input.... . what kinda shoes. what kinda surfaces. . you'll get a better answer if give us some details! Or just reask the question but better.Do they only squeak if you scuff your feet? Maybe its the way you walk?are you sure it's not your joints? er..... I mean the joints on the shoes!
I don't think he did.  I think it was some other Russian official who made a derogatory comment, and it was in reference to her being a woman, not her being a primate.Frankly, I don't think the guy is the brightest bulb in the box.
She was born on April 21, but the weather in April in London has a good chance of being appalling. Early on in her reign, Elizabeth II decided to continue the tradition of celebrating the monarch's birthday in June when the weather is better. It is now celebrated on the second Saturday in June.the day she was born and the day that she was made queen
They were not all illegal or just Mexicans.  Learn a little about your fellow Americans and support their exercise of the rights granted to all here in America.to stop something that they don't wanna see in the futureyou should ask themThe govt. wants to cut them off, but I mean, they're right, our economy does rely on them working for dirt cheap. I don't think it's right though, that they don't at least try to do the proper paperwork to gain entry into this country. Sadly, it's easy to get in. I just don't like giving them a free ride, when I'm here busting my ass every day working 2 jobs and barely keeping a roof over my head. . I just think they need to get over it. If they don't like what our country is trying to do, then they need to shut up and stuff it, go back to thier own country and try to change it for the better.because they for some reason think even if there illegal they have the right to be here, don't they know what a law is.
Go to a big girl scout event where she lives, she is a girl scout.. . Go to one of her movie premieres.start stalking heri agree with da 1 person
For starters... the Palistinians can stop blowing up busses with school children in an attempt to make a political statement.This is a religious war that has been going on for thousands of years,it will never end until the Prince of Peace(Christ Jesus) sets up His earthly reign in Jerusalem.Support Israel.  When the terrorists realize they aren't going away, they'll compromise, like they have before.. . A short allegory of Israel:. . Pretend that Israel is an apartment building.. . Some jews live there, some Arabs (Jordanians). Many empty nasty apartments.. . The Health Department says you Jews need a place to live. Take these places, fix them up, live here.. . Tired Jews move into vacant apartments, in spite of the hatred and attacks and murders by the Arabs (Jordanians).. Them fix up the apartments, live quietly, and protect themselves.. . Health Department comes by and says, good job, you can keep the apartments and the building itself.. . Jews now own the building. Arabs (Jordanians) say "Oh my God, they will murder and kill and rob and rape us simply because we murdered and killed and robbed and raped them, how unfair!!". . Arabs (Jordanians) run away leaving vacant apartments.. . Abandoned apartments become property of the landlords (Jews) and are turned over to other settlers who move in.. . Arabs (Jordanians) go to all other Arab countries and whine about reparations and poverty. Other Arab Countries kick them out.. . Arabs (Jordanians) decide that they need a new image.. . "Hey!!! We're Palestinizers now! Palestinites? Palestonians? Palesturgers??? (Gets out Liberal Arab Talking Points Crib notes) Oh! Palestineans! Right. These mean thoughtless cruel non burkah wearing Jews have DRIVEN us from our ancestral lands in Palestan. Wait!! Palestine. Boo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo (are the cameras still on me?) Hoo. We are peaceful people so murder them, rape their women, crush their children, blow up their weddings, funerals, cafe's, busses, wait - don't hurt the furniture, we'll need that!"can't, not presently!It depends. I mean if the Palestine's stop to bomb, so there's a way.. . But for a citizen that live in Israel, i really don't know.. . I don't think that there's some solution to it, if the Palestine's can't make it, and to solve it. It's up to them, my country suffer enough already.Ku Lok's allegory is dead on. . . This issue cannot be solved by politics or human strength because no one can control the mind of those who hate the Jews and want their land..  . What is happening to the Jews is God's will for them and America really should stop interfering. The undeserved suffering of the Jews is a great honor and their day (7 years to be exact) is coming! See Revelation, the bible.It can only be solved if all parties wish for it to be solved without violence. That aint gonna happen, so there is no resolution.it won't be solvedit will not be solved now . it will be solved when the islam returns strong . and i think jews know that . and i think thats why they fight islamMove the israeli to alabama
Good Friday is the commemoration of the Crucifixion of Jesus 2000 years agoIts the day after jesuses death supposedly, I don't believe in all that god rubbish. Science is the one true GodJust another day for the Church to bend you to it's will.  Most Christian hollidays are "borrowed" from pagan tradition anyway.
well its good to know that you have some idea...bollywood is a major integal part of the INDIAN FILM INDUSTRY...its located in mumbai(previously known as Bombay)..it derives its name from Bombay only...no its not just a city that makes movies..no doubt it is the movie center of India but mumbai is also the hub of many other activities such as the stock exchange  of India is located there...bollywood also produces a lot of movies per year and the number keeps increasing every year and its quiet more than the Hollywood number..also in India are located tollywood (i.e. the movie center in kolkata,previously known as Calcutta)and also the southern part of India has its own movie center...they basically produce regional language movies..bollywood movies are in Hindi-the official language of India.... about some famous people ,i don't know whether you have heard of AMITABH BACCHHAN.SHAHRUKH KHAN,AISHWARYA RIA(star of bend it like beckham and bride and prejudice also former miss world...)yes, it's like hollywood. The "B" stands for Bombay now known as Mumbai. They produce 4 time more movies HW does and thier movies are globally more popular too. Personally I prefer BW movies to HW. Full of music, dancing, beautiful clothes, beautiful people and fun to watch with the whole family.India's answer to HollywoodMakeshift Hollywood in India, hahh.(B)ombay + H(ollywood) = Bollywood. Actual city is Bombay ( now officially renamed Mumbai) where most, famous indian actors are based.Indian and Hindu movies equivalent to Hollywood movies .indian hollywoodIt's the Indian film industry. It's mostly based in Mumbai, whose older name is 'Bombay' - 'Bombay' + 'Hollywood' = 'Bollywood'. Plus it's the biggest film industry in the world. Makes more films per year than the USA and gets more box office receipts (I think).. . And 95% of the films are musicals. I don't know why.Uh, same as Hollywood. Turn it around, travel to India and you've got yourself Bollywood....hollywood stuff in india
contact your local law enforcement they can tell uthe national sex crimes registry web site will show you sex offenders in your area. For other crimes contact the nearest police station and ask for a crime analysis of your neighborhood.
you cant reverse what you already did. . and dont think about using less cars bc thats never gonna happen. . do you know how many lazy people we have. . and how can people WALK to places that are like miles away. . id say take it on yourself and walk places . . you cant change the world. . but you can try. . but yeah if its gonna happen...it will soonPray about it, the planet has its own plans since God created it.we need global cooler. To cool the planet down. . . Well, joke is a joke but we do need to decrease the output of thermal energy into the atmosphere. Cities are like big heaters producing heat constantly. Nothing will make human mind abandon money, thats basically what energy is. If you can make people hate money you might be able to save this planet.. . Some people believe its just not true. Well, it might be. Studies show that over the last 20 years the temperature of the Earth's atmosphere increased by 0.2 degrees Celcius. . . It's up to you to believe in it or not!Use less fuel, reduce consumption of electricity and stop voing Texas oil tycoons as President!!Walk or ride a bicycle.move to another planet until we kill that one.Global warming is a hoax... Look at temperature trends dating way back... They fluctuate at random.  In some times temperatures have been cooling. But they go right back to normal sooner or later.If we all followed information on what we can do as an individual I feel this would help.. . Some of which is drive less walk more.  Leaving your car at home occasionally will reduce your carbon dioxide emissions. . Use a push mower or a composting mower  . . omposting yard waste reduces the waste stream sent to your areas landfill, landfills generate a potent gas called "methane". . Recycle  Much waste adds to the problem. `. . There is heaps of other things just got to follow what scientists and experts recommend
The lady is correct.  Cockpit voice recorders are a continuous loop lasting 30 minutes.Cockpit voice recorders are on a 30 minute continuous loop.  That part probably occurred more than 30 minutes from crash.
You need to tell the right people to get something accomplished... police or (maybe better) a teacher you trust.  Don't be afraid. You did nothing wrong.Oh yes their is. I don't know who you told. but you need to step it  up,the police ,some one at school, if your in . school. if you need help. I'll help you just emil me.. click no my head over there to your left and it will . tell you how to contact me.well....i would say either people either think you are a drama queen (or king)...and "cry wolf alot".....its sad though..i am sorry..too many people or children are molested....our society is fucked up...and we spend all this time worrying about two guys getting married then brush things like molestation under the rug...i really am sorrysimple go to the county or city prosecutor or to a womans and childrens shelter  keep making a noise see  a school counselor or your priest or  any minister there is a lot of people out there that are able to help if your family doesnt ,,and olde dude ,,ps iwas molested as a child ,, good luckyou havent told the right people yet.  Call your local law enforcement or a sexual assualt hot line, usually found on the front page of your phone book. . God Bless
because it's not captivating news. The news wants dilemma, not solutions.I wonder who is brainwashing whom. Better look into the funding for the University of East Anglia.University of East Anglia???  Gee.. I'll take my climate data from a University and researchers somewhere a little more... esteemed... mmmkay?. . Not to mention that anyone can get funding from an oil company if they promise to put out a favorable report.  I know, b/c a colleague of mine was approached to do just that.Because there is not good enough evidence to report on.  There is not enough evidence if global warming stopped or if it has gotten worse.  The media has reported on some of the calculation mistakes made my people who were measuring the effects of global warming.  What the media is reporting on is the companies pushing for cleaner enviroments which is a small but progressive step.I just took this:. "The study finds that the number of “hot spots” has increased dramatically in the Northern Hemisphere in the last century compared to the past 1200 years – adding to the growing evidence of wide-scale global warming".. . from a news release on their site.
i'm not sure about that. i've answered several about marijuana this weeki have answered lots ,but not recentlywell, this one's still here, right?May be there was a grammar or spell problem, otherwise no reason to delete a question about that drug.. here if you search you can find more funny and dangerous question than Ma-juana.I really have no clue, but I would see no reason why they should do this.  Users can delete their own questions also, which may of happened.no i dont think anyone wants to answer those cause you the only one thats aking them but  would answer them gladly if i knew the answerYou know, it's funny.... . I just checked, and already I've forgotten!!. . Maybe they clicked on the bong thing.. . I mean, the WRONG thing.. . The stuff does cause short term memory loss, you know.. . (I feel the need to explain my own jokes sometimes, and I resent it...but with all the pot-smokers and otherwise dumb people on here).
3-24-06 Winkler had not been arrested or charged, but Selmer police and Tennessee Bureau of Investigation agents were on their way to Orange Beach AL to question her.. . She's not going to tell you why until she's found guilty (if she is). To say why now would make her look guilty to a jury. It's too soon to ask this question.We are all still waiting to hear why. Good defense would be child abuse.i dont know, but i did find an article on it for you:. . http://www.cnn.com/2006/US/03/29/pastor.slain.ap/index.html. . im gonna go read it too!Sorry. I don't know. Tell me when you find out.sorry have no ideaToo early to tell.  I'm almost possitive that it isn't an abuse case, because abuse women syndrome, the women generally call the police and wait for them, not take the children to be found three states away.
The long thin usu. unbranched part of a nerve cell that usu. conducts impulses away from the cell body.Try this:. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AxonA part of a nerve cellThe long central part of a nerve cell which transports the electrical impulses.
Well with their laser beams and gravitational adjusting flying saucers silly. Colonel Buckshot Strider told me so, it must be true.The Egyptians were perfectly capable of using the basic mathematics necessary for the construction and layout of most pyramids. Despite the superb accuracy of the layout and pTan, this was not impossible for them to achieve, nor did it require calculus. While no mathematical texts from the Old Kingdom survive, texts from the Middle Kingdom and Second Intermediate Period demonstrate a clear familiarity on the part of the Egyptians with basic arithmetic, geometry, and trigonometry.. . There is absolutely no evidence that alien help was needed to construct the pyramids, which were intended as tombs for Egyptian kings.. Some of the best evidence for human responsibility, and specifically Egyptian human responsibility dating to the 4th Dynasty, for the construction of pyramids comes from the site of Giza itself. Giza is the place most people think of when they think of Egyptian pyramids, though there are numerous pyramids in other areas of Egypt and Nubia and the Giza pyramids are by no means the earliest pyramids constructed in Egypt.. Also of significance are a number of inscriptions associated with the so-called "Great Pyramid" of Khafre at Giza. One of the inscriptions on a stone block making up the pyramid gives the name and regnal year of Khafre. Others bear the names given to crews of workmen responsible for moving the stone blocks into place. At least one of these inscriptions is located in an area almost impossible to reach - frequently the inscription is examined using a mirror - thus making it highly unlikely that it was a later addition.. . . . . . The pyramid is thought to have developed out of the mastaba tomb. Mastaba is an Arabic word, meaning bench, which was applied to the flat-topped, slope sided superstructures of tombs. The pyramid is also thought to be associated with solar worship and the "ben-ben" stone which played a major role in sun worship and was vaguely pyramid shaped.. . In the 3rd Dynasty, several mastabas were stacked forming the Step Pyramid of King Djoser. By the 4th Dynasty in the reign of Snefru attempts at building a true pyramid were underway. The pyramids of the 4th and 5th Dynasties, including those at Giza, essentially reflect the further refinement of the pyramid, the chambers within it, and the associated temple complexes. Eventually the standard style was an orientation of east to west (significant in Egyptian religion), with a pyramid temple, located directly on the east side of the pyramid, and a causeway leading to the "valley temple" located near the Nile at the edge of the cultivation.. While it is accepted by reputable Egyptologists that pyramids served as burials for kings, the exact details of the theology behind them remains unclear. One idea, popularized I believe by Dr. Mark Lehner, one of the foremost experts on Egyptian pyramids, is that pyramids served as "resurrection machines" providing all the necessary means for eternal life with the gods for the dead king.. In the late 5th Dynasty in the Pyramid of Unas at Saqqara, we have the first appearance of formal texts within the pyramid itself - the appropriately-named Pyramid Texts. These texts are somewhat esoteric and are essentially a collection of spells, stories, and guides relating to the Underworld. Initially these texts were limited to royalty. In succeeding pyramids, elements of the Pyramid Texts were included in the "Coffin Texts" of the First Intermediate and Middle Kingdom and in the "Book of the Dead" of the New Kingdom - texts available to a broad spectrum of society.. . Pyramid construction continued in the Middle Kingdom - again limited to royalty, but not on the grand scale of the Old Kingdom. The last known royal pyramids located in Egypt are that of King Ahmose, founder of the 18th Dynasty of the New Kingdom (ca. 1550 BCE) and the pyramid-cenotaph constructed for his grandmother, Queen Tetisheri. Both are located at Abydos.. . In the New Kingdom, pyWith rocks! Duh!. . . meh...no doubt they used a transciever levitational device and a few cans of oil
By firing squad. The prisoner's family receive a bill for the bullets. The prisoner's vital organs are then removed and sold for use in transplants.They are shot with a pistol in the back of the head, then the family is sent a bill for the bullet.firing squadYes - that is true - the family have to pay for the bullets and the cost of the firing teams' epenses.i do not know
Because the United States believes in giving every person a free and fair trial and works on the principle that a person is innocent until proven guilty. That is why Saddam is currently standing trial against allegations of war crimes and crimes against humanity.because even blood thirsty bastards needs to get a fair trial its part of the amenmentsbecause we are civilized and educated and we are not terrorist and murderers... but i believe when we catch Ben laden we should hang that ba******d by his b**l's from the nearest tree !!!!!!!!!!! everyone else deserves a fair trial before we hang them !!!!!!Because it would make a martyr out of him. Many 'terrorists' would kill to avenge his death, and the situation would be far worse than it is now.. Under International Law (which was never really applied to the situation), there was no cause to kill Saddam because he did not attack America. Weapons of Mass Destruction were never proved. It was also never proved that Saddam had anything to do with the 9/11 attacks - Saddam actually condemned them the next day!?!CUZ THEY ARE MEANIE BUTTS!!!Because western rules differ, in the fact that everyone is entitled to a trial, not just murdered as and when the leader of a country feels like itThe U.S. has a doctrine that states we will not assassinate any foreign government president and the like made into policy in 1976 by then President Ford.cause you can't just kill someone they still need to have a trial
This is taken from Encyclopaedia Britannica:. . A few days after Japan's announced surrender in August 1945, Bose, fleeing Southeast Asia, reportedly died in a Japanese hospital in Taiwan as a result of burn injuries from a plane crash.he was reportedly killed in a plane crash though many  theories and rumours about him living in an ashram as a sage somewhere in an ashram have cropped up.however recently a commision appointed by the Indian Govt for studying the issue came out with its report sayingthat netaji died in the plane crash in burma(myanmar).died in plane crash
Because sports figures are role models, teachers are just baby sitters.. . Sad ain't it.Sports figures generate HUGE somes of income for wealthy owners; and millions of people are willing to shell out hard-earned money to watch them play (i.e. the return on investment is very high).. . On the other hand, society simply does not have the same respect for its educators.because of all the advertising business and the money involve in their scorresponding sportsBecause Americans value entertainment more than things that matter.........as far as i know teachers, fire fighters and policemen are very well compensated.  Teachers where else can you get a part time job with full time pay.It is because sports figures accumulate a lot of wealth by other avenues, eg, sponsors, advertising sport products, which the sports companies get billions, a lot more than what they pay the sports star.  and how much money do you think a game will generate in ticket sales each time?? sport is a massive business and the players are the ones that make it that way. the sports figures are top in their field.  I know it does seem ridiculous that say a tennis player can still reap exorbitant amounts even if they lose the match! But then millions and millions would have been generated from that very match which go to other areas.  People say why are models paid so much money just for a photo?? Not fair that they are born with the looks and getting paid so much money for it?  well the answer is, they may get a million for a photo shoot, but their face sells a particular product, the company itself is making billions from the products, so a small consolation in comparison to the person who's face is advertising the product. Would you use your face for a small amount of money if you know the company is making billions from you?  I know teachers, doctors, police should be paid more for what they do, they deserve it, but i guess in this world their faces aren't known to the world and what they do doesn't generate enormous wealth, that is the fact of it.This can be modeled by a simple equation:. . In our society,. Entertainment > Education.Because we live in the age of celebrity, where it's cool to have a well publicised job that doesn't really do any good to anyone. The UK has some football (soccer) players that are on £100,000 a week, for kicking a pigs' bladder around a field. The more we buy into it, the more it grows!
It HAS to be global warming.  This is exactly what they said would happen!  The rain has been CRAZY here!!!  We broke some 102 year old record for most days of rain in March!!!  I'm ready for the sunshine to return.  Reduce, Reuse, Recycle.Yes I believe it is global warming.  Weather in Michigan is always crazy, but its getting worse.Yes it is global warming. It is also El Nino, which is happening more frequently these days due to global warming. Time magazine had a wonderful article about it in their last publication.It is definitely the El Nino effect as it causes conditions in California to become wetter and many people think it is associated with global warming.It's because of the El Nino effect in the Pacific. It doesn't happen every year. There was an intense El Nino in '98 and the Bay area had some extra bad weather in February of that year. Do not believe the media panic about global warming. There's not enough reliable history to prove it.
By boat.The previous poster obviously doesnt know where visalia is.  I dont think LA times is in the delivery area near Fresno. Try getting NY Times..I hear they deliver it all around US.Try http://www.latimes.com
I think you asking what it is so.... . April first was the pagan new year, when the christians came along, they said no, you're wrong and changed to "fool's day" becuase the pagans were "fools." Then they burned them at the stake and made a bunch of lies about them...Why not April Fools? It's fun.Its not clear but the article is interesting:. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_Fools%27_DayOrigin. The origin of this custom has been much disputed, and many theories have been suggested, e.g. that it is a farcical commemoration of Christ being sent from Annas to Caiaphas, from Caiaphas to Pilate, from Pilate to Herod, and from Herod back again to Pilate, the crucifixion having taken place about the 1st of April.....
The emperor is the country's leader overall; a shogun was more of a military leader, like a general.The shogun was the practical ruler of the country, who held military rule and practical command. The Emperor still *technically* was in control, but had no real power.they are almost the same thing i think
Because people are too opinionated and arrogant. They want to say what they think more than report the fact faithfully. They take advantage of the freedom of speech and turn it into a too to satisfy their self centered desire.Papers are now commodified because they write stories which represent the needs of their advertisers rather than the genuine news story.  They're more "view" (opinion) oriented than fact (news) oriented.
You dont even have your email up for people to contact you. If you rather do the initiating, if you find someone interesting, check if you can IM or email them and start from there.do you not email any one, or maybe you have broing stuff to talk aboutMaybe people wont email you because you are so boring...No afence. :-(Prolly cause u don't give out your email or cause ppl are busy or u should try emailing some1 and i'm sure they will email u back.... trust me on this, ppl love getting email so if u email some1 that some1 will email u back.Or U can Email me!!because they are stuck up, or forget,or just dont care.you need to give to peolpe or get friends!i will talk to u n be ur friend if u r so lonely.....find the right person 4 u like i should so im not so lonley....tell me ur e-mail and I willHey, if you want i can e-mail u, just e-mail me @ goofygirl4u11@yahoo.comwell...some people on here are real jerks if you were my friend and we talked online alot i would totally emaill you lol*shakes head*give out your emailbecause you ask these kinda questionsBecause u not sociallize with them or they don;t found u to be interest.join ebay.  The write me at least twice a day.well it depends if u even gave ur email out 2 ppl mayb  should email me @ amberfleming897@yahoo.comnot meawwwwwwww.......give you e-mailat or or you can email me at tonichilds09@yahoo.comBecause you have built a false social life on the internet. Get out there and meet real people, the only people who email me are people I did not meet on the internet.Because your profile doesn't give the option to "contact this user." Change your settings.because you are a freakin weirdo thats why. . . you dont need to get all butt hurt about itcus your aviator looks like a freak and thats how people judg on this thing
because the lord looked at you and felt happy... and the sun indicates that... . plus its april and summer is on its way! yay!Either because it's spring or global warmingBecause you awoke feeling happy and beautiful, so the day has to be beautiful. Life is Good!YES BECAUSE I AM STILL ALIVEhell yes everyday is great in my worldAs you are very fresh today ,so the day seems to you very beautiful.no, its supposed to be cold, no sun, and possibbly snow. . . . not beautifulIt's a beautiful day . But I don't see it that way . The sky's too bright . For my tired eyes to take . And I wish I was home . I'm edgy, cramped and coldit's God give...Yes.. . The sun is up and i have so many things to do. But it's alright. Its gonna be a good day. :)no... everyday just sucks ... I wish everything would end now...Because there are no storms approaching
Some are still be "collected"I think they buried them. Do you mean survivors?Most of them were sent to other places to live then they have gone back or some of them went backAlot are still waiting on a place to live (ie, tons of trailers just sitting there unused)that officials haven't got the nerve to bypass red tape and just give them to the people. And all the displaced people also haven't got the ability to vote in the next Louisiana elections which will continue despite the fact they aren't there. It has ceased to be of interest to the news channels so we don't hear anything about it anymore. If they were rich people, this would have never turned out this way.
Army tanks , military jets and supplies for war arent cheap..So what the government does is add extra fees or stupid taxes to make up for the billions of dollars for the war.Gas is a thing the government know we need no matter the price we will buy it so untill the war is over expect gas prices to keep climbingForbes Magazine recently reported the total net profits for all U.S. oil companies for about the last 25 years (don't remember the exact time window - might have been 20 years).  The TAXES the government took from gasoline sales GREATLY EXCEEDED all the oil company profits!  So.... who's really gouging the consumer?  Hmmmmmmmm.Don't know. Apparently they want to make their own contribution to the destruction of the U.S. economy.It's all part of the big plan. In the near future, we won't need gas, because there will be no jobsites to which to drive. Then the gasoline can be marketed to people who are earning money in the U.S. factories that have moved to China.Don't $teal,the government hates competitionIllegal conspiracy.I think you answered your own question... . The price of oil keeps getting passed on to the consumer.  Demand is very inelastic, so the companies can charge a lot of money, and increase their margins, and still sell a lot, resulting in more profits.gas comapnies buy from the oil producers and they the prices are determined from demand and supply. The current increase is due to harsh attitude of the US towards Iran. If the US takes a mad decision to invade Iran, like t did in Iraq, the gas prices will soar further.The gas price doesn't depend on how much money the oil companies are making - it is all about supply and demand.I repost my comment to the other gas question:. . Want to twist your brain? When oil was $6 a barrel, gas was $1 a galloon. Now it's $72 a barrel and it's around $3 a galloon. Don't worry, the US is going down in flames soon. Just wait until the world decides to no longer hold $$ in their banks. SHHHHHSSSSSSSBOOMBGREED!  But the oil companies can keep boosting prices since everyone need to burn gas for their vehicles, everyone will continue to still buy gas. Why, after Katrina, were so many prospective areas to put more refineries rejected -- to keep the number of refineries limited so that there could be a monopoly. Sounds like something Iran and Iraq would do, huh?
if you don't know then you don't need itBecause it is so hard to find.  it takes hours just to find a little bit of it.i don't know, wish i could help U!One reason is the shaky world.  When governments begin to not trust their neighbors, they worry about their money being devalued.  Gold, which is also referred to as a commodity, is hoarded.  People throughout time have adored, hoarded and buried gold.  When their paper money is worthless  ie.the confederate money during americas civil war,  gold will always buy them a loaf of bread survive.
Those newspaper companies will have archives. The easiest way to get it is to contact them. It should be a very painless procedure.Go to your local Library and they should have it on microfiche or micro film. If not check the paper ittself, meaning the Poteau Daily News, call them they may have it alsoTry contactin the producers, and ask if they do have the archives, is it that necessary to go way back. WOW!try your local library or the county librarytry your library.  sometimes they have old newspapers
They are all gathering to celebrate my birthday!!!!!maybe something to do with illegal immigration.    But on May 5 it is Cinqo de Mayo, a great celebration!stop working for one day!  to show the impact that they can have in our economy--- and its NOT just mexicans its immigrants from all over the world mexicans are just half of them.
Where?. . Snow falls almost every day somewhere on the surface of the planet.i had snow on may 18 th in 2002. in west. maYou must be from New Engalnd like me.It was snowing last week!Because the weather is badGlobal warming my patootie.because God forgot to wear a condom and pulled out of Marycause britain is crap wat else do you expect!!!!Its snowing in several parts of Britain, and its snowing out of perversity, I also saw a swallow today harbinger of spring!
The same as everybody else, life knows no color.ask michael jordan or oprah or will smith or samuel jackson or tiger woods or george foreman.. need i go on.. i would say its pretty good.What is the life of you today?. that is my answer...What???life is life...no colour can change the life of the person.The same as everybody else...if you how long they live. now about 72 years on average for men and 76 for womenThe life of any human being is what they choose to make of it. People should be glad that they're not from another planet because if they were then they'd either be treated like a frog in a Science class or destroyed.. What this country should be doing is getting rid of those two catagories that sets us all apart. Seniorities and minorities. This world is programmed to believe that because there are more of one race on this earth that those are the people that should run it. We're all the same. Let's run this world together in peace and harmony.fun and excitingWell like everyone black, White, purple or gray.  It depends on the person and his or her plight in the world.  My life is pretty good.  I grew up with my mom and dad until high school then they got divorce, then I worked for AT&T and I got married had children and I have a great house with a pool and drive a great cars.  Now not every black person or white, pink or purple person can say that. so I think your question needs to be narrowed down. to specify what class of people you are talking about.   Now if you want to get down to it the general black person always has to fight with their position in life but it's up to each individual as to how much they want to fight or flight those who hold thier ground with politeness and ambition they will see and get more then those who don't.. (oh by the way I am black)
I don't know exactly but I think that countries where "soft" drugs are legal, there crime rate is lower. Just as thing s like where there are no age restrictions on alcohol or lower legal ages for sex, they have less problems related to these things in those countries. You can't rebel if there is nothing to rebel against. That's my theory anyway.Marijuana has been decriminalized in the Netherlands for a. long time. However,I've heard in recent years their crime. rate has started to increase.i don't know, but this is a really good question.
Wow, we just studied this yesterday.. . The Treaty came about after the first World War, and was a way basically for the Allies to place almost all the blame entirely on Germany. The Treaty called for exorbitant reparations (around $20 billion in current dollars) and placed severe restrictions on German military and economy. What was a bigger contributing factor was the war itself; the combined war efforts of almost every superpower of the time left the world economically drained, and the labor demands and inflation reached their peak in the 1930's, leading to the Stock Market crash that ushered in the Depression.opw920 gets it pretty correct -- Germany had a ridiculously large amount of reparations to pay the UK and France.  If I remember my German history classes (in between bong hits in college), the UK and France were dependent on those reparation payments to pay off huge loans they had gotten from the United States during the war.  After the war the US lent money to Germany so they could keep their economy going while paying reparations.  So it wsa something like this:. . United States <---  France and UK  <---- Germany.      >-----  ------- ---------- ------------ -------- ------- ------^. . At some point (I think), US lenders balked at giving more loans to Germany, which caused the whole thing to fall apart and led to bankers jumping out of windows, since the US couldn't get interet payments back from France and the UK, since they couldn't get any more payment from Germany.  . . It wasn't the only cause of the Great Depression, but it was part of it.  I think.
They are European. It explains a lot of gay thing about them.Better question, why is it so expensive EVERYWHERE!  I am honestly very worried about it.Mainly from taxes.  The governments are trying to curb gasoline usage over there.  I think the prices for gas would be about the same if they lower taxes to the same level as in the US.Well for instance, they dont drive hummers and yukon xl's. that get 12 mpg, they give mini's that get 50 mpg.Taxes.  Add to that that Europe (from what I've heard from European friends) has far superior mass transit than the U.S.. . As for the WORLD WIDE price of oil, its a combination of things.  Supply vs. demand, the industrialization of China (and sudden mass consumption of oil), tensions in the Middle East (the biggest problem), Peak Oil fears and realities (actually a supply and demand issue), world stock market speculations...Because they are thiefs and belong in hellBecause their currency is not worth a damn.'cause there's not too much of it. Maybe they should start invading countries that have, as the States do... (some of them are actually learning how to, helping Bush invading Irak)
so guys like me can suck it hmmmmmmmWhatever.becuase we are not male that's why! are you stupid or something?Because guys have penises.That's not a real question, right?  It's a joke.. . Why are men not able to have BABIES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!not all the girls have one. your sister is an exception.Because we are too smart to have reproductive parts hanging outside for people to whittle on and swat at.
I plan to "duck and cover" under my desk as I was taught as a child.  That should be able to save us all.. . Either that, or we have to force our politicans to work for peace in the world.I plan to survive it by dying WAY before we go to WW III!Go hide in an underground bunker, with an adequate stock of sticks and stones - because those are the ONLY weapons that we would have left, to fight the World War IV with !YOU amaze me...you actually learned from History as not to repeat it!--sadly,our country has not...While we twiddle our thumbs,a madman is getting a nuclear device in Iran! Back in WW2,we twiddled our thumbs while Nazi Germany armed itself--THEN it was too late...THEN came Pearl Harbor! Before that,WW1 was supposed to be "The War to end ALL wars"...You are very wise...you see the danger coming...We are left with 2 alternatives...(1)-The next War WILL BE THE END OF WAR-FOR THERE WILL BE NOONE LEFT! (2)-There is a GOD who will intervene by FORCE and finally STOP the insanity for all time!...Scoff now--we won't scoff then when it starts...IRAN will invade ISRAEL...EUROPE will invade IRAN/ISRAEL and usher in WW3!!! Remember what I said...History will repeat itself...A "New Crusade" is coming-Muslims against Europeans!-Again,REMEMBER I TOLD YOU!...Watch World News!Have yourself put in a cryogenic tank and shot out towards the constellation of Orion - In a couple hundred thousand years the Ancients will pick you up and thaw you and you'll be happening again. . of course it'll cost you a bundleABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ now, did you learn anything?In world wars one and two there weren't enough weapons on the planet to wipe out all non microbial life on the planet.  Stay a civvie and when the nukes start flying either head to a lunar colony or deep underground and eventually sire the vault dweller who will defeat the master and retrieve the holy GECK.
You wouldn't want to do that.The reprodution of a Federal Reserve Note (money) is illegal & punishable by U.S. law.  Doing so can secure you prison time comperable to manslaughter.. . Besides, U.S. money isn't printed on paper.  It's cotton.You cannot replicate the paper necessary to achieve a successful counterfit.do you mean before you go to jail?  or after you get back from jail for printing currency?  did you know that you can't even photo-copy money?DO NOT ATTEMPT THAT, unless they are your own design not us or any other currency, in which case you use a high DPsI printer and security paper found easily online, yahoo search itEven if you do, atleast do it to euro's, USD does not worth much anymore and the rate is gunna keep goin down.
WE COME HERE TO WORK THERE'S NO DOUBT IN THAT.. WE DON'T COME TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF USA LIKE SOME PEOPLE SAY, AND WHY ISN'T IT FAIR FOR YOU THAT IMMIGRANTS GET THE SAME RIGHTS AS CITIZENS DO. WE WORK OUR BUTT OFF ALL YEAR NOT LIKE SOME CITIZENS THAT WORK HALF A YEAR AND THEN COLLECT UNEMPLOYMENT, WE CANT DO THAT BECAUSE WE ARE NOT LEGAL SO WE HAVE TO WORK ALL YEAR NO MATTER WHAT.  ALSO SOME PEOPLE SAY THAT WE COLLECT WELFARE, WELL THOSE PEOPLE SHOULD INVESTIGATE FIRST BECAUSE IN ORDER TO COLLECT WELFARE OR FOOD STAMPS YOU NEED A LEGAL SOCIAL SECURITY AND WE DON'T HAVE THAT SO HOW COULD THEY EVEN SAY THAT WE COLLECT IT IF THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE.  ALSO HAVE YOU ASKED YOURSELF WERE DO ILLEGAL TAXES GO TO SINCE THEY TAKE IT OUT OF THEIR PAY CHECK BUT THEY NEVER COLLECT ANYTHING AT THE END OF THE YEAR BECAUSE OF THEIR STATUS.Sometimes, poor people cannot achieve their green card and what ever else they need to live here in the U.S. but they come here because they know that they will get a better life, and get more money!They are just people who want to work and a better life. Hoo and by the way it is not imagrints it is immigrants."Mexicans work what Americans won't". they do it this way because they can't do it another... and yes, the US is a good place, that way they piked it, to live the "American Experience" (&). but think about this, is this people was not here many of the work that is necesary to have this country in the place it is, is because the number of people they are working on it!. with out them, the US won't be so good, in certain wayIt is very hard to get an American Visa as they call the United States of America Visa. Even as tourist it is almost impossible if you do not have a good job, properties, and savings account. In Latin America we are suffering not finding jobs, and if you find one the pay is very small, for example in my country the minimum salary is US$150.oo per month. You can not have a decent life with that monwy only for yoy, think about people that have three or more children, they have to pay rent, food, school, transportacion. Those are some of the reasons why people go to USA illigally, they want a better life even if they have to live like animals in the beggining. They are trying to get a better future for them and their families. . If the goverment put a new plan for seasonals workers or skilled workers it would be great for many people, and also for your country because this people are going to pay taxes when they are wiorking legally.Because we let them!  If we hadn't of left the door wide open and did something about it a long time ago, we wouldn't be spending all this money today trying to stop it!They're here for money and the protection of the American government in the form of welfare, hospitals, free education, etc.  I have no problem with them coming to the US but I think they should do it legally.they might come illigally, but best to belive that their a$$ will work like slavesI hope you don’t take offence to this but that is just straight up ignorance. Immigrants built this country. The Europeans that first came to America were extremely successful at  “taking advantage” of the Native peoples. When the immigrants from Europe came here across a similar body of water to “taking advantage of” another peoples country did anyone call them “illegal Immigrants”. When the American government went into Mexico during the Spanish-American war to take the portion of the country we now call CA,TX etc…. did we think twice about “illegally immigrating” to Mexico. If you think about It, who is to say that one human cant come to a place were other humans are. Regardless of cultural background all people should have equal rights. I believe that it is unfair to judge the legality of other humans place in society by there ethnic background. Further more who are we to say that a parent with a bunch of kids will have to let them starve to death because the government here in the US wont let the father work. That the family wont be able to put a meal on his familys table, clothes on there back, maybe the common possessions that we Americans take for granted because boarder patrol wont let them take jobs me and you would never think about applying for. “Thats my opinion.”.  . -shamar ph.D.They SHOULD come here legally, my husband is form Mexico and he had to work(and pay) hard to get his papers. He loves the U.S.A. and feels as I do. It's not fair to other people from country's even poorer than Mexico, they don't even have a chance, some places people are STARVING TO DEATH!K, first they might be in a situation where they need to get out of there country. Another reason could be that the want a place better for them self and/or children. If a women maybe the want a better life than in Mexico,England,Iraq,India they want to become something. Men there could be multiple reasons.Some immigrants come here illegally because they are undesirable.  they would not qualify as legal immigrants because they have no skills or education. the only way for them to get here is to run across the desert.
The main geopolitical issue is that by attacking Iran you risk inciting the rest of the Arab world.  Aside from oil, Iran doesn't have much of anything we want.. . A huge difference in the histories of Iran and Iraq lie in their national identities.  Iran's goes back hundreds of years but Iraq was manufactured by western governments after WW2.The big difference between iran and Iraq is that Iran is 100% antiamerican.  In Iraq there was significant support for regime change among Kurds and Shiites who were getting screwed by Saddam.  This is not true of Iran. They are also a much larger country with many more people that Iraq. As for oil you pretty much nailed it.1. Oil. 2. The desert
Hi,. If it is serious tell the teacher in private. If it's not serious...walk away.you can't tattle on everythingbecause your a tatle tale loser
Because it is run by the government.. . Think about it - what has the government ever done that was good, functional and efficient.Because it's run by the government.cuz it can't blow?because it's where the truly mediocre political favors ended upThis disaster was so big - nobody could have handled it. You can have fire drills all day long, but until you're in the fire (or hurricanes in this case) you never really know what's going to happen. . . A lot of people did a lot of things wrong in this disaster. Goverment - at all levels - city, perish, state, and federal. Citizens. Media. Business. But a lot of people did things right. Many being the same people. But the media doesn't tell you about the good stuff. . . Anyway - there's  a LOT of good people working at FEMA. They put themselves in harm's way to help in times of disaster. They've taken a lot of abuse from the Dept. of Homeland Security, the media, and the public. Many of these groups being the very things that has kept FEMA from being able to do their jobs.. . There have been different groups throughout the history of the US that have assisted with disasters. But FEMA (as we know it) was signed into existance 1979 as a part of the Robert T. Stafford Act.the Federal government is a poor manager of anything , the government has no business managing anything . Government is a spastic mess and can't stick to a budget . Every branch of the government has no check and balance system so they are always running amuck . When any organization has one hand that doesn't know what the other hand is doing the organization is doomed to fail .FEMA sucks because when the Nat'l Guard and the armed forces are called out, they can basically take over the country.  Read some articles about it by searching for it at Ask.com.Iknowwhereyouliveman is right.  but it probably would've sucked anyways, because that is the only organization that could be blamed for what happened on New Orleans, and even if its funding would not have been slashed somebody would still have to have the finger pointed at them in the end, and FEMA would have been in its path anyways.George Bush reorganized it and placed it under Homeland Security. It was changed from a cabinet level agency to a mere division of another agency. Then Bush slashed it's funding by over 75% to pay for the Iraq war.
Like everything in America, there is more demand for diesel so pople are willing to pay more for it, even though it is the cheapest thing to produce. Without diesel, The world would stop. Semi trucks use it, Airplanes use a certain grade of it, locomotives use it, construction companies,too- so they can charge $10 per gallon for it and people will still buy diesel.Well here where I live in Canada, diesel fuel is less expensive than unleaded.I thought it was cheaper.It used to be cheaper, but its more expensive now because so many people wanted diesel engines in their cars.... . Its more expensive because gallon by gallon your car will travel further...It is cheaper, and it burns less than unleaded.
With ethnic cleansing.. . People need to let go of their age old hatreds and the likelihood of that happen are about as equal as the sky turning green permenantly.Everybody should just realize that everyone is different and it makes no sence to hate someone because of it.  Shading in skin has nothing to do with anything!  Flowers and animals are all different colors, so are people!  It's just natural.  Religions were meant to teach people to be good.  Go back to what the origins of your religion taught.  Love, don't hate.  The entire world will benefit if we spend time, energy and resources productively instead of wasting it hating each other.Ethnic, racial, and cultural differences can best be resolved through exposure, experience, and education.. . I have been around the world and experienced many cultures. I found that the deeper I can be emmersed into various cultures, the more I have appreciated them. I found the same with many others.. . Soldiers stationed in Germany that spend time getting to know the culture and the people tend to enjoy their overseas tour a lot more than those who spend more time on their posts, restrict their exposure to primarily other Americans, and consider going to "tourist attractions" to be their cultural emersion. The latter tend to hate their overseas tours.It is hard to let go of the past and most people probably don't really want to. You know how the saying goes those who forget their past are doomed to repeat it. I really dont think that we will be able to get over our differences for a while. It took 400 years to free slaves so dont expect for things to come to gether only 100 years later. I do believe in a far away future it can happen but as of now we are different and those differances are quite obvious to me.By not classifying the worlds population in accordance by race. Ethnic differences or discrimination exists because of discrimination being used as leverage....look what happened with Cynthia McKinney this week in Washington.
That's what they do.  The don't have enough people or weapons to attack military targets, so they get much more bang for their buck going after a bunch of people sitting around at cafes.. . And the fact that people all over the world are aware they did it shows that it's pretty darn effective.  Getting blown up by these nasty people is in the back of most people's minds.. . I still get a little freaked out whenever I see an airplane flying low.  There are lots of people out there who want to hurt you and your family.  It's messed up.Because they have no conscience.  They feel that they are good and Westerners are evil-all Westerners.  Egypt is an ally of America, so they are trying to scare Egyptians into breaking ties with us.Because they are cowards, and cowards always go after innocent and/or defenseless people.Because terrorists are Idiots.cause they isnt enuf of them to kill each other.That's the whole point to terrorism. To them, it is better than doing it to soldiers. They're all cowards though.Maybe because they only want to be the rulers of the world.they are just cowards.I guess they cant just stand common man leading a peaceful life as they are very jealous and cannot stand peace
Why not go to the police department where he was arrested?  They would have a record of his crime, reports, etc.you can go or write to the news paper company where it happened ask them to look it up and you can buy a copy of itIf you mean newspaper articles, try typing his name with parenthesis in Google. . . For example, "Jane Doe".
Well maybe with the your cousin being 13 the news sees this to be tragic because he is young and he died. Where as your older cousin at 40 he has live almost a half century and alot of people die his age. It is more appealing to the community or news watchers per say that thay share a story about a kid dying then some older man.I'm very sorry for your losses.  But to answer your question, there are certain things that make the news for certain reasons: timeliness (is it recent), proximity (is it close to home), consequence (if you don't know about it, you could pay for it), conflict (opposing sides), prominence (public figure), human interest (something all people can understand), usefulness (how can you use it), novelty (fun, quirky news) and deviance (weird stuff).. . My best guess is that the editors of the news media decided your 13 year old cousin's death would appeal to a larger audience.  They have to pick and choose what will make the news.  It's cold, but that's how they get people to read the paper/tune in to their news channels.. . I send my condolences.. . short 'n sweet
If your newspaper has a website. My town's newspaper has a site and they put all the things that were in the newspaper on their site.Try finding the local newspaper that published the obituary, and hopefully they'll have a website. If they do, do a search on their website in back issues. Good luck!
Try the local library in the town that the paper was published in.  Most libraries keep old newpapers on file.Yup the library or try the newspaper itself...it seems like they would have an archive of their old papers...good luck searching
It's just the allure of the different. Like how lots of my female friends will do anything for an Irish accent! (of course, not every different is good-different; sorry brummies and scousers! :-)Because we find the various accents sexy.  I'm partial to the Irish accent myselfqueens english,even in jamacia,sounds classy.and i have heard cockney too.all goodI don't know about posh but, an English accent on a girl drives me crazy. I don't know why but, the same thing goes for Russian, French, Spanish, Italian, Greek, African, Jamaican, Australian............................Its not so much the accent as hearing English being spoken...When I was a kid, hearing it on television, I thought it was pretty cool. I grew up in a small town, and had never met anyone form anywhere but the US and Canada. When my sis married an English gent, it was cool for a while, but then it became less interesting. I think the most interesting aspect was the differences in pronounciation of certain words (aluminum, advertisement) more than the accent. When I was in high school, all that listening paid off. I had a friend from Australia, and I would fake an English accent so I could get into bars with her. I did get busted a few times. Now that I've matured, (well, at least now that I'm older) I get the shivers and shakes when I hear French. I don't care what they guy's saying, I just love the language.Well, Americans think that Londoners either speak the Queens English like a twat or are cockney working class pearly kings and queens.. . However, Americans often confuse my twang as Aussie!?!?!?. . All down to educating people to regions just like in the US but also depends on their exposure to different cultures or lack of.Its the same fascination that Some German women have with Black Americans.  Its something of a change.  When your used to something so long it becomes boring. So, some, not all Americans have a fascination with the English accent. Some think it sounds weird, funny, interesting, some even find it to be attracting, or erotic. Me, tend to think of it as just another aspect of life. Mainly because im used to hearing all types of dialect when concerning the English language. Im here in Germany so im able to experience many types of ethnicities speaking english and they all sound different. I love to hear a Spanish Woman from Spain talking english to me.....its not just Engish accent its aneyone thats not AmericanBecause we as humans are attracted to the unfamiliar. It helps if you're hot. Hell, you could speak tribal click-clack language and still rake the fellas in. Plus there's a turn-on in not really understanding what a beautiful woman is saying anyway. Another bonus, we can't be held liable for not listening to you when there's a breakdown in communication.coz when they come to the UK they've probably never heared anything like it!!! So sometimes they like to take the Mickey out of use!!!because we have so many different accents in england: yorkshire, liverpudlian, cockney, ect. and they are all so different. :D
In terms of gas prices at the pump its becuase its costing the  service station owner more momey to purchase the gas so having to increase the prices.. . I think the gas prices in the surrounding gas stations also have a bearing on what the price of gas will bethere is a $20 premium on gas so if they think we are going to invade iran it will go up, if they fear another hurricane will hit it will go up. if there is a problem that will create the supply of gas to decrease then they will increase the pricesbecause of the law of supply and demand. also the whole Iraq thing. anyway why worry because their isn't anything you can do about itbecause it does.Your assumption about items such as corn is incorrect.  Corn is a commodity and its price does in fact fluctuate every day.  Check the Chicago Board of Trade and Commodities markets.  Gasoline is also a commodity and its price fluctuates every day because of that (people bid on commodities and their futures.)
Do you really want to be friends with someone who talks about you in a negative way to other people? Rather than tell her to stop...a meaningless request, because she doesn't have to comply, and probably won't...why don't you just find another friend...someone who will be loyal and true?You have to confront her and tell her to stop talking about you and your private stuff,, and a real friend wouldn't talk about their friends behind their backs..You cant tell her whatever you want, but she won't stop unless she wants to. I don't think she's a good friend to keep.Show her 1 Timothy 5:13.  She can then learn what God thinks about those who gossip.. . "At the same time they also learn to be unoccupied, gadding about to the houses; yes, not only unoccupied, but also gossipers and meddlers in other peoples affairs, talking of things they ought not."If your friend talks behind your back, then its time to re-evaluate your friendship with her.. . A good friend work out issue and help one another, talking behind someone's back does not fall into that category.. . Its time to confront your friend to let her know what she did that upset you, and get ready to say "Goodbye, its nice meeting you" if she gives you any hard time~confront her and tell her if she wants you to remain friends she will have to stop becus you don't trust her any longer.first of all, if she is talking about you behind your back, then stop calling that person your friend.  A friend would NOT do that.  Second, distance yourself from her and find some friends who can appreciate you and respect you for who you are. . . You don't need friends like her.  Get rid of her.
Nobody has come up with a viable answer..and well..I did not know her and that way before I was born too !!It was her STEPmother. OJ did it. Robert Blake did it. Lizzie did it. We know it in our guts. We just can't prove it.it's like the tootsie roll pop, the world will never knowLizzie Andrew Borden (July 19, 1860 – June 1, 1927) was a New England spinster who was tried for the brutal axe murders of her father and stepmother in the late 19th century. Although she was acquitted, she has remained a notorious figure, and dispute over whether she was guilty continues to this day.I think she did, but no one will ever know for sure. There is a great book called "The Cases That Haunt Us" and it's all about famous 'unsolved' cases, like Lizzie Borden, the Lindbergh Kidnapping, the Zodiac Killer, the Black Dahlia, etc. It's an excellent book!Yes she did,she took an axe and gave her dad 40 whacks,when she had seen what she had done she gave her mom 41.Lizzie Bordon took an ax and gave her father 40 wacks . when she saw what she had done she gave her mother 41.. . The year was 1894, it was a high profile case as the bordens had money. In a highly contorversal case lizzie was aquited but it is widely thought that she did it, kindof like the OJ Simpson case.
There are serial stalkers who prey upon people who do nothing wrong but put their info on the internet. I'm a private investigator and you would be shocked how little I need to know about you to find you.identity theft, duhcose they are personalBesides Identity theft, there are a lot of weirdos out there, lurking, to use and abuse innocent people.. So keep your cards close to your vest. . It pays to be safe.Whatever information you place on the internet is etched into cyberspace forever. The information could come back to haunt you.It is dangerous..coz somebody might watching u and in one click ur all peronal data will be lost especially your money in e-banking...Identity theft and predators.
adjust to what?Do you adjust to tornadoes?They buy really sturdy furniture.I do not think that they adjust to earthquakes.  That would be like adjusting to huricanes or tornadoes.  I think it is more of taking what God sends our way and dealing with it.  Earthquakes can be just as deadly as huricanes or tornadoes and they should never be taken lightly.ride them out like a wave. they get fun after a while
Yay! Another activist! Lets see I... donated to the ONE foundation, bought a bracelet, signed the declaration, haven't deleted one of the ONE e-mail,and I just agree with Bono's plea's for money for AIDS and poverty in Africa.No one will ever be as good as BONO babyThe only thing Bono inspires me to do is think of 1982, which is when he got stuck creating new music...Everthing he has come out with since then sounds exactly the same.. . Yes, I give a ton, for the record...I volunteer in my community on a regular basis...I help old ladies get their groceries on the bus...I encourage kids to shine like they're meant to.  I don't need some famous guy to tell me to.  I do it because it's what we're meant to do here, and it is rewarding.. . One of my favorite quotes is from JFK's inaugural speech.  I'll repeat it here, not because I "need a famous guy to inspire me", but because it echoes how I feel:. . "...With a good conscience our only sure reward, with history the final judge of our deeds, let us go forth to lead the land we love, asking His blessing and His help, but knowing that here on Earth, God's work must truly be our own..."yeah i am inspired to help when i look at BonoActually.....I'm Bono, ssshhhhhhh, please don't tell anybody
Sadly we live in a politically correct world where offending someone is totally unacceptable. The fact is cheerleaders are suppose to be young, pretty, energetic, girls with great bods. Fat ugly girls just don't qualify to be on the cheerleader squad but maybe they could qualify for the foot ball team. I've seen some cheerleaders that look like they would be better linebackers.Probably to avoid a "discrimination" lawsuit.  Just don't let her try to be the top of the pyramid.There was a single girl on the varsity whestling team at my high school.  At first it was a stigma for her, but by the end of the season she started to grow facual hair and fit right in ......hardly noticable.there wasw a chunky girl on our squad when i was in high school , she really was good too,. the girl must know what she is doing because it is really difficult to make the team if you cannot do the routine and stunts.To make your life (or lackthereof) hell.Well, they were probably trying to be nice and do her a favor, although in the long run it may be bad for her with all the ribbing she is likely to get from people like you.
the fish forgot how 2 fly. it got drunk and was thrown off the planeOccassionally the contents of a pond can be scooped up by a very bad storm anf fall out of the sky somewhere else, so you hear reports of it 'raining' fish, frogs or whatever...Wow I didnt know anything about that..thanks for the info.A hurricane. A hurricanein the ocean made a water spout. this water spout contained fish. The fish stayed in the huricane due to the hight winds pushing up. When the hurricane got waker it could not hold up the fish. this they fall.. . Yes, it can happen againWhen a tornado reaches a river or a lake, it pulls up the fishes to high altitudes in the sky and they will fall down in another place.. Yes, it may happens again but not on the same point.
He should get f+++@@ every day of his dreadful life in jail by a huge ugly man named Skinny Frank. Then again who know he might like that.nothing it just thats how god made them and you cant change that its not in our hand to punish any one its the god who punish them all we can do is keep are kids away from people like that okit depends on if your famous or notthey should be put in jail for a long time,until they can't remeber what they did,cuz if u put them in jail for a while and then they get they'll just go back out and do it all over again..................or whateva they should get punished harshly!Jail.  And the other jailers sometimes kill, torture or molest them!  Child molestors are very ill in the head!IMMEDIATE DEATH!!!!!!!jail of course. some go for life. it depends on how many kids has done it too. i think they shoul go to jail for lifeit depends on the case. if the child was actually raped, the fukker should be tortured, but u have 2 kno the whole truth 1st.JAIL TIME, REGISTERED UNDER MEGANS LAW AND COUNSELINGNot harsh enough!!They should go to jail for how ver long the sentence is and never be allowed to the child anymore.I don't know what it is...but it's definitely not enough cuz every time I read the new it seems like there's a new sex offender just released...whats with that????not sure legally but in my mind i would put him/her in a room with a group of parents and let them do as they please i do not believe in the death penalty as this is a quick way for sickos and prison is more of a holiday than naything then they get out and get a new life....  what about the poor children?sargeloda hit the nail on the head. I believe that almighty buck speaks louder than true justice! . . I don't think that the punishment that child molestors receives is good enough. They need to be behind bars for LIFE we don't need some sicko like that roaming our neighborhoods. There is nothing more alarming than getting a notice from the police stating that there is a child molester living in our neighborhood that was just released from prison. That's spooky! . They strike once, they are going to strike again! . . I just don't understand it. They just don't spend enough time behind bars.Should be lynching, but with most democrat liberal facist judges they walk.
Ummmmm..... Do you wanna get me a bday present? My birthday is on wednesday.gee, thanx...its allright, all my problmes r solved now ^_^Too late! Oh, well.hey my b-day was on the 30th and super milk chan is already getting a guitar from meVERY EARLY BDAY is what I have to say.How do you give 10 points to someone?
Visual communication is easier in these types of situations because it helps to provide context as well as specifics.  With pie charts or heliographs you can see the big picture as well as the minute details. It also can provide extra information besides just that which the writer wants to bring to attention.A pie chart or graph gets the point across easier.
This means the driver has the "learning licence of driving this vehicle". It is given for a short time. Real licence is only given upon succesful completion of the learning licence period.L = learner. P = new driverTo advice others to be cautious of the Learner driving in front of themwow i didnt even know that oneL means Learner.. . It is placed on a learner's car so that other motorists driving near or around the learner take extra caution. It's helped reduce the accidents on our roads.L stands for LOKI. HAHAHA.....the L stands for LearnerL stands for loser. thats y...
I don't know, I forgot already.They were unsafe because they were built with poor building materials.I believe you'd get a lot more information if you would Google the answer for yourself.GW Bush blew it up!Because people flew fucking PASSENGER PLANES FULL OF PEOPLE into them!Were you asleep on the day it happened? it was due to terrorismAn airplane crashed into it.Because it is the starting point of collapse of world peace.massive structural damage secondary to large planes slamming into them causing fires with massive heat.some bad men drove an airplane into them those bastardsBecause there was a lack of fire retardant material sprayed onto the internal steel structure, and when the planes crashed the intense heat melted the welds on the steel beams, this then made an entire floor drop onto the floor below, and then the heat and the weight forced the next floor to drop and so on.. . The Towers where designed to be able to withstand an air crash but unfortunately, planes and the fuel holding capacity had increased from when the towers were designed and built.Their structural integrity was compromised when two airplanes were crashed into the twin towers. Points of impact paired with searing heat etc... You do the maths.I think you have been living on the moon, under a rock, with your eyes closed, and your fingers in your ears.. Thats just an ignorant question to make people think of that when the answer is everywhere.
You could google him . . {"Yorky Smith" "Country here"} all of this on the search bara bigraphy website
tmladenka:. You got to be KIDDING with that answer. That is about the most ingnorant thing I have heard so far on here.When America will stops meddling in the middle east's affairs...simple. Stop trying to impose American culture and values in their countries.Two Answers.... . 1) From the Muslim's point of view: the violence will stop when they have total control and possession of Israel (with no resistance).  It is ALL ABOUT THE LAND.  They want the Jews out.. 2) What is GOING to happen?....  The Jews will sign a peace treaty with a powerful man, and there will be peace for 3 and a half years, until this man breaks his treaty with the Jews and attempts a world-wide aniliation of them.  Then after another 3 and a half years of Hell on earth, Jesus will come back.  THEN the violence will be over.. . That was a good question.  By the way Jesus died and was raise from the dead for your sins.  If you believe this, then you will have eternal life.
I usually drive my car. Or, if I'm going up to the little corner store, then I walk.By moving in circles.Um... I drive my car...Be friendly, be humble and watch your 'steps'.
Im here! and Im Indian!Kem cche?I DON'T THINK SO.. I CAN SEE ALL YOU INDIANS ARE FLOODING YAHOO.. AND WHOLE WIDE WORLD...What is the question? Ah yes, why are so few Indians here. Answer-I don't know. I'm here.namaskar.. bharat mein log bhooke hain, pehene ko kapde nahi hain, how do u expect them to use the internet? besides ur really lucky to be a part of the top 40% of the nation, 60% of them are busy cultivating wheat.bhai mere there arent less indian here its just that bcoz of ids u dont realize that they r indiansHi Gaurav. . There are so many Indians in the Yahoo answers in different sections.. . Amit
Sounds like you have issues...... I suggest some professional help. Call the men in little white coats to come and take you away :)man , i heard of bad english , this is gibberish ! stop smoking that stuff man ..
you automatically are. you just have to log in and start answering questions.Just add another yahoo address.yeah, look for the page sign up on the of yahoo page or yahoo mail n and sign up okby stuffing an entire apple in your mouthwhen you go the yahoo home page type yahoo answers in the search engine.Then click on the first link to yahoo! answers. Go 2 someones ? and then a screen will prompt you to log in on the other account*simple*
You need to register (free) on their site in order to read the archived articles.  "It's free. Try our quick and easy registration for stories more than a week old."Maybe listening in class would have helpedYou forgot your glasses?  You forgot to attend school?. . But, seriously go here:. . http://archives.seattletimes.nwsource.com/web/you should have paid attention in school.oh hell,i guess you will need to get someone to read this to you.the main Seattle pap per is the "Post Intelligencer",not the times
because the Muslims are involved in 90% of all the trouble spots in this world, and the Quran says to spread the teachings of Mohammed by fire and swordUnfortunately there are a number of (self claimed) Muslim groups who have a disproportionate affect on what people think of Muslims.. . I would also have to say that there is a less than forthright attitude to condemnation from the Muslim establishment when an act is committed.. . I really feel for the moderate Muslims stuck in the middle of this but, unfortunately, a fair bit of the prejudice is generated from groups within Islam.. . Peace outbecause we could not change the mind of peoplebecause while the New Testament of the Western Bible changes the relationship with God from a punisher to a compassionate lover, the Q'ran plainly and directly instructs the killing of apostates in several verses which are routinely quoted every day by Western lawyers fighting for refugees asking for asylum from countries using Islamic law (sometimes Shariah law, sometimes not). . "O' ye that believe, take not Jews and Christians as your friends and protectors" (Qur'an, Surah 5:54)". . "Fight and slay the pagans wherever you find them. Seize them. Beleaguer them, and lie in wait for them" (Qur'an, Surah 9:5). . blah blah blah. There are tonnes more quotes like this. Loving Muslims exist but they must reinterpret or flatly ignore a great amount of instruction from the Qu'ran to reach such a state. The Qu'ran really lends itself much easier to those inclined to violence. Enormous liberties are required to interpret the New Testament the same way, hence the general ridicule and loss of credibility for violent Christians.. . It's not just the West you know, it's the East too. . . http://www.hinduunity.org/articles/islamexposed/islamterror2.html. . That's why.. . Thinking of responding? Check out this article first on contradictions http://answering-islam.org/Quran/Contra/I hope there's just a little translation difficulty and you mean "why does the west view the Muslims as terrorists?"  I hope so because that is the question I am going to answer.. . I don't think the west views the Muslim religion as a big group of terrorists.  It is the portion of Muslim people that take only a certain part of this religion, and become insanely extreme in their belief of that certain part that anyone not Muslim should be killed, that are viewed as terrorists.. . It is the same with any religion.  Hitler, for example, wrote his own book of religion.  Hitler was crazy!  He killed millions of people because they did not agree with the same religious beliefs that he had.  Saddam Hussein and other extreme Muslim leaders have been as evil as Hitler, both toward their own people and toward citizens of other Countries.  Hussein and other extreme Muslim leaders have inflicted unspeakable terror and acts of horror on their own countrymen and women, filling mass graves with thousands upon thousands of Muslim people.. . It's my humble opinion that no one with respect for others has anything against the people of the Muslim faith; however, it is difficult to know who is and who is not an extreme fanatic.  That does not apply only to Muslims, but also to fanatical Christians and other religions.  Any crazed and fanatic sect that is willing to follow a maniac for a leader should be stopped as soon as they demonstrate any act that tells the world they are dangerous and the maniac leader should be hunted down and put in jail for life.. . There has to be understanding, acceptance and respect on all sides in order to stop this madness of war and see one another as just people who believe differently.  BUT, no one in the world should allow a crazed maniac to kill millions, to do terrorist acts (such as the World Trade Center).  In this, we should all ban together to rid the world of these maniacs, no matter where they live.. . I have nothing against Muslims.  I don't know anyone that has anything against Muslims.  I don't know anyone that believes ALL Muslims are terrorists.  But, I do have a lot of hard feelings against Hussein, bin Laden and others like them who would see all Christians dead and who even torture and kill their own people even if it means they take their own life in order to kill others.take a real look at the history of Islam. Even Mohammad spread his religion by military means.maybe because you are ?   "quack-quack". . how many times do we have to watch our flag burned as muslims chant "death to America" before we think your all terrorists ?We hear all the time about how representatives of Muslim say that Islam is about peace, but all examples of their actions we see is about war, intolerance, and a superiority complex.  You can call it ignorance, but we haven't really heard anything about the religous people themselves expressing pacifism or uniting against terrorists.  As far as the west can see, the leaders of Islam are those that rule the theocratical governments that support terrorists under table while saying empty words of peace and discontent at the actions of the West.  The theocracies censor all messages from their religous leaders that express a doctrine other than gov't doctrine.  Therefore the west identifies muslims with the terrorists and corrupt gov't that speak for the muslim people.  The truth is also because the terrorists uses the disguise of normal people and the only thing many of them have in common is that they're muslims.  It is shear ignorance, but you can't deny a little truth.Many in the West look to Muslims as terrorists because many people who claimed to be following Islam have performed terrorist acts recently.  I doubt if intelligent people in the West really believe that ALL Muslims are terrorists, but we are certainly more cautious of Muslims than we were a few years ago.since usa attack IRAQ and AFGANSTAN and whan the usa army abuse IRAQ'S PEOPLE.YOU SHOULD ASK . (WHY THE MUSLIMS DID'T LOOK TO THE WEST AS TERRORISTS???)If he doesn't see the mass conversion of native peoples in North and South America as being forced, then what is it?  They wanted a gentler kinder god?poor education - we europeans are very insular and anyone "different" from us must be wrong. I know 99.99% of muslims aren't terrorists but we must educate our children and encourage sharing our communities together so that we can respect each other's waysBecause they cowardly attack civilian targets. What would you a person that detonates himself in a crowded market of innocent people shopping for food, or flies airplanes into buildings full of people who have done nothing wrong.It's not so much that we look to them as terrorists, but when you turn on the news and they are exploding their bodies on TV and killing people, what would you think?  When you hear about how, "Alla is great" as they drive a plane into the ground killing people, what would you think?  When you hear about these countries that harbor and encourage them, what would you think?  I can't think of one Christian group that has gotten together to wage a holy war against anyone, have you?  When was the last time you saw a Christian set off a bomb that he had strapped to his chest as he walked into Isreal?
who knows, someone just felt like celebrating perhaps? we do it all the time, set off random fireworks.There were fireworks last night in my neighborhood because the highschool was having graduation.might be a prank or a gift for someone
Local sherrifs web sight should show a link.. tYpe in Megans law and your state on yahoo.. . here i got it for you. www.megans-law.net/on your search bar type in megan's law and it will give you the site. and then scroll down to the area to search by city or zip ect.. If you cant find that then just call the local police dept non em. and they should be able to tell you.by bringing out little girls as bait. Im sure those f*ckers will do whatever it takes to show up.why ?. so you can beat them up?. Sometime the state make the crime more serious then it look. Maybe it might be a best idea for YOU to go ACTUALLY MEET him, Like I have. They are working HARD to re entering the socity and this list is making it hell for them.. didn't someone say "don't judge until you walk in their shoes". You might want to bring another neigbor. ask your neigbor. 1) how long ago was it (if it more then 5 years ago then it is very unlikely he would offend again). 2) ask him what is he doing to protect himself from happening it again. There are method he can do such as not allowing any children in his house, bring a friend of his to store etc. 3) The last thing Sex offender want is to go back to jail.. 4) maybe he have a wife maybe you can to her if that helps. 5) you will find it easier to deal with if you go talk to him. remember the goverment has that list out there for you to use not to haress them
It's all about spring and the rebirth of the world ("Easter" comes from the same root as the female hormone "Oestregen"):. . Rabbits breed a lot.. Eggs produce baby animals.you're a couple weeks late, love.Nothing. The Easter bunny and eggs have to do with the Pagan celebrations. Rabbits and eggs are a sign of fertility and the return of Spring, which Pagans worshiped (and still worship today). When the Catholic church was still in its beginnings, they chose the holidays (like Christmas and Easter) and they did NOT "coincidentally" happen to fall on or near those that the Pagans celebrated. They deliberately chose the days that they did so that they would "keep" the Pagan converts that they had, so they made the celebrations very festive and public, so that they could observe who celebrated them and who didn't. Those that didn't were prosecuted as non-believers and killed.
This question could mean anything. What is meant by this statement? What impact do you want me to have from this?There are Mexican dirt as well as white dirt, black dirt, asian dirt, male dirt, female dirt, American dirt, Chinese dirt, Mexican dirt, French dirt, gay dirt, straight dirt, skinny dirt, fat dirt, stupid dirt, smart dirt, etc... you name it.  Every group has its own dirt.What's your background, dildo?Why are you such a racist? What if they call your race not you, the same thing, you sure gonna frown.. . For your kind information I am not a Mexican but I am not a racist either.Why would you ask such an ignorant question? Would you appreciate that kind of question being asked of people of YOUR heritage? I would think not. Don't be do narrow-minded and foolish.. This site is here to HELP people- questions like this do nothing of the sort.You should not speak that way.Like the one person said this site is for help not for your nasty hateful questions. . Your mother should teach you manners.The Mexicans yes they are coming here but they are just doing what everyone else has done. They are looking for a way out of that poor state of mind. What you say is the reason the world is so messed up. 9/11 happened, Why? Because of hate. So put that in your pipe and smoke it.Bigot.because most of them are uneducatedyou are dirty racist pigSome of them not all.and why are you so stupid?
UPN (which originally stood for the United Paramount Network) is a television network in the United States, owned by CBS Corporation, which also owns the more widespread CBS network. Because of this dual corporate ownership, in several large American cities, the local CBS and UPN stations are operated as "duopolies.". . On January 24, 2006, CBS Corporation and Warner Bros. Entertainment announced plans to launch the CW Network in the fall of 2006. This new joint venture network will feature programming from both The WB and UPN. CBS chairman Les Moonves and Warner Bros. Entertainment CEO Barry Meyer announced that both The WB and UPN will cease independent operations as of September 4, 2006Because they merged with the WB to form the CW Network. Companies merge all the time (AT&T and SBC; Sprint and Nextel)I'm not sure.I didn't know that they did. What does upn stand for anyways.They had new buyersIt didn't.Man I haven't watched UPN in years since I got cable and that channel kidda disappeared from my memory..when did they change there name.They did? I'm surprised anyone noticed.
Problem with the arabic, middle-eastern, and muslim world is that so little information on international history, politics, and everything else... is available for their populace to read.. . Young people not educated in english or knowing little english will have no other resources to gain knowledge; depending on hearsay, popular beliefs, biased news reporting and propaganda from local newspapers and tv. . . Muslim countries' leaders mislead their own populace by government-owned media with disinformation and religious-based propaganda. They take advantage of the people's ignorance and emotions for their own political agendas.. . That is why questions of this nature arise.because they cannot defend themselves. superpowers always target the countries that struggle. israel has weapons, tanks, an army, an air force, a secret service, the usa. i could go on and on and on. palestine has ????????????????.enemitywhy do you want to know?It all started in Biblical times...God gave the Israelites that piece of land, but then took it away from the Israelites for 40 years because they weren't living like God wanted them to. In the meantime, the precursor Palestinians settled there and built their lives. Then the Israelites came back and demanded their land back, saying God gave it to them. The Palestinians after having settled there for years didn't agree and they have been fighting over it ever since. They both feel they have a right to be there and neither side will give an inch.Who are you kidding? Try researching this area's history and the people (cultures) that live there.. . Two peoples, one land. Both claiming that it was given to them by God. [God must have been cheap.]. . There are websites that will tell your the history of both sides. One sides has state religion, there other doesn't. Do know which one?. . The real question is why USA not United Nations is trying to sort this out.Why not, that's how they handle all their situations.Palestinians are deceived into thinking if they blow themselves up and take out as many Israeli as possible they are guaranteed a place in heaven and 40 virgins.. . For an eye-opening look at the facts, check out Dave Hunt's Judgement Day.Correction Israelis have killed Palestinians, do not forget the slaughtered in the Palestinian refugee camps!What news channel you been watching?  You got it backwards.neo is right!! the palestenians kill themselves!!!Israel doesn't kill Palestinians. They blow themselves up in Israeli cities.I agree with ans. 3. frm bookwormDon't knowDont knowBookworm is right.   they also have the bombIts funny how uneducated everyone is...on every topic..not just this one!!  The reason why there is a fight between The Jews and Arabs is...yes...from bible times...and yes..some of it has to do with land...but...the main reason the fighting ever started is because of the Jews...The Jews systematically killed and raped Arabs in the time of Exodus...thats a book in the bible...When they walked throught the desert for 40 years they did alot of terrible things...read your bible and you will see.They kill THEMSELVES!!!
An Salem church elder named Earl. fell in love with a young village girl. she laughed at his gut. and said "I'm no sl*t". so into the fire she was hurled.Try this link!  Good luck, it's very interesting stuff!
Click on the word "empty" right behind the word Bulk if it is a Yahoo account.. . This folder can be set to empty itself. Go to options and find the directions.Start directing unwanted mail into your 'junk' folder, create one of you don't already have one, then just empty it every time you log on.press empty sweetie!
The foreign companies that are drilling in Alaska (and the ones who Bush is wanting to let drill there) have all of the contracts. So the oil goes to the countries that have the contracts for processing. And then they sell it back to the USA.I totally agree with you.. The question should be what happens to it once in the states?!?!. . We are WAY to dependent on oil.. This country has known about this forever and yet they have chosen to do nothing about it.. . Back when we were only 10% dependent on foreign oil, they consider it a national crisis and look at us now.. 50 years later and we still haven't done anything about it.Where did you get the idea that the oil goes to Japan?. There was a pipe line built years ago that brings the oil down to the united states. What our government does with it after it gets here would be the question to ask.
begins with birth ends with deatheverone specify his own objective from the life , one may say health , other happiness , this is a very general questionHow the heck can anyone anwser that???!!!THe meaning of life is to drink dark beer and squeeze a few boobies.GodLife begins with birth.why does everybody ask this question?. . Are we this lost in life?42.   Now you have to know the question my child.Not dying.The meaning of life...is a book!  Its a good (but primitive) book!  Read up fella!I love this question!. . My third youngest brother always whispered this into every babies ear the very first time he would see them. He says "tell me quickly before you forget" "What is the meaning of life". . Sorry he has never received an answer..........It is a very difficult question. I think that it means to enjoy with some closer ones, share the problems with them and to help others. It also means to fulfil our dreams. . . But it does not mean to cheat, or to do any negative activities which may hurt another people.your meaning will be to find a purpose for your life. think about the time you have and how you want to spend it. the rest doesn't really matter.Life is what ever you make of itlife is a journeylive intentionally for ever l i f eLife is one big trial. which god has the right after all he has done for you and I.
Well if more people are spending more on fuel significantly  like it is becomeing....then they save less money in the bank because their cost are up.. . less money to save mean that banks or whatever have less to invest...so they raise the intrest rates to attact people to save.....more.We spend lots of money today. But most are in credit, so they are not real cash. Just a value of money, so the spending go way up high and the intrest need to go up high too, if not the bank will corrupt. So, consider of using cash sometimes and the interest will not be big trouble somehow.shortage of money , more spending , more and bigger loans , higher interest rates , they go more rich , we go starving
It's a parents job, like it or not, to prepare the kids for the world, and how the world will expect the same thing from them that is expected at home.. Manners, curfews, time to work, time out of work, what to say, what not to say, etc.. basically, we would be chewed up and spit out if we were unfamiliar with rules and restrictions, AND, people would blame your parentrs for it, so we are just covering our a$$esbecause they have to do something and its a heck of a lot better than hitting or beating them.Because they are hoping that their child will realize that they are not doing the right thing. But in the restriction they need to teach them that and how to make better choices otherwise the child will just keep doing ithow do we know the child will do the same thing over. Plus it depends on the age of the child. If he/she is a small toddler then grounding does no good. You put them in a time out spot or chair for their appropriate age. If they are old like 10 or older. Then yes grounding them or taking things away will have to be the consequences. The child must learn that for every action there is a reaction. It was his/her choice to behave badly. So it is his/her choice to take the responsibility for his actions."When they know the kids will do the same thing?"  I want to try to answer your second question first.  Parents do not KNOW that the child will do the same thing again and they likely HOPE the child will not.  Any form of "restriction" is a form of punishment whereby certain privileges or even rights are taken away.  This is a model of how criminals are treated in our (U.S.) society.  Depending on the infraction, more or less privileges are taken away.  It is obviously not the best deterrent but would you rather that parents torture their children into submission every time they commit an infraction?Because it makes us feel better, that at least we attempted to stop them from doing whatever it is again.I think that parents have the Idea that if they punish their kids for the same thing enough that they will get tired of doing it and stop.  The problem with parents today is that they don't talk to their kids enough.  Kids tese days know more at an earlier age thatn we did.  Parents should be open and talk about anything with their kids even if it means hearing something they don't want to.
A person who is kiled for a cause.People who go through serious trials to defend something that others would deem indefensible.A person who dies for something they belive in such as politics, religion, etc, like if you go into the Islamic Jihad, they make you a marty if you die which is sort of crazy/A person who dies for their country, culture, religion, or beliefs. A good example is the bomber that was planning to blow up the White House on 9/11. He wanted the death penalty to serve as a martyr for his country, but instead got the life in prison with no chance of parole.1 : a person who voluntarily suffers death as the penalty of witnessing to and refusing to renounce a religion. 2 : a person who sacrifices something of great value and especially life itself for the sake of principle. 3 : VICTIM; especially : a great or constant sufferer <a martyr to asthma all his life -- A. J. Cronin>someone would dies for a cause, like a Christan myarter, dies for their belief in Christ
evite.com is the best out there. easy, free, and unlimited.have you people never heard of Google! just google "create online invitations", and see what pops up!
YO...ALL YOU PEOPLE WHO DONT CARE ABOUT THE WORD ILLIGAL....I WANT TO TELL YOU SOMETHING....YOU ARE STUPID...YOU ARE RETARDED...YOU DONT KNOW WHAT YOUR LIFE MEANS...SO...PLEASE JUST FOLLOW THE UNITED STATES'S LAWS...PLEASE... I AM REALLY ASKING YOU NICELY!!!!!!!IT MEANS THAT YOU SHOULDN'T BE IN THIS COUNTRY IF YOU'RE NOT A BONAFIDE CITIZEN OR RESIDENCE IN GETTING CITIZENSHIP.  THANK YOU!!!someone who came into the country the wrong way. against the law of the land, illegal: against the law
In these developing countries...there are some things to awe n boo at.Like the monuments or the rainforests or the hotels or even the wildlife.They keep these places nat and luxurious to attract tourists.And so their economy builds up.But they still remain as developing countries b'coz they dont have much industries and the poverty is still lurking. .    People in Brazil, africa and India were all tribals.They used to stay in forests and had all these superstitions n were healthy.But as the British came and took over these countries..they were like prisoned and the british folloed a policy called exploitation.They built many modern buildings,roads,bridges etc in their own respective built.he original inhabitants tried to adjust with these guys....and they did...thats why you can see the roads and cities are so unclean poverty striken...but the people at their homes keep it all clean.'cos they expect someone to clean fo them (the raods,etc).They dont have that feeling any more...the feeling that its their environment allthough they are very edgy when comming to terms like "country"I'M VERY CIVILIZED BECAUSE MY PARENT'S RAISED ME TO BE AS SUCH.corruption within the politic strongholds means some countries have underdeveloped areas, look at any country, they all have the 3 classes low middle and higher, just a same that in the countries you mentiond they are so extremei take my shoes off when i get in my house. i say hello to strangers. i have a job. take care of the family as much as i can. i use the toilette. I'm civilized.
Because they are sexy!Because most people are retarted and think looks mean everything.same reason men like hot women it is what appeals to us. if u want to eat something and it looks like garbage r u going to eat it? of corse not well i hope notEye candy.makes them hotWhat else on earth you imagine they should like?
I've read he squirreled away 400 million dollars of the company's money. That would be embezzlement on a fairly grand scale!embezzlement and accounting fraud and something about Korea's image laws.. . http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20060530/ap_on_bi_ge/skorea_daewoo_founder_3Hopefully for making the worst looking cars on the planet...The Daewoo Group founder Mr. Kim woo- Choong, was sentenced to a 10 yr jail for fraud and embezzlement relating to the collapse of the firm under heavy debts. He is 69 yrs old and was also ordered to pay U.S $ 22.5 Billion in restitution with a fine of 10 Million won (Korean money). He was also accounted for illegal remmittances abroad. and also bribing the government officials.. Regards. Prashant Pachigar. +91 9819875859 / +91 22 66602147 / prashant_82@yahoo.com. India
With the amount of propaganda that was put out in that time, certain people believed, considering how horrible a great deal of the Holocaust was, that it was simply made up (or exaggerated to make Americans believe Communism, Nazism, and Facism were "evil" governments).  While a lot of things were made up at the time, sadly the Holocaust was not one of them.  My grandfather was a surviver, and bore numbers on his arm until he died.. . It really is sometimes too horrible and tragic to believe that people can do things like that to one another.It's very hard to believe human beings could do such horrifying things to their own kind. It boggles my mind.For years the political stance was that there was no Jewish Holocaust. Some people still believe this, but most people are aware of it. They do teach about it in history classes now.Because people don't know history and what happened in War World IIthey are what you call idiotsposybly cuz their too lazy 2 study or 2 find outthey are called arrogant, ignorant moronsI don't believe they do.  I just think they like to claim that to justify their opinions and prejudices.  However, if they do believe that, then they are truly lost souls and probably brain dead.
Nobody has the same skeleton.. But we still shouldn't be racist.  We should learn to embrace our differences, and we should learn from each other.Actually, I'm pretty confident that the bone structures of the different races are pretty easily distinguishable for a scinetist who knows what to look for...though I'm not sure what that has to do with racism.A forensic anthropologist can tell race based on the skull just like they can determine sex based on the pelvis.. . Racism, I'm sorry to say, will always exist.  For racism to disappear, ignorance would need to go first.  I don't see that happening.
US put economic sanctions on them. Then this lead to war.There were many events which led up to it in the ten years preceeding the bombing.To piss us off and drag us into war... But we showed them...It was a preemptive strike designed to secure their hold on the Pacific.  (Watch the History Channel.  They do a grand job of explaining the ins and outs of WWII.)The U.S. and UK disapproved of Japan's (invading China)actions, and responded with diplomatic pressure, condemning Japan's aggression in China. Japan didn't back down, but instead continued its military campaign in China and formally aligned itself with the Axis Powers in 1940. The U.S. responded with economic sanctions, including partial or full embargoes of scrap metal and gasoline, renouncing previously signed trade agreements between the two countries, and closing the Panama Canal to Japanese shipping. Again, the Japanese didn't back down and, in 1941, invaded northern Indochina. The U.S. response was to freeze Japanese assets and initiated a complete oil embargo.. . Oil was the most valuable and crucial resource that Japan required. In addition to fueling Japanese military operations, oil was vital for core economic activities. 80% of Japan's oil imports came from the U.S Diplomatic negotiations climaxed with the Hull note of November 26, 1941, which Prime Minister Hideki Tojo described to his cabinet as an ultimatum. Therefore, Japan felt pressured to make a decision -- either comply with the U.S. and UK demands backing down from its aggression in China and the surrounding areas, or go to war with the U.S. and its allies. Concerned over losing their hard-earned status and prestige in the international community if they backed down and the perceived threat to their national security posed by the western powers who controlled territory in the Pacific and/or east Asia, Japan decided to pursue the latter option. They invaded Pearl Harbor, thus entering the United States into World War 2.. . It can be 60 years ago or now, OIL is still a major issue.because US naval base in pearl harbor is in the japan's way in building their japanese empire. if they attack other countries withour eliminating the naval base first, the US would surely prevent them easily.because the U.S. cut off trade w/ Japan  and Japan got mad and bombed the pearl harbor
a “polargrizz.” Media reports described it as “looking” like an animal that could be the byproduct of a grizzly mating with a polar bear. Geneticists have documented that grizzly bears ventured north some 250,000 years ago to hunt seals and that their fur turned white over time. Thus, the polar bear was born.yes.. it is a polar bear/grizzly mix. Kinda like a mutt. Some stupid hunter shot it not knowing what it was, and that makes me mad :(
It won't change much at all. So some jokes or references may go away, but not many people make Jimmy Hoffa references anymore. Things have changed in history with no signifigant change to comedy because comedy is always changing with new comics anyway. New jokes (hopefully) are being created to replace old ones.It may not have any affect on our culture but it would be good for his family to know what actually happened to himHoffa is alive. He's just in another country having a good time. I will tell you though. The mafia kills themselves the gangs kill others just to make their point. We should have left the mafia alone.Who is Jimmy Hoffa? Im not being an idiot. I seriously don't know who he is.
He is one of the most famous missing people in the world besides Judge Crater.  There are others of course, but he was known to be one of the "bad guys" in many ways.  I sure hope they rebuild it.  If it was my place, I would demand a rebuilding of it.I have no idea why they are looking for his remains, other than a guess. Perhaps, they want to find out the cause of death. And, the horse farm needs to be restored to the condition it was in before the search began.too spend our $$They need something to spend $$ on.well, if they find him, they know he is not out eluding the police and still conducting "business"....the farm itself was part of his propertyThey want to find him to figure out how he died. and the farm wasn't his, it was his friends.It's still an open case.They wanna find his bones so they can auction them off to people like Michael Jackson.  The government's pretty hard up for money lately, you know.
why middle east like decapitation?. why middle east like suicide bombing?. why foreigners never learn that English has VERBS in the sentences?It's better than being ruled by tyrantswhy iran like nuclear weapons?Why communists like killing innocent people?Why Bill Clinton kill parents.Not americans that like the war it is the President that does. Apparentlydont stereotype.  not all americans like war.FOR MONEY AND POWERThis American does not like war.  A lot don't, so please don't stereotype.Silly rabbit, Trix are for kids.I guess past influence from other wars make an impact on us.In the truest sense, Freedom cannot be bestowed; It must be achieved.       Franklin D. Rooseveltbecause we are fighting for uor countrythey do not like. they just like OIL
because they think more then likely the ppl with the guns will kill the ppl wiht the bird flu and cause tons of chaos and havoc... which is totaly retardedIt's just like Gotty said.. . People get scared and do stupid things.  If you've never read "Night Watch" by Stephen King, check it out.  There's an interesting story on the flu in there.  It's titled "Night Surf".  It made me do alot of thinking.. . We give up our rights pretty frequently, as you said.  The Deppression caused a monster called "Dependency on the Federal Government".  It's too much power for them.  We were never intended by our founding fathers to be the sucklings of the government, waiting for our social security, our jobs, etc.. . To ensure that we have more rights, we need a smaller Federal government and stronger State government.  I'm glad that we're at least headed that way with some states allowing gay marriage, medicinal weed, prostitution, etc.  I'm not personally thrilled by most of these things, but we so often forget that we're firstly part of our state, and then part of the government.  We forget, often, that different states have different laws.  It's easy to -- they're often alike.. . Fight for your rights now before they're taken away.I keep enough ammo that if I need more ammo, I can get it.. Rural America will never surrender their arms.
he says he's fine and thanks for asking, his beard is however a bit itchy and he's suffering from a bad case of piles.I personally do not care!!hes good he came to give us money last week LOLSeems like he's been putting up a fuss in his trial recently.he seemes fine wen he on msna precedent of IraqIm fine, thanks for asking.  My beard is however a bit itchy and I am suffering from a bad case of piles.Born April 28, 1937 so he is 69.. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saddam_HusseinSaddam Hussein is still being put on trial for the war crimes he committed during his dictatorship. I don't think he is feeling any better considering he's going to be found guilty of all charges on the genocide, killing of innocent people, weapons of mass destruction, and invading other small countries for personal interest, if not soon enough. I feel ashamed of him acting arrogantly in front of the judges and juries without a remorse. His attitude stinks and disgusts the innocents lives he took.VERY GOOD I VISITED HIM LAST WEEKHe's preparing for his death by hanging.enjoying his free stay without any troubles and he will continue to be like thisHe is alright, he is in Jail right now, and should be there thank the Lord...BUT, hopefully he will come to his senses while he is there and stop himself from being used as a bad guy....so that when he gets out he can make a difference in his world.. . There was a speaker who came to my Church Last week, and he told us that a while ago he had sent Saddam a Bible with his name engraved on it, and he was really thankful for it, so thankful in fact that he sent him one of his personalized Gold watches as a Thank You gift. This minister that came to our church hopes to one day be able to visit Saddam in Jail and tell him about....Jesus!!!
are you talking about the original murders. know one knows why no one heard the loud gun go off over and over again. some think the demon made everyone sleep through itwhy didnt they leave the first chance they got why did they stay in that house for the whole movie ,that is what beats me.Maybe because it never happened.they didnt hear it because they were getting shot! I WIN!
In 2000 I saw what look like a small slow moving object with a sparkler on the back. It turned out to be a piece of space junk over a thousand miles away going crazy fast.Most probably was a falling star as above person said. They are ssssssssssssoooooooooo pretty!!!I think it is a runaway meteorite, just like tAnswerers #1 and 5.(I watch a TV show Pokemon about bad guys getting their hands on it to destroy the world by combining it with a laser beam). Of course, I it could be possible with a few modifications. Check where it landed (It might be gone).Ohhhh,Cool...  It was a falling star. Suppose to be good luck.. God Bless {:-) <><Probably a chunk of debris from space. It could have been a meteorite or bits of a satellite, or any of the tens of thousands of man made objects up there in near earth orbitwhat you saw sound like a  meteor shower.I once saw something very similar. It may have been a small meteorite. Did you see where it hit the ground? Go check it out - there might be a neat little crater or you could even find the rock! They're very collectible, or you could sell it on eBay. Of course it might have been a UFO, but that's your judgement. Either way I'd try and find it!It would be either a rocket or a falling star.its a falling star and it means good luckIt probably was meteor I have seen them look like that and they do not cause a sonic boom.
It just proves that you don't have to be a rocket scientist to be a terrorist... just an a$$hole!. . Shine on you crazy diamond!Yeah, I got a pretty good chuckle out of that one.yeah that was stupidhahahahahahahaI agree it was funny, but these people are a nightmare, wheather they are smart or can shoot properly or not.
Call in "TAPS" to set up night vision cameras, audio recorders, and thermometers. When they dont find the spook, kick the dog's ass outside. . Maybe it just needs to chase a few squirrels.I agree, your dog is probably spoiled and you shouldn't worry about it.  Perhaps spend more one on one time with your dog, walk it so he or she gets some fresh air and . maybe fix him/her a special bed that will make it feel . more secure in the house.Spoiled and don't worry about itjust tell what is there in the house to go to the other side where it belongs. if it doesnt want to and its a mean spirit tell the spirit if it doesnt leave then you will tell God on him!Your dog probably is spoiled. : ). I moved into my new house about six months ago, and my two cats simply act differently then the way they did at my old house.  I've moved around a lot, and sometimes animals need a lot of time to adjust.You could leave a sheet of paper (any white colored paper) and a pencil out over night and usually (if it's haunted) they'll write something on the paper. Also, if your pets just stare at a wall or the air or a doorway and they ignore you, then you might have ghosts. Babies are good ghosts sensors too.Ghosts probably wouldn't be scaring your dog.  But if you think it might be ghosts, take this opportunity to research ghost-hunting.  It can be interesting.. But ghosts aren't usually... scary to animals.. . Demons on the other hand.... If you're a christian, get your house blessed.  If you're not, try to live with it or get an exorcism, and that might not work.. If you're not a christian, you might want to think about it.if you have the financial capabilities get a small video survailance system...it may help a bit.
I live in San Ramon and was out of town and returned home last Thurs - my clocks were all messed up - so yes, I would say the power went out.  What day was it?Is this a riddle? Hmmm...because the power went out. ;P
You can contact the paper and ask for a specific copy of one,(if you know which it is) or you can search through old papers at the library. They keep them on microfiche.Go to the library do research by asking them what to do. They have all the old papers.go to your local library and see if they have that machine that holds all the old newspapers. It put it in like a slideshow or something.try that one, prolly best bet is the real library for free tho...I work for a newspaper. Lots of newspapers now have their archives right on their Web site. It might cost a couple bucks to get the story, but it's definitely the most convenient and immediate way to do it!
To print the news in an unbiased fashion. Well, that rules out 99% of them.Newspapers started out as the early means of information people of current events.  They could travel reach more people than the town criers and stories were not altered by individuals as done with verbal news.Although the newspapers are supposed to be free of political slanting most of them tape positions in line with their owners. News can be altered to reflect different things than what actually happened.  That is what took value from the printed news. TV and radio gets the job done faster and reaches more people. How the news is handled is still dominated by political considerations.  Things going on in a community should be reported as well as other things like national and world news.dear freebornman,.   while a lot of ppl may find this question strange, i can readily appreciate it. in an age where TV channels provide live coverage, the newspapers that give u yesterday's news today seem somewhat redundant. but long ago, when TV was unheard of, these printed sheets of paper carried great importance. ppl used to wait for them, even though they used to reach some places 4-5 days after publication. they were the only means of contact with the rest of the world..   the first newspaper to be published, i think, was ACTA DIURNA, a latin journal. or was it DI BAO? hell i'm not so sure. sorry bout that. tell u what, i'll look it up and let u know..   as to it's responsibilites, any news provider has only three main functions: educate, inform and entertain. well, okay, so newspapers, and even TV channels tend to go a bit overboard with the "entertain" part nowadays. but that's what sells. .   hope i haven't sounded like i been preaching..   bye.
AIDS was originally thought to only effect gay men, but it soon began to spread rapidly to others. The misconception that only gay men contracted AIDS left many apathetic and ignorant  to the hazards or intravenous drug use and unprotected sex.It helped end the new wave of sexual freedom in the US.only gays had it thencose of adultery. and Americans are not adherent to religion's orders which prohibit adultery.I THINK IT EFFECTED US SO BADLY BECAUSE WE WEREN'T THAT EDUCATED ABOUT IT UNTI IT SPREAD LIKE WILD-FIRE IN THE SUBURBS!It effected America in 1985 when Rock Hudson announced he had AIDS. It was relatively unknown until then. .  The medical profession patted themselves on the back for releasing AZT. .  They could have virtually stopped the epidemic in 1985. It is only because of incompetent medical professionals that they did not. Doctors may not always be right.
They have filed a suit against them because Mittal company has allegedly copied Steel components originally produced by Arcelor in the automobile industry.Bcos the europeans are crazy and they cant see an Indian company taking over them . Though they talk about free trading & globalisation but when it comes to execution they shy away. The europeon companies do business all around the world, buying companies , mergers acquisitions etc but on their own land they are discriminatory.. Just hypocrats.
This is kind of a nebulous question.  I'm not sure what you're really looking for in a response.Some people are careless, but others are too careful and still their kids get into accidents. I am sure both kinds of people would do anything to avoid such occurrences.It's sad...many people are just plain negligent. We're lucky to have people to clean up our messes; unfortunately, there's no way to clean up a lost life. Just remember that amidst taking care of everyone else you have to take time to take care of yourself.People get complacent, do not pay close enough attention. And families are devastated when a child dies. Children are so active and fast, it takes a lot of watching to protect them from themselves.cause they are idiot'sI guess the saying is true, "Accidents happen". Luckily we have men like you around to save some of these people who might die if it wasn't for you being in your line of work. You give so much of yourself. A lot of people who's life you have saved will hold you in their memory for the rest of their lives. Thank god we have people like you. I know it must be a tiring job that you do and you see a lot of  accidents and deaths that could have been avoided had a little more care would have been taken. In my eyes your a hero. You have a admirable courage most people do not possess. All I can say is God bless You for all you have done and all that you will do.Hello there I think that is  for many reasons  but main I think that is 3  1.- A false Idea "that bad things pass to other persons not me" so they feel the security around totally False!. 2.- a bad education  persons with low education are more distracted for the things that are surrounding that  the own things , persons like this don't think clear whats going on.... 3.- stress and pressure for the everyday life  they are stuck in some place in the inner mind  when try to do  the things for the work or home and are  concentrate in other things and  lose the contact with the reality.I think distraction is the main culprit. A lot of people have a short attention span. No excuse, though. If you are really a fireman, I thank you. My dad was one, too.They never think anything bad will happen to them,but anything can!they just don't care,and aren't careful enouph.And because of this the world is how it is because of that carelessness.People want to always cross the limit,I wish it weren't like this though.the world would be a better place!There a website called goodnews.com. . Try it, it will get your mind off the bad news for a while. these days it seems as if the papers and the news channels are only portraying the bad news.Im tired too. I tried pulling a 19 yr old male from underneath a car and the paramedicas refused to call a flight ambulance because I denied becoming respinsible for the charges that would  be incurred. This boy had his femur broken into about 3 or 2 pieces. His head was compleatly smashed against the concrete with an open wound and blood gushing out. He made it to the hospital and I guess the folks got to say good-bye, its sad to know though that he never lived to tell the story. As for the 4th of July recepis to make explosives and blow people off, kids not being supervised etc, its got me just as confused as you buddy. We cant give up though, we are a scarce rescource. .I know what you mean but I was a very not care-full person until I got involved I my fire co. as a jr fire fighter when I was in HS so I guess it is all about awareness.Because no one is perfect. If everyone is careful all the time, there would be no war, no conflict, no little squabbles we see all the time.whats life with no exitment!
probley because it's the devils work it's to bad people just don't read our holy bible and believe in our god, and believe that the devil is knowing that his time is very near and also his followers will be going tooo to live in the fire pitt forever,Maybe they don't have enough fund to buy the movie immediately. Or their cencorship organization wants a thorough examination on that movie.
Thats cool of ya... Well i aint sure if u'll find this funny but i sure did... . I was cutting meat and i pretened that i cut my finger off, i bent my finger back half way and stuck a piece of meat on it, i run to someone else in the house yelling help, call the ambulence, i've cut my f@#kin finger off.  U shld have seen the person running around the house tryin to figure out what to do... It was hilariouswhat kind of questions do you want asked?
Raufnimer has it exactly right - give him TEN points.drive with a rubberask them not to drive taxi anymore again.To check the spread of Aids among taxi drivers i suggest that each taxi driver must get his complete body check up including blood once a year like how we get our cars registration every year. It must be done only from the Govt. organisation and free condoms should be supplied by the govt and also by making them aware of AIDS and the ways to prevent it by distributing brochures, leaftlets etc in every laungages (hindi, marathi, punjabi etc).
You could find very interesting things in this link. . http://pages.videotron.com/internet/colombia/bogota/that's where shakira is from! trust me- my hips don't lie..lol they also have museums that have nothn but gold n it n gold is from there
All of your questions are following the same theme and they continue to reflect an incorrect view of the world.. . For example, do you have any idea where the zero was invented/discovered?  Do you have any idea what math would be like without a zero?. . What do you mean by the word science?  If you mean simply being inquisitive and testing the world around you to find out what you can and can't do, then "science" originated with the emergence of the first intelligent life forms on the planet.  Through trial and error, these creatures lived their lives from day to day, learning what they needed to survive and gaining new knowledge every day from new things they tried to do (or get away with), often passing on this information to others of their kind in one way or another.. . If, however, you mean the modern scientific method, that of observing natural phenomena, formulating a hypothesis about it, testing that hypothesis with experiments, collecting data, and then theorizing about the phenomena based of the information you've gathered and the tests you've conducted, then true science originated separately with the Greeks and the Chinese -- both these cultures used what we now know as the scientific method to discover new ways of doing things, and how the world around them actually worked.. . Primarily from “Ask A Scientist.”math and science originated in africaIt most certainly did happen elsewhere.  Algebra did not arise in Europe, and the ancient mesoamericans certainly had a grasp of astronomy.. . The difference is that European history is the most well-preserved and most disseminated in our culture.  Just because we know less about the other cultures doesn't mean they weren't advanced.And the science of the atomic bomb made no difference in the history of the US? Discovery of flight? Going to the moon?
I have lived in and around Detroit all my life and the whole problem is the media.  They project a bad image of Detroit.  The same things that happen here happen elsewhere, but you never hear about them.Its what you just said, and the whole city is messed up.
You wouldn't need to if you'd been as interested in studying as you are in screwing around on Yahoo.... . deal with it...go to one of the schools and ask for one but why do you want this. thank youGet a diploma.. Get a degree.. Get another degree.. Become an administrator.. And then they'll give you one.. . It's simple!You do not.  Why?  Did you fail and want to fix your grades?ask your teacher for oneMOST LIKELY BUY 1 FROM A TEACHER, THERE ON THE TAKE.
good question: ITS JUST A MOVIE!!! and alot of people are taking it way too seriouslyBecause the novel and the movie make the assumption that people can separate fact from fiction, which is apparently an incorrect assumption.Because they don't know the truth.because it makes alot of sense and they have evidence to back that sh it upWhy do some people not believe in the Davinci Code?. Why is it so hard to accept that people have different thoughts and beliefs. If some one wants to believe in it, let them they're not hurting anyone by doing so.Because way too many people do not have the ability to critically think.Because they don't know the difference between fact and fiction.. . I am SO sick of this topic.becasue it would be cool if jesus was one of us as well as a miracle worker to besides everyone needs something to believe inBecause their idiots!!!because some people have never heard any different and that is all they know to believei dont know thats my ? too!because people need to believe in something - why do people follow cults??
check out news on yahoo.. I heard the number was going to be like 36 million people die in US. Given the governments history for emergency preperation- when you see the army trucks come- you are dead but just don't know it yet.This has been going on for years. Nothing to worry about unless you constenly around birds. Or eat them.. . And if you do catch the flu... . Everything happens for a reasonthis will answer all your questions and concerns. . http://www.cdc.gov/flu/avian/Hakuna Matata=No Worries. . I realize if you worry about it, you will be scared of it all the time. Don't worry! Just be safe, but not too safe that it controls you. You know, if you think about it, that's only one way to die. There are sooooooooooo... many different things that can harm you, but, if you got this far in life, there's no point to be scared of death. This may take over the freedom of your life if you worry all the time about one little thing like the Bird Flu. Trust me, you'll be fine if you just stop worrying and live your life.Talk to the birds.
In todays world you can't always depend on others to be always there to help you in times of trouble... be prepared take defense classes(workin out on the gym or on gym bags can lessen the emotional stress and pain you are feeling), plan out your move and defend your territory dude!!! but, always be sure to have plan b if your initial move fails.  hehehe.... or you can always try peaceful ways to get even...MOve so they don't know where you are.Find Ms. right, you could move in w/herfirst i would go to the police...i wouldnt be scared of his threats...i really dont know what he is afraid you will tell the police but i am assuming it is something terrible and i suggest, after speaking to the police, you try to speak to a counselor or something that worked for me to overcome my emotional pain...The same way you overcome anything else. If there is anything in your life that you resent then you have to do what you have to do to correct the situation. The pain that you are referring to is fear. You don't want fear to rule your life. Handle the situation with the police. Whoever is holding this threat over your head is possibly bluffing anyway and they are threatening you to make sure they don't get into trouble. That person is also in fear that you might call the police. Their fear is the reason they felt the need to threaten you. Don't waste any time in calling the police. They will want to know why you waited to call them. In that case you will have to explain that you were threatened with bodily harm for telling the police.(option 1.)it depends how serious the matter is and how crazy you think he is because if its something minor he'll be out in a couple of months to put a whooping on you! (option 2.) keep what you know to yourself (option 3.) go into the witness protection program.Go to the police and file a report. Get a restraining order and press charges.  You should not have to live your life in fear.Go to the Police, file a report and get a restraining order if you know something tell them. Tell them you are in fear for your life. If need be move someplace safe with family faraway stand up for yourself! DO NOT LIVE IN FEAR!
Maybe it's because everybody is different and it's hard for people to accept that. Not everyone is the same, and not everyone will get along. I don't understand why people don't just grow up, and get over it. Unfortunately the world will never be a perfect place.I assume you mean racist.  I don't understand why some people still hate someone because of the color of their skin.  I don't think it'll ever change, especially if it hasn't now.I am not sure on what you are asking?actually, if i'm not wrong it orginated from the Tower of Babbel (if thats how its spelt) If you read the Bible, or historical facts, everyone supposedly spoke the same language and were united as one race till God, upon seeing their pride and sense of over-achieving, made them speak different languages so they could not complete their tower to heaven. Hence they all split to different areas of the earth and the natural surroundings as well as the people within the tribes moulded the various races and civilizations.I have no idea. It just might be what their parents teach the children. It can make people's friendship fall apart. It's true because I'm always surrounded by people like that. I even have teachers at my school that's like this. It's just horrible. ):(
Ross Perot dropped out of the Presidential race.1. The Balkan war was starting. 2. The U.S started to mobilize troops for Somalia.it was my 3rd birthdayThe Space Shuttle Endeavour lands safely after a successful maiden voyage.If I remember rightly, I woke up, had breakfast, went to work, came home, had dinner and went to bed. Ah yes, I remember it well
How much more help do you need?  Did you own a home in Ninth Ward or Lakeview or Broadmoor?   Have you bothered to come back and take care of your property?  There are hundreds of jobs available right now.  I can't drive four blocks without seeing Help Wanted signs.  If you haven't come home yet, why not?  I've been back home since the end of September, and I am sick and tired of hearing people like you dwell on those few days that happened 9 months ago.  What have you done to help yourself since then?  I came home, cleaned up my mess, and got on with my life.  I was one of those people who refused to evacuate.  I had plenty of supplies, because I knew I was not leaving.  Those people who waded past my house complaining about no food, no water, no bathroom, ... had NO pity from me.  Did you know you can flush a toilet with a bucket of flood water?  I figured it out, why didn't you?  I had a clean bathroom because I figured out how. Did you know to be prepared if you were going to stay in the city? Did you gather supplies, food, water, in preparation?  Why not?  If you have lived in New Orleans, you should have known to be ready for all this, not to hang out at the freaking Superdome or Convention Center with your hands out, knowing full well that NO ONE told you to go there for help. Of course there was no one there to help you. You weren't supposed to be there.  Things down here are changing daily, getting better.  I see people working on their homes, working on other people's homes, doing everything they can to help each other. Where the hell are YOU????  People all over the world read what you've written and they wonder why they bothered to help us in the first place.Its the same as most Americans don't give a damn about how the rest of the world lives. Did you care about people in Africa? Do you care about people dying all over the world? Do you care about the horrible conditions that 80% of the people on the planet live in? I didn't think so! Most people don't give a damn about anyone else. They only care about it when something actually happens to them, and then they wonder why no-one cares.Some don't understand the extent of the horror, to lose everything you have and cherish.  Some don't sympathize because how could they, its never happened to them before. How does some sympathize with those they don't know? its a sad thing but its so common amongst people,I know exactly what you're talking about. I'm annoyed at this attitude that a few people have, also. I have had people make comments to me, such as,. . "When will New Orleans repay us for all the money we're sending there?". My answer: First of all, except for an initial payment right after the hurricane, most of the money paid out so far is flood insurance settlements. Did you know that New Orleans has the highest % of homeowners who have flood insurance in the country? And the majority of people who did not have flood insurance were told they didn't need it by their insurance companies because they did not live in a flood zone. Other money being spent by the federal government is to fix the levees because they were poorly designed and built by the US Army Corps of Engineers. This is what caused the flooding in the first place.. . "Maybe it's not worth rebuilding.". My answer: Ok, even if that were true, what do do about all the people who have destroyed homes, but still owe a mortgage? Do you just tell them they can't rebuild, rendering their property worthless?. . "You live below sea level. What do you expect?". My answer: If there were no levees, I could understand this attitude. But you can't build levees, giving people a false sense of security, only to have the levees fail due to poor design and construction. It's like, if a bridge collapses, telling the people who fell and got killed that they shouldn't have been crossing the bridge in the first place.. . "People were told to leave and they didn't." . My answer: This one is especially annoying, because, first of all, 90% of the people did leave, and secondly, I don't understand how evacuating and the fact that your house was totally destroyed are related. Also, while I feel sorry for the people who got killed, I actually agree that they should have left.. . "It's the local government's fault. They're corrupt.". My answer: Some of what happened immediately after Katrina is the local government's fault, but due to not being properly prepared, not due to corruption. The local government is not responsible for the destruction caused by Katrina. That's the federal government's fault, in the form of the US Army Corps of Engineers. As far as people who did not evacuate, since when is the local government responsible for evacuating it's citizens for a hurricane? Also, I recall our mayor pleading with people to leave on TV numerous times leading up to Katrina. Most of the people who stayed did so because either they felt they couldn't afford to evacuate or they didn't want to. . . My other comments: Are some people expecting handouts from the government? Of course, and it's the same people who always expect government handouts. But don't attack the entire city just for being here and having our lives disrupted.The whole country Was affected by hurricane Katrina.  I don't know what u mean having a bad attitudeMaybe some people have a bad attitude about it, but I live on the coast, and I learned something. Don't ever expect someone else to take care of you. If you try to be prepared for natural disaster, then you won't have to go for 3-5 days w/out food/water. Especially w/something that you know is coming, unlike an earthquake, etc.i live close to the coast and we had the same problems but what i hate bout the whole deal is people still living off fema now i understand those who are in trailers and giving an effort on getting something done but the ones who ain't trying anything need to get off their butt and do something. thats why people have bad attitudes.I dont know why people have a bad attitude about it. I havent noticed that. Ask that dumbass Pres. of ours. As for me, my name is/was Katrina. Now I have everyone call me Kati.cause our tax dollars pay for the slow help they get.I don't think that is a totally fair statement. I remember every surrounding state taking in many many people with open arms. Opening there homes, churches, donating all kinds of things food, clothing, money, time, labor, love and compassion I know I did, I am not rich but I gave what I could. .  I think maybe now the cleaning up and getting these City's  back on its feet so costly, and I have heard many ungrateful people saying they aren't going to do anything but wait for the government to set them up. That is like a slap in the face almost. No one wished that on anybody, and most have tried to move on and get on with life, new jobs, etc. I know it had to be hard but it has to be done. But there are those just holding there hand out and taking advantage, putting everybody down because it didn't happen to them. That is the only ones they are showing on TV, and that is what the other states are seeing & hearing, not the grateful ones. . I can't imagine loosing everything but with people helping my family would survive. It was and still is a major catastrophe that Officials could have avoided. but didn't and caused so much death and pain, the people in other states did not cause it. Maybe some do have an attitude about the scams, bad attitudes of the those that could do better but won't. And the cost, it's kind of understandable. But people are still giving and trying to help.. I actually have family there in New Orleans,  New Iberia, Franklin, and Amelia. They lost much but not everything, they were there and witnessed the destruction first hand. They also are ashamed of the ones that are just being lazy and starting riots, trying to get on TV, if they would spend more time looking for work, instead of stealing and refusing to help themselves they and there families may have been on the road to recovery. The elderly can not fend for themselves but the young people men and women definelty can.........Only you would think such a thing. Its bull crap. All 50 states pitched in...and still are. Blame the stupid mayor of New Orleans, your Governor and the Feds, not the states.you are a typical example of why were fed up with you people. almost a year later and still crying the blues and looking for hand outs. you think you the only ones in this world who god has let misery come calling. i know that the people in Houston did every thing they could to help you out and you returned the favor by tripling their crime and murder rates. the free ride on the gravy train is over so pick your self's up for a change and get to work yourselves.god helps those who help themselfs. and that dont mean steal whatever you can get your hands on.I think the main reason for that is because before Katrina hit the state was told about it, the people were told to move out, the fact that they choose not to leave was a bad choice and because of that I think there are a lot of people that do not have any patience for the pain & suffering.  Also there were many people that brought more suffering onto themsleves and others than was neccassaty.  Like the couple that left all those old people in their nursing home to die.  I'm sorry for your pain, but you have to acknowledge that your own local governemnt failed you before our federal government did and you are the ones that voted them in. I hope we've all learned a lesson from this and other situations can be avoided , but next time you are told to evacuate, do it.people are tired of hearing them whinning about their conditions ,  instead of getting a job and start to look after themselves after this long .
More than 2 .6 million East Germans escaped to West Berlin or West Germany from 1949 to 1961.. Many people had to suffer under repressions of the Communist system or wanted to live a better life in the West.. The East German government saw no other way to prevent from escaping to the West via Berlin than closing the border between East and West Berlin on August 13, 1961.To keep East Germany out of West Germany and vies versa. They were trying to keep communism out of the country.Did you miss social studies?Use the research button on your toolbar.It's to long for me to explain to you right now.Too keep there people in.To bar(BER) lins(LIN) from infecting each others with capitalism & communism. The Iron Curtain began with concrete but fell like a Goliath.
Economics could mean reporting about business news. Or it could be how the media generates money. Mostly through advertizing and for newspapers through ads and sale copies of the publication. Management is editors who control the editorial printed. Circulation manager who controls the delivery, and ad manager who tries to get the advertizing.Not sure I understand what you are asking.. Are you looking for some kind of definition?. As in, the economics used to run a mass communication facility?. Are you asking how to manage a news organization?. Please rephrase your question.
1. unwanted touching 2. look when they think no one is watching 3.sexual remarks 4.buying a gift  not approiate for a child (under wear,see through garments,movies with sexual contact and putting them on when you are alone with them.5 excessing hugging 6. saying you are my special .....6. showing of their body part per say by accident and pretending to be embrassed. 7. stopping by when they know you are alone.  these are some. I hope this helps.Spanking me?????If it makes you ask then it was.Molestation, up to but not as far as intercourse.Indecent liberties means a person has done indecent things to a child. Liberty being the main word and it means freedom to do what they want indecent to a child. This is a horrible crime.
It is not getting corrupted, it has always been corrupted.. . Politics is about power.  Most people in contact with power become corrupt.Political empowerment begets wealth, which also begets perks and privileges. The common thought train amongst the political society is that anything--INCULDING JUSTICE is a commodity; it's bought AND sold. So the feeling of empowered importance can also cause one to feel above the law of the "common" man.. . Most people who are blessed with such social affluence don't handle it very well. Eventually, they'll burn the wrong bridge which will lead to a whispered tip to the media and in an instant--we see the exposed story on CNN.. . Most found guilty don't see prison time; they're quietly exiled into a quiet resination and before long--they're forgotten.  Sadly, they walk free from their misdeeds when they should equally be handed justice's escort to jail or prison.Politics has always been corrupted since the first political movement in history - just reading the Bible from a historical point of view can show you just how corrupt.Politics empowers the statesmen as it gives them power.It is just natural tendency to abuse and misuse this power.Once in power the politician enjoys status and influence.People fawn over these people in order to get a favour.Also most of these elected politicians election campaign have been funded by lobbyists and mafia dons.Hence these politicians are bound to repay thses crooks for getting them elected.There is a nexus these days and this vicious cirlce will never end unless the aspect of money does not stop playing such an important role in the field of politics.the best liars are getting into officeBecause Power Corrupts,absolute power crrupts absolutely-thats why.becoz people want to get things done faster in their favour
Good-looking young woman whose voice is average at best. In fact not one of this year's final five has the talent of the last 10 in last year's competition. This is indeed a weak crop of talent, and Katherine isn't even the best of those.her singing is pretty good and she's quite pretty, but i haven't heard her sing enough times to see if she is really great or just ok.
Thats where the term "German Gas" came about - introduction of chemical warfare: chlorine and mustard gas.. . Today we have evolved to VX and CK. God help us all.Actually it was more like 1914 - 1918! The fighting of the Allies against Germany took place in trenches all throughout Europe. They used the typical fire power (guns, mortars, grenades) to fight each other, including the horrid element of mustard gas.  If you need information for a paper for school go to the website below!IT got boring for Commanders who felt it was a game for campers. So they juiced up the Speed of War and now it ends in a matter of minutes
1980... it was the best... wish i could go back to that time again... we drank then went to the ocean for the week.... enjoy these days... life kinda passes toooo fast and the fun stops happening!  have a great future!Never went.  Me and 3 others - a guy and 2 girls - went out drinking and skinny dipping instead.  We heard later it was more fun than the prom...
AS A YOUNG BMAN U HAVE TO STRIKES AGAINST U U JUST HAVE TO HAVE POSITIVE PPL AROUND AND NOT GET CAUGHT UP IN THE WRONG THINGS PROVE THAT THERE ARE SOME GOOD BMEN OUT THEREwell think of it this way. because of racism, blacks were suppresed by the whites, so they could not think freely and were restricted from many things. they probably had to be very careful around white people so as not to anger them, otherwise something bad might happen.excuse me ! one word CRACKA
Depends on where you trespassed and what you did while you were there.Simple trespass , not at all . Depending on your record . There are just to many variables to answer this one .LIFE WITHOUT PAROLE!
Not true, a lot is known about this region of the ocean. Some would say that this area of the ocean is studied more so than any other. Methane gas appears to be the most logical possibility as it has been recreated in testing to prove that a methane gas bubble would cause a ship to sink extremely fast and also if a very large methane gas bubble were to pop it could very well effect an airplane engine.use this. http://www.bermuda-triangle.org/. best answer?Its a mystery to me. (i will score ten for this one,just watch this space)
That isn't true at all!!! naomi campell, iman, tyra banks just to name a few. no skin tone isn't want makes you beautifuli don't know but there is other models that are black and other races too :)a high I.Q is very attractive, not fake boobs.I find smart women prettier than shallow,selfish women. the kind of women that watch American Idol are not for me. the kind of women who are real are.most models hail from brazil ... a fact for you.. and their skin color ranges from white to brown..color of skin is irrelevant for models. it's the body figure that counts most.that and it's believed that white models can sell a product better, after all the target market is generally caucasians. ppl think black models are only marketed for the black community. ditto for asian models as well. it doesn't help the fact that even asians are more prone to buy a product that features white models than their counterpart, with the mentality that foreign goods are better than local goods - the influx of foreign clothing brands into the asian market is proof of that. but the perception is slowly changing i feel.I think that is too high.  Maybe it's because the modeling agencies are predominantly owned by white people.Where do you get your figures? Sounds stupid to me.Is 99% an accurate statistic? The reason most models are white is the same reason most models are women and most models are young- advertising agencies have what you call "target audiences". The target audiences for fashion magazines are waspy women who will buy the clothes contained within- the clothes the models wear. When a target audience is latino, the agency will pick a latino model. If the target audience is older women and the ad is not aiming to get people to buy something by making them realize how old they are, the agency will pick an older model. I'm not saying this captialist consumerism is good or right but just that it is... and that it is why 99% of models are white. . To answer the second part of your question, no, caucasian skin/features have no subconscious attatchments to beauty. In fact, the opposite is true, when speaking of mainstream caucasian features. There has been developed by scientists a "template" for the beautiful face (the body's beauty is subjet to opinion based on culture, trends, and personal taste)- the beautiful face is the one that is most symmetrical, has large eyes, fuller (but not massively full) lips, smooth, even skin, and thick, healthy hair. The reason for this is that humans are sexually/subconsciously attracted to whomever will breed the best, i.e. young, healthy people. The healthiest people (genetically + medically) are symmetrical and have good skin and hair. Young people have larger eyes and also have better skin and hair. I honestly don't remember the explanation for why fuller lips are attractive. However, none of these physical features are traditionally white- people of Latino, African, Asian and Pacific Island descents generally have those traits, whereas typical caucasians have thinner hair, thinner lips, smaller eyes, and are more prone to skin problems because they have thinner skin (which requires more oil and wrinkles more easily). . So no, white is not subconsciously associated with beauty and it is not the reason that most models we see are white.This is because most people in America are white.Plus the are a lot of african american models.Tyra Banks is one just right off the top of my head.Watch deal or no deal 2 nite if you want to see african american models and white models!!
Do a search for "podcast" and the name of the newspaper. Some are free. some charge, some don't exist.. . Good looking.Buy the daily newspaper online which is in text format. Go to download.com and search for a 'text reader' software. Download the best reader which will suit for your purpose. Usually these software comes with text to mp3 feature, your have to upgrade the downloaded free trail version. So once when you upgrade highlight all the text, copy and paste it in the text reader. Finally convert the text to mp3.
I agree with Tonia...also its all the other nations that wish catastrophe in our beautiful country that they so longed for before they got here...we really need to put our foot down...HARDthats not a question an american would askWhy not, everyone else is illegally migrating there :pI sure hope it doesn't!! I think it's more like the whole world could be at the verge of some sort of nuclear or viral war. I think if something horrible were to hit the USA, it would retaliate with equal or more force to whoever was found to be at fault, just like that Hiroshima atomic bomb incident.because it's inevitable. death comes upon everything at some point. rome might have lasted a thousand years, but it too "died".. . everything "dies" eventually; it's either destroyed or rendered extinct, or it's changed so much that it loses its original identity.
A hurricane is a result of specific weather conditions.  They don't simply exist.well its just a natural resource i guess it just has to happenTo release energy stored in the oceans in the form of heat.
it was in the town of union on hwy a.  i live in union.  the paper is called the washington missourian.  u might beable to find it there.If you know the town it happened in, but do not know the name of the local newspaper, contact Missouri Press Association's website. This will have every newspaper published, and hopefully you will find an account of the incident.the young man was telling the man mowing his grass,his father,that he failed in calculus.his father got a heart attack and died.he hit a rock it flew out and ricocheted off the car hitting the man in the head and killed him
by giving only a part of the story or reporting only what one guy said.  It is not an even look at the world... that is why i like to look into alternative, indie news sources.  they are biased also but by cross referencing you can usually get a pretty good understanding of what is going onalways the media lies.never ever in  a single situation they try to bring the reality to the public but only something they will show which will boost theyer trp ratings!!. they just lie all the time!!They lie through omission of facts.By not digging deep enough for the facts. They think the public is a bunch of retards... they could be right, though!by being paid advertisments for the richer political party.It tells me if I am beautiful and have lots of money, everyone will love me and I can get whatever I want.. . .... . Wait, that's true.By portraying the world how they see it, not how it actually isAll media is a lie!  Everything we see is a lie!  Propaganda to the max.  You think Usama Bin Laden actually planned 9/11?  We're all too stupid to know that Bush paid him a large sum of money!  Everything's an act!  That was my example.The Kaiser Permamente Kidnet Transplant Program in San Francisco had none of the bad outcomes that local media is reporting.  Further, they are refusing to print any reports to the contrary of what they are currently reporting.  I guess bad news sells more papers than good news.  A-S-S-Holes.By filling your mind with what they want it full of.By portraying the world from an opinionated view and giving out half truths.. Or just half the truth.. By the focus on western society and simply forgetting the rest of the world even in global news.. For instance African riots are on TV but an African Female Nobel-prize winner barely gets coverage.. Why do you think people still make a fuss about the JFK murder and WW2 ?
i suppose it paid for bands and cleanup and what was leftover the organizer gotit was spent on more drugsIt didn't actually make any money....It became a free concert. It made money after from record sales.
Do something outstanding or weird.I think you need to start as a intern at a radio station or news station.. You should take some college classed about media. Talk to a counselor at your local community college they can help you with career goals.
The same reason they shouldn't make Ballet training compulsory: it's a waste of time and money, and a violation of the people's rights.. . In the world political climate, there's no need to have 20 000 000 lightly-trained soldiers who will almost certainly never go to war. No country is facing the need to engage in a conflict of that magnitude and there's no reason to believe they will in the foreseeable future.. . Also, with the high tech level military, a few thousand soldiers well trained in combat scenarios and who are experienced with the advanced technology will easily trump masses of people who spent a year in boot camp ten years ago.Well, where do I start.I do not believe that Australia should make militay training compulsory.I do believe that some criminals need military training. Maybe this might get some of them in to shape, also maybe it may be a good idea to train some people that are on the dole. But Australia is a country of free speech, we already have compulsory voting here. The only place in the world. Do we really want the Government to control everything.Beacuse they don't know where to deploy or how to use their military!
what is a manger???check out a book named Whale Done.. . http://toolscart.com/comersus6f/store/comersus_viewItem.asp?idProduct=754. . It help me outU mut lern ow to spel and rul wit iron fitsthe best lesson i learned as a manager is never expect others to do what you can't or won't do yourself.  i had a give and take philosophy also, for example, people always wanted to get off early but there was one guy that only wanted off early on fridays.  so, since everyone else got off early the rest of the week, they were required to stay on fridays to the other guy could leave early.  you work for me and i'll work for you.what's a manger?. . personally, i always carry a clipboard and a bullwhip.how do i answer you without knowing the meaning of the 'manger'?
Demand, Supply, and potential changes (up or downwards) in future demand and supply.. Politics and policies also at times guide prices, for eg: elections coming so reduce cost of fuel through over supply or reduced taxes or like Norway high taxes to reduce consumption.It affects lots of countries: transportation (ground like cars, buses.. or airlines like very expensive tickets), heating systems.... It affects different levels of our lives and societies.Power and wars between America and others!!!!!!!!!cause-demnd is higher that supply(so they say....) . effect- less people splurging on needeless things.instead of blowing $200 at the mall, that money goes into the tank...
Sue someone.they got damn lucky.  and the media talks about those people.  media doesn't talk about ordinary peoplePeople invest their filthy money.hit tha lottertyOK let me tell you what my dad has always said . "You have to work for what you want in this life, NOTHING is given to you" . So if you want to be rich you have to be educated or have a gift like in sports or comedy or art or vocal/musical. God gave you a gift now find it and use it for the GOOD will of man and in Jesus name and he wil bless you.Become president if you are in a developing country
All the wars are cold, which one? We are in one now!!!The Soviet Union fell and became Russia. The Soviet Union lost it's status as a superpower in the world. The United States gained much more strength defeating Russia. America is now the most powerful country in the world. AFter the Cold War until because of the Cold War many countries are scared of America and only in recent times has that fear begun to fade, but America because of the Cold War is still the only superpower in the world.that would depend on where exactly in the cold war(the united States, Cuba, Soviet Union, etc.)The U.S. is still dealing with the effects of the cold war.. The U.S. did not win the war. We didnt win many wars at all, if we did we would not be where we are today. Scared of the other countries.
Nancy is fancy. Nancy is Yancy . Nancy gets call Nan and than Ann. Hey its my MomDefinitions of Nancy: . . . noun:   a city in northeastern France in Lorraine . name:  A female given name (very common: 1 in 149 females; popularity rank in the U.S.: #12) . name:  A surname (very rare: popularity rank in the U.S.: #33182)Used as a disparaging term for an effeminate man, especially a homosexual man.nancy is a girls name.. i mean a name like that for a boy would be pretty stupid.. it is also a city in france. and is a term for a gay malemea term for a gay person . " look at the nancy "A girl's name.JUST SMILE AT THE IDIOT AND NOD YOUR HEAD DEAR!!! AND KEEP WALKING!!!A sweet name for a girl.A name.. . What's in a name? . That which we call a rose. By any other name would smell as sweet. . . Ah, Shakespeare...It is also sometimes a slang derogatory term for an effeminate man or boy.My nameA girl's nameNancy is the name of my mother...rest her soul and a co-workerIts a girls name, but also a word used to describe a wussy male.
The discovery of the Philippines was actually an accident because Magellan was planning on going to Mollucas to trade spices with the natives, but he landed in the Philippines, where he tried to colonize, and where he ultimately died in the hands of the natives. This is how the colonization of the Philippines began, and one of the many reasons is that the Philippines has alot of natural resources, spices. It also serves as a new market for Spanish goods and it expanded the Spanish Empire to Asia. Spanish colonization flourished that resulted in hordes of Catholic missionaries trying to Christianize the indigenous people there.There is no reason!They probably thought it would be a cool place for vacation and future condo development.  Or maybe they were just attracted to the cute chickies...A guy will travel half way around the world for a sure thing.
Yip it's all the yucky stuff of food you eat that your body doesn't want... the smellier the better!!!!It's an evolutionary mechanism that causes you to be disgusted by your own feces so that in times of hunger you will not be tempted to eat it and make yourself sick.  Why does sex feel so good ?  Because it's an evolutioary mechanism to ensure that we continue to make babies.Because it is the bad coming out of your body. It's like having something in a container such as  left over food. When it goes off it stinks so that is why we stink- it's our off bits.Because you are breathing in aspirated poop molecules- I'm serious.  That's why loose poop (ie- diarrhea) is smeller than solid poop.because its ewwwwwwwbecause its all the left over stuff from food....its poop it sticks, o welljust think of your poop as an old counter top... You leave those baked beans out all month... They start to get really sdtinky. C'mon... POOP is old acid dissolved food.
Rusty Trombone  788 up, 100 down  .  .  To get rimmed whilst recieving a hearty reach round, thus resembling a trombone player in full chorus.. . Phoebe's rendition on my rusty trombone last night, was so moving, it bought a tear to my eye.That is where you lick a guys hole while stroking him.  Enjoy playing the music...The act of performing anal cunnilingus while reaching up above the testicles to manually administer quick up and down motions to the penile shaft; resulting in a violent yet pleasant explosion. It is then customary for the female to then give a quick blow into the anus for good luck, the lips blowing into the anus sounds very similar to a trombones sweet melody. This was introduced to the Americas in the late 50's.. . While receiving a rusty trombone I lost control of my bowels
There is evil in this world.  Then there is a disregard for others that also contribute to it.. . Personally, I'm more worried about knife violence, because even if you are able to fight of a bad guy with a knife your going to get cut up.  That's one of the many reasons I carry because a bad guy with a knife will ALWAYS back down when he has a gun shoved back in his face if he believes your not afraid to pull the triggerPoverty, crime and drugs...OH and there is the "people are just crazy factor"
Be true to ur emotions and have feeling and concerns for her. Respect her selfrespect and let her know that how concerned u r for her. It will work.skill and talentwith love and trust.Pick up a cherry by the stem with just your bare butt cheeks - works every time!love,talent,skill,personality,sympathy,money....etc.just be king
In your email account...click on compose. The follow the instructions on where to send it, etc.^^   u must have an email adress, and hav the email addy of the person u want to send, go to ur mail, compose and send thats it.The same way you ask this question.ask first the e-mail address, go to yahoo mail and follow the instructions.I haven't quite figured it out either.. . . Of course.....I'm in Oklahoma.   Many of us still use Smoke Signals out here.
People start jokes about something, either because they don't like something, or because they feel threatened by it (jealousy) Maybe it was the brunette women who were jealous of the attention the blondes were getting even when it came out of a bottle.  I am a bottle blonde but I'm not dumb, however I do beleive there are some dumb blondes out there, there are also some dumb brunettes and red-heads too.  The Irish joke about the English, the English joke about the Irish.  It's life.xYou must not know too many blonde'sWell if you were to ask someone what the stereo typical bimbo would look like 9 times out of 10 they would have blond hair. Vally girls started in Cali, they dumbed down the English language w/ using "Like" every other word. From that people caught on and started telling jokes about them.this is a long shot and i have nothing to back it up, but when it comes to history i dont see many black and white photos of women with light colored hair.. . the women coming from other countries/areas literally may have not had the same education. . as far as i know this is a mainly american trend... . bleh just going off on nothingBecause blondes have more fun and we're all envious of that!!! . . Natural blonde hair is so pretty in the sun, and most of us want what we haven't got, so the non-blondes started the blonde jokes.. . I guess to spend so much time and money bleaching your hair if you aint a natural blonde might make it look as if you weren't a very deep person.... . Some blondes do put on a dumb persona...(they know it attracts a certain sort of man...well maybe they aint so dumb...). . It goes with the mystique about blondes, and I was just thinking of the old saying "Gentlemen prefer blondes but marry brunettes) As a dark haired child I hated that. I wanted to be the one the gentlemen prefered!. . From a non-blonde (who still has fun)it started with a feaw blonds going on as if theye are daft and theye wear.so like every thing in life every one who is blond gets tard with the same brush and that is ashame because all blonds are not daftThere was a time when it was believed that blond is absloute beauty and therefor a lot of girls started dying their hair. Blonds then started making jokes about the "fake" blonds and it stuck...Yep JealousyJEALOUSYthey told something and people started laughing so they liked it!
usually, yes. especially if the temperature rapidly drops and the wind picks upWell not in Northern Ireland it doesn't.A change in temp and wind directions do signify a tornado.
It is God's will!!!!!!!likely has something to do with your birthdateDestiny is a predermined natural set of practical occurences that unfold as we attempt to live our lives, this is manifested in our realm of understanding by our preconceived notions and limited minds.. An alluring question with endless irrational arguements can only be case studied sincerely to come to a logical conclusion. That being a greater power with unlimited resources that dictates the actions that we have no control over and within this sphere we are left pondering the very purpose of our existence.
I stand in front of a mirror and strip--oh, oh, you meant buried didn't you.  And sorry did not know what oshen meant.  Try the ABC box with a check mark under the ABC's, you know the one next to Check Spelling.Have the Girls go Topless!!did you mean buried? and did you mean ocean? did you know there is a spell checker here?
He did. Now he's selling it at astronomical prices so he can line his pockets. I guess he's not as stupid as everybody thinks,is he?He's using it to fly to texasmost of it is going to national reserves, but the coast of getting it was way more than expected.Migrate to venezuela there the price of gas is 12 cents for a gallonhe was not going to steal from any one. please be real.i never heard him say anything about stealing gas from anyone. why don't the liberals allow drilling in our part of the world, it would bring down gas prices and dependence on foreign oil and it is plentiful.he is giving it to the oil companies so they can be making record profitsHe kept it for his self.Try living in England and paying our prices - you wouldn't believe what  we have to paynothing is happening to the oil, bush and his buddies you know the one that is a not so good shot(Cheney's got a gun)?well guess what the very same bush who invented a good way to justify a war(letting 9/1/1 happen),is receiving kick-backs from Big Oil while the Iraqui people get it for .12 a gallon just don't get me startedWell first, the US does not steal in such a public fashion.. if we do it.. its done much better.. . We may hold resoucese.. however in the case of the oil in iraq we did not nationlize the efforts..  Instead they are allowed to control their own oil.. . Oil prices are high for several reasons.. . China and Russia are currently using a larger portion of oil then ever before.  This will only get worse.. . Opec has set the price at a high rate due to the fact they know there is a shortage due to increased usage.. . The US has not been building modern oil processing plants (Due to a lot of enviromental wacks not wanting it done).. . Oil companies are also see just how high they can move thigns to try and make record profits, but stay just under the radar so congress does not screw with them.lmao,good one!Due to Bush's Government saying that they will nuke Iran.  That put up the price of gas.. . So blame Mr "I want to stop all the terrorist killers*" Bush.. . *Yes he did say that.He's filling up his gas reserves in Texas and Colarado....and now that they are again friends with Libiya...more oil can be obtained...and they are going to attack Iran sometime..install a puppt government there too...and take away the oil from them also..its all about oil...why are they not interested in any other place on this earth...(north korea..u may point out...but thats purely co's they don't want another country in the vicinity of China to be against them in the case of a standoff with china)....these people are planning things for 30 years from now...wake up world...
I have to suspect that private industry will only put research into technology that has a profit stream.  Their interest is in the survival of their company and profitability to their stockholders, and not to providing cheap energy to America.. . In this light, the best organization to move aggressively toward developing replacement energy technology would be the US government.. . As long as corporate dollars fund the political parties and their campaigns, I see no chance of that happening.Too busy interfering in other countries matters!Good question...the people who eventually do discover an alternative fuel source will make hundreds of billions of dollars.  The entire energy sector is so short sighted, focused in on immediate profits instead of a long-term stategy that would pay far more in the long run.  I guess that America isn't the land of innovation and imagination anymore.It is. A group of transportation engineers and professors from led by Greg Maizlish have started the California Hallitube initative. But the big lightrail firms want to keep on building lightrail for 40 million dollars per mile, but that money is not there. Help out by telling your friends about Hallitubes. Don't kid yourself, all this was worked out long ago by a bunch of rich old men, when the time comes and the public has truly had enough, "a phoenix shall rise from the ashes" and everybody will be so tickled pink with themselves for being clean and good to the environment that we will pay even more money for the next version of fuel, guess what... it will be WATER, watch and see. . Why do you think companies like GE and Siemens are buying up water companies like there hair is on fire. Look into it.. Same reason the medical field will not reveal the cures. They sell medication. If you fix the problem, you can't sell repair kits.Brazil will be energy independent by next year so why can't the best country in world?Because it will probably be better for are economyAs long as we're run by Texans guess where we'll get our energy from .It is. A group of transportation engineers and professors from  led by Greg Maizlish have started the California Hallitube initative. But the big lightrail firms want to keep on building lightrail for 40 million dollars per mile, but that money is not there. Help out by telling your friends about Hallitubes. (Google it)Oil and resource companies own everything.... there is no money in continuing to look at alternative energies.... but there should be. Once we wreck our world... then what do we do?because the US has its head screwed on backwards.  it is more concerned with little trival things rather than things that make a difference in the average americans life.College education, which is actually indentured servitude, crushes the spirit of the few people smart enough to invent this new technology.  Since we are brainwashed to think that geniuses are freaks who enjoy being treated like slaves, we think that they can reach their full potential under this childish and insulting system.  There simply is no hope of anyone coming up with this technology until at least the highest IQs are paid a high salary and free tuition for their raw talent.  Asking them to sacrifice and they will not produce, no matter how much they lie to themselves that they don't mind not being paid for grades.Don't kid yourself, all this was worked out long ago by a bunch of rich old men, when the time comes and the public has truly had enough, "a phoenix shall rise from the ashes" and everybody will be so tickled pink with themselves for being clean and good to the environment that we will pay even more money for the next version of fuel, guess what... it will be WATER, watch and see.Not until we get a Democrat in the Whie House.Same reason the medical field will not reveal the cures. They sell medication.. If you fix the problem, you can't sell repair kits.
The safe-haven metal is expected to continue attracting buying due to political unrest, worries about inflation, uncertain global economic growth, unstable currency markets and hopes of buying by central banks. According to a Reuters report, almost stagnant mine supply coupled with rising output costs, growing investor interest in new tools like exchange traded funds and diversification by funds into commodities for strong returns also have boosted the metal's allure.Because the world is on the verge of turning "Mad Max" on us, and when it does, that will be the only form of universal currency.. . Don't care - I'm invested!. . Seriously - a tamer version of that same fear.Gold's price is directly related to the prices of oil. The price of oil is going high and thats the reason why Gold's price is also going high.The beauty of Gold is it never tarnishes it's forever, most other metals break down or oxidize gold is forever.because its extremely hard to find just like diamondsWho cares!! . . While platnium was on everyone's mind, I purchsed a lot of gold (nothing major just personal pieces here and there). . . When I lost my job a few months back I tried selling it in order to pay my bills. But they were offering me so little on the dollar that I didn't sell anything and decided to swallow my pride and ask a relative for a huge loan.  SInce then I have recovered, paid back my debt (and bought the relative a cruise to show my appreciation) and I am glad to report that I still own my gold!!   . . Yay me!  (I agree with FIGATO)Welll,it is simple economic sense...(I am not trying to tick you off,or denigrate you). Quite a few countries have defaulted on loans over the last few decades....OR they have de valued the countries currency.. Most countries use precious metals to assure the countries,and people who invest in them.. When a country has nuthin to back the currency,except the promise of the politicians...... Politicians come and go. But GOLD and precious metals have maintained the stability of a countries economies. . Gold,Platinum,and other tangible assets are the things that many countries use to "Back" the value of the regions money. . A country can print as much money as they have the ink and paper to do so.. When an economy is based on what a group of people has to say...Well.. The USA had the Stock Market Crash of October 1929, the money was not worth the paper and ink used to print it.Gold has risen around 35 percent this year as investors diversified into precious metals as a hedge against global tensions, including over Iran's nuclear ambitions, rising energy costs and uncertainty about the dollar's outlook.. . Blame the US, just think about it.its going up becuase gold companies are holding their gold in. it started with the war we are in, cuz of mr. bush. and since prices went sky high gold companies are holding their gold, inorder to increase it even more. beacuase it will be more prophetable for them. And its gonna reach 850 in my opinion. My dad and i are a jewelry mfg. and we are sufferering from this gold prices. Good luck to you with gold. I would buy some cuz its gonna go up to 850. If we go to war with IRAN expect 1000 for gold.well actually the price of gold isn't going skywards that fast. what really is going sky high is platinum my friend. try buying some of that!It's been such a desirable metal for thousands of years. Many cultures used gold as a sign of wealth and beauty.
You are in a rather specialized field.  Which probably means that there are only so many jobs in your area of expertise that are available at any given time.  Sounds like you should expand your search nationally, and think about relocating.Hello,. . Please try http://www.abouthr.com/search.php it has many links to multiple job sites: . . http://www.abouthr.com/search.php. . Thanks,. . http://www.websiteaz.comYou arenot trying hard enough to find oneMaybe you should improve your English language and grammar.  Professionals should be understood by everyone.  One wrong translation could prove to be a stumbling stone to your fate.
Because there is somebody out there that gets greeder by the gallon!!! They don't have to worry about gas. They ride on a limousine.it is expensive because america applies pressure to the countries with great supplies of gas and therefore they have to rise up the prices.yes I agree with youha ha dont make me laugh, your petrol is so bloody cheap, come to england mate if you want to see real rip off mearchantsIn a word: GreedMy personal reasons are as follows.  The oil producing countries are seeking more of your money to fuel their quest for the ever elusive oil.
interesting thought... never thought of this before.  i'm not sure what the answer is.  all i know is that there are already so many awards shows out there -- i don't know if i could take another one.  the best reason i can see is the one you offered: people would say it was racist (though i don't think that's true).THe Golden Globe awards if for ya'll.. P.S., Tom Cruise got an award on BET.So maybe u should watch more of the Bet awards, than 2 critisize BET.THanks.
It shouldn't be any more, if ever. I asked the same question a while back myself.Because the media has no other capability to report any thing better. Also they are under fall pre-tense that the Holloway case still draws audience. Morons!!because her family can afford it,
During the War of Independance the British Army set fire to the original house. It was badly burned and blackened by the smoke.. When it was rebuilt after we let you win your independance you painted it white to hide the smoke damage. Its been like that ever since.Because its not Blue! . . The White House is a white-painted, neoclassical sandstone mansion located at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW in Washington, D.C.Because none has named it so.Because it's a white...house.because it is a white houseits color?
Litterally, it means "city of the dead". "Necro" means "of the dead" and "opolis" is "city".. . The word is used to describe a large cemetary, usually one that you go down into, like catacombs.i believe it means "City of the Dead"From Dictionary.com. "A cemetery, especially a large and elaborate one belonging to an ancient city.". . It has also been used to mean a "city of the dead" or a city without living citizens in some popular fiction.city of the dead like a series of mauseleumsA huge cemetary.  The word means city of the dead.. There is a huge nectropolis in Cairo, Egypt.Necropolis. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to: navigation, search.  . View of the Etruscan necropolis of Banditaccia, in Cerveteri, Italy. . Necropolis - athlete tomb (Taranto), ItalyA necropolis (plural: necropolises or necropoleis) is a large cemetery or burying-place, literally a "city of the dead". Apart from the occasional application of the word to modern cemeteries outside large towns, the term is chiefly used of burial grounds near the sites of the centers of ancient civilizations.. . The oldest necropolis in the world is probably the Hypogeum of ?al-Saflieni in Paola, Malta which dates back to 2500 BC.. . Necropolises were built for many reasons. Sometimes their origin was purely religious: the Valley of the Kings in Egypt is a prime example. Other cultures created necropolises in response to prohibitions on burials within city limits: especially noteworthy and rich of artpieces are those from the Etruscan civilization found in southern Tuscany and northern Lazio regions of Italy. In the Roman Empire, roads immediately outside towns therefore came to be lined with funerary monuments. Examples of this kind of necropolis can be found on the Appian Way just outside Rome and at the Alyscamps in Arles, France.. . During the 19th century, necropolises enjoyed a revival spurred by the Victorian fashion for large, elaborate memorials.. . A modern-day example of a necropolis may be Colma, California. This suburb of San Francisco has been used for decades to bury San Francisco's (among others) dead. The citizens had felt it necessary to bury the dead outside of city limits, and perhaps out of sight as well. Colma recently has become more of a working-class suburb, but the dead still outnumber the living in this small town.. . The word is often used with a different connotation in fantasy literature; for instance, it might refer to a city populated by zombies or other undead creatures.A necropolis (plural: necropolises or necropoleis) is a large cemetery or burying-place, literally a "city of the dead". Apart from the occasional application of the word to modern cemeteries outside large towns, the term is chiefly used of burial grounds near the sites of the centers of ancient civilizations.. . The oldest necropolis in the world is probably the Hypogeum of ?al-Saflieni in Paola, Malta which dates back to 2500 BC.. . Necropolises were built for many reasons. Sometimes their origin was purely religious: the Valley of the Kings in Egypt is a prime example. Other cultures created necropolises in response to prohibitions on burials within city limits: especially noteworthy and rich of artpieces are those from the Etruscan civilization found in southern Tuscany and northern Lazio regions of Italy. In the Roman Empire, roads immediately outside towns therefore came to be lined with funerary monuments. Examples of this kind of necropolis can be found on the Appian Way just outside Rome and at the Alyscamps in Arles, France.. . During the 19th century, necropolises enjoyed a revival spurred by the Victorian fashion for large, elaborate memorials.. . A modern-day example of a necropolis may be Colma, California. This suburb of San Francisco has been used for decades to bury San Francisco's (among others) dead. The citizens had felt it necessary to bury the dead outside of city limits, and perhaps out of sight as well. Colma recently has become more of a working-class suburb, but the dead still outnumber the living in this small town.. . The word is often used with a different connotation in fantasy literature; for instance, it might refer to a city populated by zombies or other undead creatures.City of the dead, like a cemetery or graveyard.a big place filled with something usualy gooda cemetery, especially a large, elaborate, or ancient onetry dictionary.com, that always worksLiterally translated Necropolis means city of the dead or city of death. necro:death polis:cityI dunno. is this for homework?.          -_-
The Superfund cleanup is removing the toxic materials left from the mining activities in the district since the late 19th century.  Thousands of tons of heavy metals were discharged by the mines and smelters into the air and water.  The EPA's website (see link below) has good info on the background and progress of the cleanup.Have you tried the Environmental Protection Agency website ( www.epa.gov )? It has a list of all the Superfund sites by state, and would be a great starting point for you.
Doesn't rain all the time everywhere.   And it takes a lot of water to sustain hundreds of golf courses in the middle of the great SouthWest desert.Oh boy--love the golf course answer.  . . Give him the ten points.School must be out.It's the wrong type of rain
The left FaR left media starting with the New York Post,The Washington Times and the LA Times only wants you to here one side of an issue ,their side.If the papers used the word Illegal any thing it would not fit the need they most want and that is to sell papers and beet up on the right thinkers they do not agree with.There stores can not stand THE light from both side so they shine the spot light on what they want you to think and do not even mention. that these people are trespassing in our country.We are all immigrants here so no one has a problem with immigrants hell we are one.Therefore the press wants you to feel sorry of the poor depress people coming to our border for the same privileges we have here they can not get in Mexico.No one blames the immigrants that follow the law.IN British Columbia they welcome all immigrants as you want in and have a degree in Medicine law mathematics are some thing they can use.Yes you can buy your way into that country with money.We the USA do not CARE IF YOU HAVE A PENNY BUT WE EXPECT YOU TO COME IN LEGAL,LEARN HOW OUR GOVERNMENT AND LEARN TO SPEAK OUR LANGUAGE.Which media station did you hear that from?  I've only heard illegal immigrants being knocked.Two reasons that I can see. One is that many immigrants support letting the illegals stay, and will join them in the protests. The other is to begin to sway public opinion to allow them to stay.AMEN. The news media is the enemy of the US.Amen!we believe that our. country has evolved because we have had rules/laws so that all citizens. have had an "equal opportunity." Most people don't try to do an end run. around the "rules" just for their own advantage. Most immigrants have. followed the laws and should be/are welcomed to the "melting pot" that. is America. Chaos happens in a family when children are allowed to do. whatever they like and demand their own way--and the parents give in!. What happens to this country under the same circumstances? . . All legal persons (not just citizens) have the right and responsibility. to show SUPPORT and RESPECT for our nation's laws and for our. Constitution. Is the info in the attached message a way to show support. and respect FOR our laws, not AGAINST any person? . . AMERICA was founded in truth and freedom UNDER LAW; may she continue to. hold that touch high as a beacon for ALL!!! . . Remember, this is about ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION, not Legal Immigration.have you thought who works there assess of in the feilds cuz i dont see any red necks out there or blacks we god damn knows that the reason y america sales alot of products is cuz of mexican buy alot of sh**t from here i dont know y people are against them they bust there ass just to give there children a future
Because they are worthless and lazy, and often illiterate.  They don't want to work for what they want, they would rather take what others worked for away from them.They are looking for someone to follow or a they are a risk taker!looking to fit in, not a good home life, or trying to make a statement that they feel makes them appear important.. Sad world these days... reallyWell if you are looking for a reason to join I wont give you that but I can give you 100 reasons not to. Parents get so wraped up in there own day to day lives that sometimes the kids get pushed to the wayside so the one thing all kids wnat need and desire is to be accepted at what they do and accomplish and if they can not find that in the strength of family or community they will find it where they can and Gangs try and make them beleive that they will find it there. By the time there in so deep and realize it is not what they wanted there in so deep they either can not or do not know how to get out. If parents, Family, and community were more involved in these hardned young lives we would not lose so many to the streets.
Where have you been? The legals are helping to rid this problem. They feel the same way we do about this problem, and believe me it's a problem. I do agree with you though.lolI agree!  . . *cheers*buy entering a country illegally then demanding you be treated better then citizens. . . it helps to find a country that is so worried about being politically correct and so afraid of being called a raciest they will give you everything.IF YOU WANT TO BECOME AN ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT, JUST SNEAK INTO MEXICO THAT'S ALL.go to Iraq or Italy without a pass portgo to mexicoCross the boarder to Mexico.why do u wannabe an illegal immigrant u have to pay more than 1$$ million dollars to get ur passport!!!what?
They don't have to, but I would, and I think most do. I don't think there's a specific amount because some even get cars, but not all families have the money to do this. They'll buy what they can afford.no but if they want toHA HA HA.... I likes your question.  If your parents are doing OK financially, then, it should be a few hundred cash.. . Yes, should be money, gift and party.   Few hundred in cash.  Gifts and prolly a party, with more gifts and money (from others).. . Should make about 2 G's easy.Supposed to? No.  It can be a nice and generous thing to do to commemorate the accomplishment that you all have achieved together. If given, it should be related to both the family's wealth and the value they attribute to education.  Both extravagance and miserliness should be avoided.. . I think that an even more appropriate gift would be from the student to his/her parents for all the support nurture and guidance they have given during these years. Without parents getting a high school education would be far more difficult.It is nice and it is tradition and how much is up to you.  What can you afford.  Between 20-$100 I think is normal just depends on your finances and what you want to give.absolutely, and they should get them a car.  So they can get a job and go to work or go to college.  Yes, get them a car.no . they should want a education for themselves not because mom and dad said they were gonna buy ya somthing .  you need to think about it,do we really need to be motivated to learn. and I wouldnt except anything less than a $40,000 car.They dont have to but it is nice to receive some sort of "Im proud of you" gift. it doesnt have to be expensive just come from the heart.Yes of corse you are supposed to give of get a gift for graduation....I would say that it shgould cost about 100.yes and i'd say at least more than $20Supposed to, NO! If they would like to then go ahead. I do think the cost of throwing a party now a days is costly. Why can't that be enough for todays youth? Yes, they might have worked hard or just passed by the skin of their teeth. It's up to the individual family. Gifts can be great, but love and support are better!
Do you think they'd sue?  My guess is that if they sued, the network would turn their evidence over to the DA for prosecution.. . The truth is an adequate defense against libel and slander.I am proud to have been apart of the www.angrygerman.com web site.  It is based here in Portland Oregon and was the first in the nation to do exactly what Dateline is doing.. . As far as I know they have never been sued.I think it's because they were breaking the law and they lose their rights. Guess I don't really know though..It would be the same thing as the police doing a sting and remember it was the police who reached out to the group that were trying to keep the predators off the street in the first place.  Remember the Chief in the beginning said they sought the help, and being that the police feel they are untouchable in a sense, and they believe they have a case, they don't need signed releases from the predators.  Also, the police had the evidence from the chat room conversations, and some of the predators had admitted why they had come to the house.  For the ones who tried to escape, being that it was a sting, they couldn't lie their way out.when you break the law you do not need a signed release why are they on the net with 14 and 15 year old that could have been your daughter niece sister cousin anybody close to home
There is a variety of thinking on this. Try these:. . Effects theory:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Effects_theory. . Media Dependancy: http://www.uky.edu/~drlane/capstone/mass/dependency.htm. . Hostile Media Effect:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hostile_media_effectit basically studies the effects the media has on the public: how for example the violence portrayed in the various media causes (or tends to cause) increased aggression or violence in the audience / consumer (especially children).. . Some argue that it is not really a theory, as it lacks a meaningful theoretical grounding; instead it is more like a hypothesis.
It was the only long stretch of highway back in the 1940's that connected east to west pretty much.  It was used during the great "dust bowl"  when many of the migrant workers had no work and traveled west in search of work or just better working conditions.  Work was a very hard thing to come by in those days, we don't know how good we have it!It's a fabulous clothing line.That's the bus number I go to work in.Its Mother Road.rout 66 goes from one end of the country t the other its where you get your kicks!!!It was the best of times WW2 was just over gas was seven cents a gallon.young people where getting married right and left, and driving rt.66 to honnymoons,and renunions. worries where few, life was good. just thinking about rt.66 makes me feel good, the way it used to be.http://www.historic66.com/
It is not really a constitutional issue - not everything the SCOTUS hears is constitutional.  It was an issue regarding whether she has standing to pursue her case, and it was decided that she does, so she can.The agrument is whether or not the federal government has the right to interject its opinion into a state probate matter.  I believe they have ruled that the feds. have no place in probate matters.if she be gettin that big cash money or not.  i think she do diserve it cause she did that do with that old foggie.Its not a constitutional issue.  It was a question of federal oversight because the stupid judge in the state court ruled that she was not allowed to take the case to a federal court.  That's not how it works and the judge was overstepping his boundaries.  The normal process is Anna Nicole could try to take it to the Federal Court and the Federal court chooses whether to accept it based on whether it is part of their jurisdiction.  We can't allow lower courts to decide whether people are allowed to take cases to federal courts so the Supreme Court of the United States stepped in to clarify that.  Their ruling was that the case goes to a federal court.
Same as any other country in the world. If the press aren't allowed to tell what's going on, then what's the point of watching the news or buying a newspaper?. A lot of African governments tell the people a lot of propaganda.Because it indicates that the Government in power is open to criticism. Where freedom of the press does not exist it invariably indicates some form of dictatorship and that does does not equate to good governance.
Rabies (from a Latin word meaning rage) is a viral disease that causes acute encephalitis in animals and people. It can affect most species of warm-blooded animals, but is rare among herbivores. In unvaccinated humans, rabies is almost invariably fatal once full-blown symptoms have developed, but prompt post-exposure vaccination usually prevents symptoms from developing.disease that is fatal. Can be cotnracted by dog bites, wild animals, skunks, and batsits a disease that u get, most commonly from dog bites..if they are rabid , that is. You lose ur appetite, start sweating excessively, satrt drooling like a dog (seriously)and u have non stop fevers. but the worst is u get hydrophobia- fear of water..unfortunately  this  disease has no cure right now..
the grass is green because of the chlorophyll in it that uses the suns energy to make food. chlorophyll has green pigment. . the sky is blue because it is the only color that passes through our atmosphere that our eyes can percieve.Congratulations!!. . You are the 881th person to ask this question in here (didn't even bother to check the "why is the grass green" part) Check out;. . http://answers.yahoo.com/search/search_result;_ylt=Atmdt4.f6oOiX8On.nhZXwcezKIX?p=why+sky+blue. . We are all looking forward to seeing your" which comes first; the chicken or the egg?" question.. . ;)- The grass is green thanks to a substance within it: the Chlorophyll, that the plants use to transform the light of the sun into energy to live.. . - The sky is a mass of gas that is blue because of one of the gases that form it: the Ozone, that is blue. Because there is a lot of that gas, the sky obtains its color.. . Almost all the things of the planet acquire their color by the substances that form them or that use to live.This is all news to me mate. I didn't know the grass was green or the sky was blue.Sky is not blue it has seen like that because of the breaking of the sun shines . . grass is green .....cause it's grassBecause if it was the other way then we'd be upside down!because God decided it will be so it is. duhnot realy .. i have seen dry old brown grass. and i have seen the most beautiful red yellow and purple sky.The perception of the color comes when the light bounces off the objects and enter our eyes.  Specific objects absorbs specific wavelegths of the light so only some wavelengths of the light gets bounced back and we see them as color.. . Grass is green because it contains a chemical call chlorophyll and its main purpose is to use light to manufacture norishment for the plant.. . Sky is blue because blue light gets bent more than all the other wavelengths of light by the air surrounding the earth.  If you look directly at the sun at sunrise or sunset, you will see yellow and red sky.. . http://math.ucr.edu/home/baez/physics/General/BlueSky/blue_sky.htmlSpectrum study of light & frequencies of spectrum colors would let you understand this answer. Kid
Owmy nutz. I crashed my bike and landed on the handlebars.Ash - because of my name Ashley.... . My Dad sometimes calls me Pearl...because he says that's the prettiest thing in the ocean...lol..I don't know why he chose that though ?!?!Mustang Sally   because I have 2 Mustangs a 1965 and a 2005Mine is DIPS. My dad nicknamed me Dips De DoodleBug when I was a child. I rarily tell any one, but Dips is my nick.daisy----cause no one catches my name correctly and older folks always have so i learned to answer and hey it could be worse!HAWK or Freckles LionHAWK, HAWK came of a day full of beer and sun, the same day that my two other friends became MOTH and SPARROW, they were like our code names, and the other was given to me by a good friend and EX because I have freckles, lion sounds like my first name and HAWK because it is my spirit animal, also heard that the 14th of march in native mythology. is the day of the hawk. and of course it . represents the omniscient eye, and is considered. one of the closest animal deities to the creator.. And that's my b-day.Ghetto Fabulous.  I'm not even ghetto so I don't know why.  I went to a ghetto high school i guess.Gindi - From my name Gurinder. Gudia - which means doll in hindi, my classmates gave me this name because i was the youngest and smallest in class.. My brother calls me "wasp" ;-)
tell the first boy that the other boy hates the boy from school.  then get the other boy to tell the first boy that you dont want to go with him, and you're going with the boy from school.  that will pit the first boy and the school boy against each other and get the other boys females involved cause they're now in the middle of it.  so the boy you like is now free for youI tried to read your question, I really did but I don't know what you are asking. What is heca?  Where are your commas?  Where is your punctuation?Well it's quite hard to understand what you wrote above coz i can only understand arabic and english... Well after trasnlation i did have a clue... . I think you should just show him that you'r not interested, try to not have a conversation with him and to avoid places where he is. If u cant solve it then just tell him honestly that u like him as a friend, he should understand.. . Then u can be with the boy u love ;)wait what can i help with???. email me with a easier reading question : )If you don't want to be with this guy you are with, tell him straight up. Don't make your life miserable if you don't want to be with him. If Thad's how you feel about him, his not meant to be with you. Let him go and tell the other fellow how you feel about him, and maybe his the one for you. As for my point of view, your waisting your time with this "lover boy", while you can be with someone you really do feel something for... think about it   :) neydaLil mama, you didn't tell how old you are, but I kind of figured out that you're young and have these "boys" crawling after you. Going out with guys just for fun can be dangerous and really cause you some sorrow on the long run. My advice is that you try to get a little more focussed in life. You can have the guys as friends but try to keep it that way. If you ain't comfortable with any of them, be bold and free to let them know. Friendship can turn into a serious relationship in due course but you need to define your relationship with the boys now. Don't play yourself to the gallows. Get focussed, ok?
The US Government doesn't understand that the Number One priority is to SECURE the Border by Building the equivalent of the Great Wall of China.  We need the 12 Million Illegals to Build that wall for $4.76 an hour @ ten hours per day.  It would take about Ten Years to Build.. I think anyone who works on the Wall for the full Ten Years should get US Citizenship and a Lapel Pin.Bush is working on it, but as usually anytime he tries to make a positive move some group of whiny, liberals comes crawling out from under their rocks and tries to stop it. I don't think they should go home, because they should not be here unless they are legal, pay taxes, send their children to school and speak ENGLISH!!!!!!!!That's what the Indians said a few 100 yrs ago...how'd that turn out?Maybe you should stop being a bigot.  I would rather have a Mexican that an american that can't spell the thing he's being a crybaby about.you are the illegals,why don't bush give back the U.S to the Indians?
NEXT YEAR THAT'S ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Being 16 is sweet.it the sixteenth birthday of a girl and mexicans/hispanics have it at 15 called a quicenanaIt is when a girl becomes a woman, She gets more responsibilities! It is like a coming of age ceremony! And Hispanic people celebrate a sweet 15 birthday party!It's your 16th birthday which is supposed to be very sweet because you get to start driving and you're treated more like an adult. Usually the term sweet 16 only applies for girls though.your 16th birthday. like when you get to drive a car and other things.sweet 16 is your 16th birthday. it's generally celebrated with a huge party (have you seen the infamous tv program?!)  I, personally, had a really small 16th party with just my family.  i also don't know a huge amount of people who had a large 16th party - for me the 18th is partay time!
The real answer is because Bush was trigger happy.  He wanted to attack Hussein because he thought he was a bad person.  He was right, but no one should spend $100 million because they don't like someone.  Especially when he is less dangerous to us than 1000 other people in his country and others.In support of UN Security Council resolutions to disband Iraqi WMD programsUnder the pretense that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction.short version, Saddam was selling oil for Euros...thus began a devaluation of the dollar. Because abroad the dollar is king. This started a downward spiral of dollars value because all these foreign banks were starting to switch over to Euros and thus started and influx of dollars back into America. If you wanna know the answer to something ask yourself this why does someone get out of bed in the morning? Either money of sex.three numbers 9/11 do u know how many people died and how much work were put into those buildingsNo idea but if yoy ask me it is hurtful to those of them who didn't do anything to us!.  .   CutiepiWhy? - Daddy's unfinished business.. . Also....someone had to be 'got' for 9/11. You couldn't find Bin Laden so someone else had to pay. The Saudi's (who were clearly responsible) couldn't be attacked because they were America's "friends" so the next easiest target was Iraq.. . The Reason/Pretence - WMD !!!. . The downside: You'll be there forever (think VietNam). . The Upside: Free oil.. . The legacy: No one trusts Americans and countries like N.Korea and Iran now have to develop nuclear weapons to protect themselves from American agression.. . Have a nice day.well I was tol it was a slam dunk . i was told there un manned planes capeable of carrying wmd. i was  duppued to believe that iraq was directly involved w 9/11 and all it's tragedies . i was told by  colin powel that they knew that iraq had wmds and where they were . i was told that( by colin powel) " these aluminium tubes are used for the direct manufacture of wmd's".  . I was told (by Colin Powell) "see this vial?  In this vial there is enough agent to kill many people".  . I was told that in order to strike a blow for Qualing terrorism it's better to act proactively against Iraq.. Okay, you get my drift.  . I'm a Democrat, love my country and a professional, and I do have common sense.  But . . . what has happened?  Irregardless of your political affiliation, here's facts.  . No WMDs.. No manned planes.. No slam dunk.. No concrete evidence of the aluminum tubes "used specifically for the manufacture of WMDs".. There is even question of what the hell was in that vial that Colin Powell held up (okay, I'll give him that one; I guess you can't have VX in a room full of senators - LOL).. All of us were behind the President.  Every country was on our side and still behind us and were there for us.  But, instead of going where we knew there were key elements to 911 and the tragedies of that day, we took the "slam dunk" route (I hope all of you out there do not forget "slam dunk" "Mission Accomplised") because, again, irregardless of your political affiliation, those who do not remember the past are doomed to repeat it.  It might be a Democrat who does that next time.  And you know what?  It really doesn't matter why we went to Iraq, what matter is this:  Approximately 2,500 or 2,600 to this day (5/31/06) dead American Soldiers.  Approximately 10K + wounded, women and men.  For the rest of their lives . . . for what.It was THREE years ago. Where have you been ?. . 1. WMD  2. Saddam  3. Oil exported to USA
They are here illegally. They knowingly broke this country's laws.This is all trash to get the focus on illegal immigrants. The economy is going to hell because of a trillion dollar deficit from the pointless war and that is incomparable compared to the millions illegals mooch off the health care system.. . http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-8260059923762628848. . . The rate of illegal immigration has not changed, yet all the stories suddenly switched to illegal immigrant problems in the news. This is a political switch for when blame time comes and the economy is doing horrible, people will blame immigrants instead of the massive accumulated debt killing our soldiers to protect some random countries oil for exxon.. . . . illegals work cheap. The companies get more profits. The companies have to pay more taxes. Taxes pays the illegals healthcare. Blame the companies that employ them cheap if you have a problem with that and demand they give them healthcare like any citizen. Right now they work for slave labor prices and get hurt, just like anyone else.Because it feels like we're being ripped off.  A lot of money is spent on people in the USA, including illegal immigrants.  Money is spent on public schools, public transportation, social services, police, fire departments and other governmental services.  So US citizens ask themselves, why are we paying for all these services for illegal immigrants with our tax dollars?  And why are they waving the Mexican flag during demonstrations?Because they give us cheap labor.  Oh, hold on a second, that's a reason their good.. . I spoke to someone in California and she said they eat up their social spending.  She looked to be doing fine though.  House in Orange County, SUV, nice clothing, etc.  I wonder what her illegal maid drives?Because the US has been getting over populated for the last 15 years.because they get free medical that Americans that are in need can't get. in turn that runs the cost of care and meds for us Americans. It's not hard to see that this is happening when hospitals close due to this.They are breaking the law.Because they take jobs away from honest, hard-working Americans.It's the ILLEGAL part that upsets us.  Do it right, help pay taxes and support the country, or stay out.You said it, they are illegal.because there are legal ways to be here and having illegals here, are more than just mexicans, we have illegal iranians, and other arab nations, besides every other country in the world.  taxpayers are paying the cost fro them to be here.  If they follow the rules, they will pay their own taxes, and there won't be a problem.They are illegal. They use benefits paid for & expected to be used by taxpayers. If you could see our tax bill you would know why, I do not mind helping the needy that are legal but they send their money back to Mexico & Equator - let their country pay for their care. We have 6% of our county are illegals & they use 78% of our social service budget.This is according to our county records. They cause 42% of our auto accidents & only 20% carry insurance. They are bleeding our country dry.They are ILLEGAL, and they complian because they don't have the same rights as REAL or LEGAL Americans. Hmm...I wonder why? They keep PROTESTING, and causimg disruption where its not needed, they can go back to their old country and see where it gets them, why can't they be grateful. Thats why.because they're ILLEGALEvery country in the world has an immigration policy.  Most Americans just want ours enforced and are not against LEGAL immigration.The word "ILLEGAL" is basically my reason why I am against ILLEGAL immigration.. . I do believe in the American Dream as long as they follow the same rules as everyone else.  My parents came here legally and did the paperwork to become a citizen. Why can't these illegals do the same thing? What makes them so special?i'm not,it's not my world.I just take care of my-self.It's GODS world.I just mind my own business.because they are breaking the law and they take advantage of the system without putting money into it which is a waste of my tax dollars.. . taxpayers pay for their healthcare,their education and in some cases their housing.. . and then they are ungrateful and protesting to DEMAND more.. . why don't they protest and demand things from their own government.. . and they are not assimilating into u.s. culture they want california to be mexico--which they left!. . i'd rather have an equal number of poor from other countries that would come legally and  appreciate the opportunities they can have here.uhhmm.. coz they're illegalBecause we end up paying for them to live here, and we can't afford to support everyone. We can't even support our local people that are in need. It's like having a stranger show up at your door, and expect you to feed and clothe him or her for free, when u already have 10 childern that u can't afford to feed and clothe anyway. So thats how alot of people feel.
alot of buyers dumped their stocks all at once, selling them at the lowest possible price bc alot of speculators predicted the market was due for a drastic downturn, thus devaluing the dollar.Although the Wall Street Crash of 1929 was the immediate cause triggering the Great Depression, there are other deeper causes which explain the crisis. The vast economic cost of the World War I weakened the ability of the world to respond to a major crisis. In Europe, the question of the war reparations was fundamental to the economic and political history of France and Germany, and also of Britain, as large American loans funded German repayments.. . Contemporaries had difficulty understanding the causes of the crisis, and therefore also the solutions to give to it. New theories were developed to renew former economic theories. In the last decades, many theories have been advocated to describe the emergence of the crisis. These theories may be broadly classified into main two points of view. Firstly, there is orthodox classical liberal, monetarist, Keynesian, and neoclassical economic theory, which focuses on the macroeconomic effects of money supply, including production and consumption. Secondly, there are structural theories, including those of institutional economics, that point to underconsumption and overinvestment ("[[economic bubble"), or to malfeasance by bankers and industrialists.the stock market crashed really bad and everyone that had stocks lost money. then alot of people were poor, and the prices of things went up, and so on. a lot of people were homeless. thus, the great deppression.r you people from the earthThe great crash of 1929 was one cause, followed by the run on the banks.  Also, the dust bowl that destroyed a lot of the farms in the midwest.several events all hit about the same time, but most think it was the stock market crash, while its impact was huge, it was the visible sign.  The real cause was macros economic failure the first tied to banking, in which investment banks and commerical banks were allowed to buy stock, inflating prices.  one of the results of the crash was glass - sedell which limited the roles commerical and investment can play in each others business.  In addition the ban on alchol productiona and sales massively hurt business, causing job loss and wealth loss form the brewers to advertising to resturants, not to mention the strart of a crime wave.  In addition we also the start of farming failures.the stock market went down the drain!!!!;)Medical research has contributed much to our understanding of depression. However, scientists do not know the exact mechanism that triggers depressive illness. Probably no single cause gives rise to the illness, and researchers continue to piece the puzzle together. . . HealthyPlace.com Radio.  Depression Update: Latest on Causes, Treatments in Adults and Children. . listen with windows media player.  .   . In the past, doctors believed that depression was the result of thoughts or emotions that were troubling for a person. More recently, experts realize that there can be several factors working together that will lead a person to become depressed. The three most important of these are biological, genetic, and environmental factors. . . Biological causes are due to changes in the chemistry of the brain, such as fluctuations in the levels of important hormones. Genetic causes are the result of what you inherit from your parents. If one or both of your parents have a vulnerability to depression, then it can be transmitted to you. Environmental factors (also called emotional factors) result from stressful emotional situations, such as a lack of loving parents or the death of a parent during childhood. To make it even more complicated, depression can also occur as a result of a combination of the three factors just mentioned. If you inherited a vulnerability to depression from one of your parents, your brain may react to a stressful event in a way that causes you to get depressed.. . Depression can also develop due to a physical illness, a reaction to a medication that you are taking, or as an outcome of substance abuse. In these cases, when the cause is successfully treated, the depression will end.. . Genetic Factors . Scientists believe genetic factors play a role in some depressions. Researchers are hopeful, for instance, that they are closing in on genetic markers for susceptibility to manic-depressive disorder.. . Recent genetic research also supports earlier studies reporting family links in depression. For example, if one identical twin suffers from depression or manic-depressive disorder, the other twin has a 70 percent chance of also having the illness. Other studies that looked at the rate of depression among adopted children supported this finding. Depressive illnesses among adoptive family members had little effect on a child's risk of depression; however, the disorder was three times more common among adopted children whose biological relatives suffered depression.. . Biological Causes. Additional research data indicate that people suffering from depression have imbalances of neurotransmitters, natural substances that allow brain cells to communicate with one another. Two transmitters implicated in depression are serotonin and norepinephrine. Scientists think a deficiency in serotonin may cause the sleep problems, irritability, and anxiety associated with depression. Likewise, a decreased amount of norepinephrine, which regulates alertness and arousal, may contribute to the fatigue and depressed mood of the illness.. . advertisement. .  . Other body chemicals also may be altered in depressed people. Among them is cortisol, a hormone that the body produces in response to stress, anger, or fear. In normal people the level of cortisol in the bloodstream peaks in the morning, then decreases as the day progresses. In depressed people, however, cortisol peaks earlier in the morning and does not level off or decrease in the afternoon or evening.. . Researchers don't know if these imbalances cause the disease or if the illness gives rise to the imbalances. They do know that cortisol levels will increase in anyone who must live with long-term stress.. . Environmental Situations. Certain environmental situations, such as stress or breakup of important attachments, also may precipitate depression, especially in vulnerable persons.. . Research continues to better understand the interaction of genes and environment, and pDepression is comes from the tension.So dont be so much tense.I thought it was a lack of development, the money supply ran out.I dont remember sry it was in 5th grade that I learned it and I hated that school so i blocked it out!man's failure to attain something he wanted. ex he got failing grades, family problems and other sad reasons
It doesn't define them at all, as a matter of fact it contradicts them. Jews and muslims are supposed to be peaceful people. 911 does that ring abell?they decended from half-brothers and have been fighting ever since (please read genesis to.... uhh... recent history books :-P) im not sure what you mean how does it deinfe the middle east...
they 1st wash him and then they cover him with cotton towel. and finaly they put him underground and they pray 4 himdead person is washed and covered by white not sewn cloth and his/her family are reading holly Koran during 7 first day after his/her death.Put death body to the grave that is made before and fill it with soil .All the relative getting together and console her/him family and reading Koran at 7 first day.Close friends and family wear black clothes and at 3rd and 7th day after death they go to a mosque and reading Koran and ask forgivness and bless for dead person and listen to religous leader speaking about death....to mu knowledge they bury him either in mecca or medina as they are considered holy by muslims.
Last I heard he was still in coma. Doesn't look good.No idea, ty for 2 points.
may have something to do with people being invaded/bombed/shot . . . foolHow old are you... 3???  Are you in school yet???  Do you live in the USA???  Where is your brain... why don't you do some research on your own... and get some EDUCATION!!!!!BECAUSE EUROPEANS STARTED BOTH WARS AND IT WAS IN THEIR FRONT AND BACK YARD!!!!!!!!. . God I hope you fail that exam!. . *******************************. . Add in.... . After thinking about it, I came up with a BETTER answer.... . Hitler laid a map out on the wall, leaned way back, closed his eyes, and threw a dart.. . It landed in Germany.. . He said, "Oh! That's where we'll start! Wait... We're already here!". . ******************************. . EDIT****. . Natalie... You said, "most of the major battles took place there". . Can you name a battle on the European front, that was NOT in Europe?. . What a twit!. . There were 2 battle fronts in WWII: European and Asian.. . NEITHER Asia nor Europe had anything to do with each other. The US, however, fought both.. . Also, it's kinda hard to have a war in Europe, and NOT BE IN Europe.. . PLEASE go back to school...most of the major battles took place there
public records should have it on file. if someone has commited suicide in your home that means the coroner/medical examiner had to be there to take the body for the autopsy.  That becomes part of public records.  How to access it, well that's another story.Look for clips of news papers at the librey. You can also ask others around you.you could ask around ,see what the other people in your home know.or look for a suicide note or a bodytry asking for those people who lives there in your place before you. they might know. do you think there was one who commited suicide in your house?Check old newspaper stories. Go back as far as your house is old.
get a ged.  all you have to do is pass a test.improve on your extra co-curricular activities, like sports, crafts and take up community work. This will bild up your references who will influence your grading and you yourself will feel more content.Maybe because you need to learn how to SPELL correctly first!?!?! Just an observation here!. . Practice, Practice, Practice! That's the only way you will learn how to receive good grades and get your diploma!
somemoe in iraq dieda boy died in an isreal bombing.May 15 is National Peace Officers Memorial Day and the week containing May 15 is National Police Week. That's why the flags were (and still are in DC) at half mass.There was a job opening at the Post Office.most likely because somebody diedA past General of the army unit netcom here on Ft Huachuca, AZ died about 30 years ago
It is charted as---The first Sunday after the First Full Moon of the Vernal Equinox.    (Sun crossing the equator)It depends, Eastern orthodox or roman catholic?. . In any case, it's very complicated:. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ComputusWhen church offerings are down,there are several calculations. Most common is the catholic way. It's always between march 22th and april 25th. . it has something to do with a lunar callendar, i don't know the details.???he he. nobaody knows........they seem to move easter around. l think its so people can go away and the weather is better,Easter Sunday is always 40 days after Lent begins.  The Easter seasons doesn't end until Pentecost which is 50 days after Easter Sunday.its normally 40 or 50 days or something after lent i think
One true fact is...the book is fiction.  Fiction = not based on truth or fact.  Why are so many people blind to the obvious.because it  is just a move those people take movies to serioslyDaVinci Code is a work of fiction. If I wanted hard core theories about religion, I would read scholarly work by ivy league professors. Not a best selling author. I'm sure his research techniques aren't as developed as some of the ivy league or Stanford professors. They spent years researching into facts. But only other scholars pay attention to them because their work is filled with too much complexities for a layman to fully understand.Everyone should calm down. It is fiction, not fact. If we start taking all fiction seriously we have to worry about the Hungry hungry caterpillar eating everything in the world.The truth behind Da Vinci code is that anyone who believes in religion is an idiot.Because you find it in the "fiction" section of the bookstore.. . It should also be mentioned that you are an idiot.The truth about the Davinci Code is that it is fiction.People do realize the truth behind the Davinci Code.. We just like to make a big fuss over nothing. The war in Iraq is pretty much burned out & not much else going on. This is how we entertain ourselves. It gives us something to do *lol*I'm sorry but it's not that easy to destroy a faith worth of 2000years.. Personally, I think it's easier to believe that he was mortal than that he descended from the 'skies':), but if believing in Christ makes people feel better, than i'm totally ok with it.
I guess it affects the way people communicate face-to-face.. . In an email, you can go back and fix your errors but not when talking to someone face-to-face.It works like an old fashion neighborhood where people gathered on front porches and stoops. In short it adds opportunity to act within a community. E-mail redefines community.I think that email is great, we can now communicate with people all over the world, as far as the cost .... It`s cheaper. Most people in other countrys can speak English so language is no problem.In good and bad ways: on the one hand it's easier than ever to stay in touch across long distances, but at the same time we're losing the personal, time honored tradition of letter-writing.Sounds like you are asking for a research paper or a dissertation.  I am not providing one for nothing in return.It has been the cause of many lifestyle advances. Messages are being sent much faster that conventional postage, and most mail domains give you basic service for free as opposed to a postage charge. I use email almost every day, for business or pleasure.because the mail men wount get paid as much lolIt makes peole think that short-cuts in language, spelling and grammar are okay.  I suppose those short-cuts are "okay," but they make the person who writes that way look like a freaking idiot!
Where I live, it's 16 to get a license, 15 for a permit.Cause no one wants to wait till their older than 18, your parents don't wanan drive you around all the time...and its different in different statesUmm...What state/country are you from?  It's 16 in most jurisdictions in the US.. . Although I started driving when I was 16 (I'm 19 now), I kinda think we should raise the min age to 18 (no higher).  Many young teens lack the responsibility and attention span that is required of driving.  I've had many friends get into car accidents with other teens because either one or both parties weren't paying attention or showing off.  . . It seems to me that many young teens are getting worse every year.  Back in high school, there weren't nearly the amount of accidents and crazy drivers in the parking lot as there are now.  It seems like it's one big game for many of these kids.Full working legal status is earned at age 18 in most states. It makes sense to provide working individuals with the right of mobility. Raising the age might put a strain on society.where are you from that you have to be 18Raise it no.  18 is to high alot of kids are going off to college around that time starting there independence it should be 15 learners 16 real oneHere in Tennessee kids can get a learner's permit at age 15 and a driver's license at 16 and we don't have an unusually high incidence of crashes caused by careless teens. There are some sure but by and large most kids drive responsibly.RAISE the age limit? Why? People need to go to school. To work. In my state the driving age is 16. That's okay and all, I think it might be better at 18 though because kids are more grown-up and responsible at that age (hopefully anyway). I think you should be able to get your permit at 15 or 16 and have SEVERAL years to learn safe driving skills before you get your license.it's 17 in the uk, but I think that they might be putting it upi think they need to have sponsors to drive. teens now are little princesses with new cards and no experience. i would raise you 21 and an old car!here in uk it's 17 still i think ?I think an IQ test would do better than an age limit for drivers.  There are a lot of idiots driving out there, of all ages!Because the frontal lobe of the brain which controls rational thinking does not grow as fast as the rest of the brain during adolescense.  It is not finished growing until the early 20's.  Therefore, teens tend to be irrational while driving and causing many auto accidents.  The driving age of 18 is to protect you and other drivers.  They can't set the age beyond that because you are considered an adult at 18.I should be 21 everywhere, some people say kids going to college need a liscence. my answer is take the busi am not sure where you are from but if you take drivers training in my state you can drive at 16.
click on the photo or avatar of tat person.. it leads u to their profile page.. there u wil get email him link.. just click on tat. n type ur details to him r her.. ask thm to contact u thru ur mail id(giv ur id). tats all...THATS A GOOD Q WELL U CAN GO TO COMPOSE AND THATS ALL I CAN TELL YOUclick on their pictures and you'll see if they are puttin' their e-mail take it down and send em an e-mail and hope they'll reply.....LOL. thanks for da pointsusually thru email or messenger.click on there picture when they answer your question and it will take you to there page.Email them. They all have yahoo!mail accounts.Well if her User Settings prohibit her from being contacted then you cannot contact her.Otherwise try and check her profile for her email ID and email her thats the only way you can contact her.
Well that should be obvious but Ill explain anyway. About 2000 years ago Jesus was born. He then preched, was baptized, and told people much of how to live and about the afterlife. He then was crusified, died, and buried. On the third day of his death we as christians believe Jesus Christ was resurected from the dead. Doing this completed his fullfillment of all of the prophicies laid out in the Torah (the jewish holy book) and in such Christians accpeted him as the Jewish messiah prophisied about in their holy texts. The Jews denied this and in being such when God allowed Christianity to spread and become the number one religion in the world the Jews were pissed and still are. The Christians, though I am one I will admit, have persecuted the Jews for not acccepting Jesus and so the Jews don't take much of a likeing to Christians. In such their media would be expected to be antichristian.why are you a moron?!? when is the Jewish media ever anti-christian?!? what planet are you from?!?. why is the whole world- including the media and many yahoo answers users- anti-semitic and anti Israel?!?What do you mean?I have no idea, but that`s a great question!. . *Jesus Loves You!*What is your beef with Jews?  Why do you continue to attack them with all this why are they destorying christian beliefs.  Take a look around you, people in general are destroying this nation, you can't just pick on a few.Another stupid question by another stupid person.first of all if i was jewish i would be offended by your question. i think that you should elaborate your question so that people would not be confuse. the media does not depict the jewish to be anti christian though it may seem that way. they do this to show people what happened during those horrible times and what THEY belive  the jewish people did to Jesus
I was taught that there are 50 stars for each of the 50 states, although originally there were only 13 stars, I think. And there are 13 stripes to represent the 13 original colonies.. Doesn't everyone learn that in grade school?  Maybe you forgot.The flag of the United States consists of 13 equal horizontal stripes of red (top and bottom) alternating with white, with a blue rectangle in the upper hoist-side corner bearing 50 small, white, five-pointed stars arranged in nine offset horizontal rows of six stars (top and bottom) alternating with rows of five stars. The 50 stars on the flag represent the 50 states and the 13 stripes represent the 13 original colonies. The United States flag is commonly called "the Stars and Stripes" or "Old Glory," with the latter nickname coined by Captain William Driver, a Salem, Massachusetts shipmaster.There are 13 strips total, 7 of them being red and the other 6 being white. The American Flag is a symbol of our nation's strength and unity. It's a sourse of pride and is a inspiration for millions of citizens. It has also been a prominent icon in our national history.White signifies purity and innocence, Red, hardiness & valour, and Blue signifies vigilance, perseverance & justice. The flag of the United States of America today has 13 stripes - 7 red and 6 white - and 50 white stars on a blue field - five rows of 6 and four rows of 5. The stripes remind us of the 13 original colonies that gained us our liberty. The stars represent the states that are bound together into one countryNow the americna flag has 13 stripes to represent the 13 original colonies.  There was one flag that had 15 stripes that added as other states were added but the flag was decided to have 13 to represent the 13 colonies.
An event is something that takes place—an occurrence and arbitrary point in time. The term also refers to a significant occurrence or happening, or a social gathering or activity.. . Individuals define an event's significance subjectively; people actively and retroactively compartmentalize their lives and history in terms of epochs delimited by events considered to be significant.an activity like a baseball game or a dance or so onummm...what grade are you in? dont u know anything? get a LIFE!!!!!!!!! well since you are so retarded and dont know anything, here is the answer:. . Something that takes place; an occurrence. . A significant occurrence or happening. See Synonyms at occurrence. . A social gathering or activity. . The final result; the outcome. . Sports. A contest or an item in a sports program. . Physics. A phenomenon or occurrence located at a single point in space-time, regarded as the fundamental observational entity in relativity theory.Something that takes place; an occurrence.Something that happens, mainly not ordinary!. Does that help? Sry if it didnt,  tried!wow homework is getting so easy .all you got to do is type in your question and have other people look it up for you .do they not make dictionaries anymore.do they not teach kids to try and find out on your own.wow .well event means:. Main Entry: event. Function: noun. Pronunciation: i-'vent. Etymology: Middle French or Latin; Middle French, from Latin eventus, from evenire to happen, from e- + venire to come -- more at COME . 1 a archaic : OUTCOME b : the final outcome or determination of a legal action c : a postulated outcome, condition, or eventuality <in the event that I am not there, call the house> . 2 a : something that happens : OCCURRENCE b : a noteworthy happening c : a social occasion or activity . 3 : any of the contests in a program of sports . 4 : the fundamental entity of observed physical reality represented by a point designated by three coordinates of place and one of time in the space-time continuum postulated by the theory of relativity . 5 : a subset of the possible outcomes of an experiment . synonym see OCCURRENCE . - event·less/-l&s/ adjective . - at all events : in any case . - in any event : in any case . - in the event British : as it turns out . . Pronunciation Key
They listen to politicians who don't know their a-- from fat meat. If you polled Doctors, you would get a whole new concept of what is ok and what is not.WORD!!!There is a difference between "de-criminalizing" the possession of small amounts of weed and outright legalizing weed and everything concerned with it.  In Canada, we came close but still "no cigar", and no hope with this new Conservative government.  I found the laws in the USA unbelievably draconian: the cops have more than enough to do besides busting people for having a joint or two in their pocket.  A gun in that same pocket is more likely to be legal than non, I suspect. Anyway, there is no irrefutable scientific evidence that weed is a so-called "gateway drug".  My favorite argument: that people are much less likely to become violent using weed than drinking alcohol.  All they want is to just once more (I promise) hear "Dark Side of the Moon" played and eat cookies.  People treated eachother better.  The world has gotten frightfully ugly since.because weed would cure ALL diseases and legit drugs are the government's way of making money off of us.. . Even if weed didn't cure all diseases, it sure makes us feel like it does!Because it eventually leads to harder drugs when the person on it becomes very seasoned; they will not get the high they desire and will seek something that will replace their original high that they got when they first started using the drugThey have in Hollandbecause "the man" feels that the hood dont need anything to make it easier to live there weed is our escapeHi!. Weed is legal in some countries. Of course, in this countries, you don't have to be 21 to drink or 18 to smoke.. I think that if Americans realized that a huge percentage of their underage citizens smoke and consume alcohol (and in many cases, also drugs), it would seriously reconsider re-evaluating their education process.. It's not about prohibiting, it's about teaching actually.. If you teach and educate correctly (families and school), you could have an open market for illegal substances, and it would be a lot more controlled than it is now. (And it would give the government taxes).. It's a lot easier to say than to do... I'm not saying is the solution.. I'm just saying in some parts of the world, this works.. . Goodluck!Because it's a drug! Do you really think it would be a good thing if there was another legalized drug available on the market? Weed is dangerous, and addictive, even if everybody seem to think it's not.they just did in mexico, you should get a truck full of mexillegals and go there.Because of the lumber companies.  They are a major lobbying block.  Hemp produces better paper, rope, and many other lumber related products.  This was one of the original reason for it being outlawed.  This consortium still exists today.  Plus, if a conservative legalized it, it would be admitting that the war on drugs failed.  Of course in reality, it has failed, but no one wants to admit it.  Do some reserach and see how much of the federal budget was diverted to the so called war on drugs..      As to it being a gateway drug.  That is a bunch of crap.  I know plenty of people who like harder drugs but refuse to smoke the herb.  This is a myth propogated by the right wing conservatives.  I will say this though, it sure dos make you lazy.  But that's about the only negative effect I've witnessed.  Also, it's safer than alchohol in the long run too.goverment makes to much money , the answer it not because it is a gateway drug , there are many of us that wouldn't consider doing drugs but do partake in a natural plant now in then , in a way it's a gateway drug because if the situation it puts you in , if you go to buy weed odds are they have some coke to , weed itself does not make you want to do drugs. but if they legalize it you wouldn'tbe put in that situation and then it couldn't even be considered a gateway . that's like saying cigarettes is a gateway to beerBecause it doesn't have Pfizer stamped on it. Since it is a naturally grown plant and not made in a lab, it is too easily obtained, therefor the pharmaceutical companies could not make enough profit from it. Because it has too many medical benefits for the pharmaceutical companies to compete w/. Because the government gets way too much money from these companies to make sure it stays illegal, and to  deceive the ignorant masses into believing there are actually reasons for it to be illegal. And because it leads to the use of harsher things like chocolate and Doritos at the same time. Oya and everything SGBMF said too.Because they don't UNDERSTAND it.  Alcohol is BY FAR more disastrous that weed will ever be.. . Oh, and jmmessiac...addictive!?  I smoked weed for over 10 years...put it down one day and never looked back.  I had no negative effects after quitting..my personal opinion is that you are weak.  Doctors may say what they will...alcohol is a disease..WHATEVER.  I have known alcoholics also..drug addicts, you name it.  IF YOU WANT TO QUIT SOMETHING, you can.  You have to WANT to quit.  It's called WILLPOWER.  Maybe that is something YOU don't understand...Are you one of those "regular weed smokers" that smoked for a week and thought you needed to go to rehab?Because its good for you.  If everyone got stoned there'd be no time for hostile attitudes etc. In the mean time we shall get bolder as we get higher and higherbecause we dont know what the hell to make legal in the US anymore....i mean we still have Bush in office, you would think that legalizing weed would be less harsh of the 2They won't legalize weed because, it's a profitable drug for all. so when a person gets busted the police keep in evidence and the person has to pay fines and court cost.
One of the best ways is to approach college students who are english composition majors.As a writer and an English major [a much older student, I might add], ghost writing is something I have done a few times.  What sort of project do you have in mind?go to freelance sites to look for ppl interested.Advertise in the internet or classifieds.
It was because the war was lasting too long.  American have very short attention span.  The daily news coverage was also a negative effect on the support for the war.. . This was the first televised war where the American people had seen the actual events of war.People at first were really supportive of the war, especially after the alleged Tonkin Gulf Incident. But after 1968, with the My Lai Massacre conveying the horrors of the war and the Tet Offensive losing faith in the American ability to win the war, people's attitudes changed. Then Walter Cronkite of CBS news announced his belief that the US cannot win the war. Especially after the Pentagon Papers were released almost all faith was lost.
Contact the paper and/or go to the library. They get requests for that all the time, and will be able to help you.try the library as they have good archives>>
Same here I work by myself in a room by myself staring at a computer over half the day by myself...  I usually move the desk around, try to do something differently, try to find a faster way of doing something so I can get done with my work and walk around the plant and make human contact.  Luckily I have a radio but it gets boring.  Sometimes I will actually go find someone from mgmt and ask if they have any interesting work that needs to be done, just for something different to do.you can never be effective in anything that bores you. you should pick a work that you love or love the work that u hv.I feel the Same Way. I Keep Saying, The Weekend Is Almost Here.you should find some work that you like then you won't feel bored.change the atmosphere around u.. decorate ur desk, change the decor of ur room.. get new clothes, try to change somthg and it will really change u trust me!Talk to your boss and explain this to him/her.. I am a Manager and enjoy my job as i am always being put through courses to excel myself which has prevented me being bored so i am constantly learning and bettering myself. If you were to tell your boss you are not feeling as effective as you would like be, chances are they will change your role at work for the better prehaps stepping up the ladder as they would then understand your not just one of the donkeys and are a keen and motivated person, "happy people make happy work places"You must be procreative, you must begin with the end in mind, you must put firs things first, you must seek to understand then to be understood and lastly you must synergies the for principals.Hummm!!!!!!kind of my problem.When i feel bore at work i use to hear music and count how many days left to come weekend.
Are we talking being a DJ, a reporter, a sportscaster?. . YOu need to determine what part of broadcasting you want to go into and see if you can get an internship there.. . If you are willing to do advertising or the financial end, there are never enough people for the jobs out there.Practice!first you must talkative and honest
Gone down? Interesting unemployment is at the lowest level in decades, the housing market is still booming.  The companies that are in trouble are thanks to unions.  The economy is in good shape.blame it on your pres. and his attitude. He is not that very well received in the world at present. Bring back Carter or Clinton maybe even Hilary Clinton.45 Pacemaker has the best answer so far
a radio station catering for the local vacinity in which it is broadcasted.. . E.g. Stoke on Trent's local radio station is "Radio Stoke" or "signal 1" which just broadcast to that local area.Which part don't you know? Radio or Local. Depends where you are really. I'd say BBC world service isn't local unless you're in the UK.
talk to them about it, let them know that it really concerns you, and you're worried, Tell them that you care about them, and their well-being, and hate to see them suffering, and that you'll support them. If it continues, tell someone.join the party
The economy is not that good, in the past few years, I think it is the booming real estate marketing that give people extra money to spend when they got money from their equity. When it reach a point that nobody will be expecting, such as a natural disaster or another terror attack. People get out of job or don't make enough money to repay their loan, that will burst the real estate bubble. At that point the chain reaction will push many home owners into bankruptcy and expedite the falling of our economy.John Stossel supports capitalism. This is his bias. Capitalism benefits from globalization. The workers do not.. . Until the people remove their blinders of selective ignorance, the situation will only get worse.  Read Adorno- "The Culture Industry", it is easy & accessible political philosophy that brings the situation into clear view.. . From my view the economy and more importantly the people are in serious straits, not to be measured simply by the commonly cited economic indicators.I hope you voted Democratic last time, or at least have learned a lesson.the economy is in shambles... many like yourself have lost jobs and the U.S. is in 10 trillion dollar dept...sounds good (sarcasm)The economy is in good shape right now.  There are decent jobs but that is not the only thing that affects the economy.
childs play eh? it's so easy to second guess things around here especially if you live here. and if you dont, it's even easier. the blame game belongs in the legislature, state and federal, and hindsight at this point, aint what we need to be focusing on. it's interesting that your solution to the flooding requires only a few hours. not sure how you could know that other than if you've ever supervised such a project. plus there were multiple failures of the flood walls. so my best guess, that is if you could actually find 20-40 of them, is that it would take days not hours.. remember too that during the 2-3 weeks after the corps 'allowed' the fllooding, the primary efforts being made were rescueing people and bringing order to the area. . please consider coming down for visit to see exaclty what happened versus on cnn. hey, seriously, even if im uncertain your plan has merit, why not contact the city, state or corps and ask them. and lastly, we were told over and over and led to believe the levees and flood walls could withstand a cat 3 - we didnt even have a direct hit and look what happened.. regards and happy readingBecause there is not oil there, otherwise never would be flooded.The government cannot seize private property. New Orleans is below sea level. It is the failure of the New Orlean, Louisiana and Federal government for not securing the levees before an eminent disaster such as this occurred. The blame is on bureaucracy.It cannot seek but floatI'm married to a barge captain and this is a fairly easy question to answer. Do you have any idea what a single barge costs? Yes, there were many many barges in the New Orleans area but generally companies that own the barges move them upriver when a hurricane is coming because they don't want them damaged. The barges aren't owned by the city of New Orleans. They are owned by private companies and therefore are private property. Would you like someone taking your car and using it to plug a hole? New Orleans flooded because it's below sea level and a major natural disater hit. That is a risk people take when they build in that area. Like here, the risk we take is tornadoes.because the barges float {on top of the water} and they were probably hooked to something or docked.
Memorial Day is for honoring those who fought for our country and no longer live. Veterans Day is for those who fought for our country and are still around to share their storiesalot.Someone told me once that Memorial day is to honor those who have fallen in the line of duty such as soldiers and other service members.  Veteran's day is to honor veteran's of wars who are still living.The first answer was totally correct.memorial day is fordoes who died in combat and veteran for thoes who survive
[IF] .  . If you can keep your head when all about you. Are losing theirs and blaming it on you,. If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you. But make allowance for their doubting too,. If you can wait and not be tired by waiting,. Or being lied about, don't deal in lies,. Or being hated, don't give way to hating,. And yet don't look too good, nor talk too wise:. If you can dream--and not make dreams your master,. If you can think--and not make thoughts your aim;. If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster. And treat those two impostors just the same;. If you can bear to hear the truth you've spoken. Twisted by knaves to make a trap for fools,. Or watch the things you gave your life to, broken,. And stoop and build 'em up with worn-out tools:. . If you can make one heap of all your winnings. And risk it all on one turn of pitch-and-toss,. And lose, and start again at your beginnings. And never breath a word about your loss;. If you can force your heart and nerve and sinew. To serve your turn long after they are gone,. And so hold on when there is nothing in you. Except the Will which says to them: "Hold on!". . If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue,. Or walk with kings--nor lose the common touch,. If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you;. If all men count with you, but none too much,. If you can fill the unforgiving minute. With sixty seconds' worth of distance run,. Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it,. And--which is more--you'll be a Man, my son!. . . --Rudyard Kiplingnot all of themMan-baby (or man/child), like you said, just don't want to grow up.. . Mama's boy-runs to mama for everything, usually are the above too.. . A man- is pretty much the opposite of the above.Man-Baby : A child who is always attached to the father, regardless of his age.. . Mama's Boy : A child who is runing to his mother for every single thing. Is more for the mother always, can be the only-son.. . Man : A 21 y/o guy who understands his responsibilities as a grown up member of the house and is an asset and a support for the parents.Man-Baby==A man who wants to be treated like a baby. . Mama's Boy==A man who will not cut the apron strings from his mother, his mother plays the major role in his life rather than whomever he is seeing.They all probably have the same Mother, have differnt names, but one of them have a different Daddy.They were never taught to be a man and take responsibility when they were children. Either because there parent did not want to teach them, could not teach them or were not there to teach them. So they run all over the trailer park or the ghetto with learning anything then they are turned loose on the world and we have to tolerate them.Spiteful peoples opinionMan Baby- my 32 year old husband whom i wake in the morning, find his clothes for him, then dress him. Mama's boy- my 2 year old son who's attached to my hip all of the time . Man- Warf from the next generationman-baby is being childish                                                   mama's boy can b one who agrees with his mom                                                        man is 1 who's matureMan-baby just don't want to grow up. Mama's boy-runs to mama for everything. A man is a MAN!
LMAO!. . I don't know about killed...but just "kept" somewhere out of public interaction.  hehehebecause we need something to do when our cable is outcuz its funny lol jkwhat a stupid question.
Most people don't marry that dreamy personNow if you really want me to tell you...I will. Go to school and learn how to spell girl and dream. Then when you are rich and famous you can pick until then don't worry about it..In your dream of course!!Well, I hear intelligence is a very attractive trait for women.  So perhaps changing your sentence to "How can I meet my dream girl? Please help." might be a better start.Try going off to sleep.
It turns out that the President was given faulty intelligence by the CIA that purported Iraq struck a nuclear deal with the African country of Niger and that he was quickly making a stockpile of weapons. No weapons were found and the search for the weapons officially ended in January of 2005.it is not about wmd but Rather democratizing the middle eastSaddam moved them out of the country when he realised the Yanks were coming.. In all honesty, I believe it was a lie from the start.. George W is a warmonger as was his daddy.. The majority of wars (that Americana's have been involved in) are used to get the Americana's mind off what is actually happening within the country.. I suggest that you read Noam Chompsky's books if you are really interested in the subject.bad luckThe supposed WHS's were never found.THe president authorized a special forces team to go in to iraq before the pre-invasion to see what they came up with.They came up with the launchers and the supposed making placxe of the nukes,but no nukes or any trace of radioactive,biological,or chemical agents..   He may of had a good reason at the time,but should of held back the invasion.we gave up already because we're probably wrong anyway.Well there never were, but the fact that the Allies waded into Iraq against all international law, and that innocent Iraqi civilians who hated Saddam (who taxed to death honest hard-working Iraqi people during his reign) want them out and get blown to bits by US soldiers daily, will surely make the Iraqi people want them now! I'd be pissed of if I were an Iraqi citizen right now. But NO WMDs IN IRAQ! It was a lie to justify a groundless war. All imperialist and slightly Machiavellian foreign policy if you ask me.There are many women doctor's in Iraq.It may have not been the "real" reason for invading Iraq, but they DO exist somewhere. Trust me, they do. We are all going to find out someday - the hard way! Thanks.Swept under the Persian rug? Iran?
It's one company, but may use other sources as they can hire independant news people and organizations to report information.  I believe it's a European outfit, in the US we have the Associate Press.Reuters, pronounced ro-e-ters, is a news agency, that supplies news stories to newspapers worldwide. it is assisted by ANI (Asian News International), it's electronic arm, which supplies news stories to news channels.Reuters, like the Associated Press (AP), is a huge news organazation which releases news to newspapers and other outlets for information -as-it-happens.news agencyis a company supplying global financial markets and news media with a range of information products and transactional solutions, including real-time and historical market data, research and analytics, financial trading platforms, investment data and analytics plus news in text, video, graphics and photographs.Reuters is a worldwide news gathering and distributing company.Reuters, the global information company, and CME, the world’s largest and most diverse financial exchange company.
1% in favour, 99% against.  . . If there is any justice and taste in this world.Taylor Hicks 45.583 .  .  Katharine McPhee 37.097
correct! the results of the building collapsing could only happen if they were demolishing the buildings using the implosion method. even the fire fighters that day said that was what it looked likeit's a goldang conspiracy!boy i tell you what!(you bunch of flippin idiots)they were imploding the building.  Why do you think they came straight down..or down at all?  Building 7 didnt even get hit and it fell.  You can find close up videos where you can see a lot of explosions happen right before they fell.I watched it,live, that morning..  That's not what I saw.I would imagine the force of the airplane running into the building would set up a lot of explosions.  or. . maybe it was someone who wanted to take the trade towers down as it obstructed their view?  hahaPRESIDENT BUSH... had bombs planted in different levels of the towers causing them to fall....was his plan to have a reason to invade iraq... check it out...http://9eleven.info/911informationsite3.jpg
I whole heatedly agree that the borders need beefing up security ... it's been going on for too long ! A nation of laws means nothing if you don't enforce them ! You can't throw a blanket amnesty over a bunch of law breakers ... they knew they were breaking the law coming over the borders ! If they say that's the only way to feed their families ... is to break the law ... then why not pardon drug dealers and prostitutes !hell yea keep all those who cant pass a Constitution test and speak our language and pay our taxes out if they can and abide by our laws  then let them in if they cant then send them back and make them if they sneak across the boarder shoot them dead on sightHe is just trying not to left his party to lose come November.  Besides that, how dare the president of Mexico to say something about that.  He is minding our internal affair, how dare a little guy like that can get into the most powerful country's affair.  How come the defense department is not defending our country, they are offense department for going out side the country only.Amazing that nobody else has figured this out yet.  They all seem to think that the issue is so complicated, but you figured it right out.  You're smart.  There should be a law forcing everyone to agree with you.. . Ribbit.You're just like your avatar, lots of wheels, high on speed but no brains at all....America os under attack???? How about Iraq??? Afghanistan??? Soon Iran??? How about Americans killing Americans??? (11,000 a year). Don't be such an idiot and get real. There are laws in America?? Who do you think is sponsoring Mexican and Colombian drugdealers and kingpins???mmmhh.....that's right!! Americans!!!!!!!!!!!!Hear, hear.nope. i think that the people outside the boarder should stay out of the border b/c my house cleaner came here in 1990 and has been waiting for 10 years for her greencard and still is waiting for all that crap but we're too busy trying to get the other people out. there's a waiting list and no one is above the law so they shiuld have to wait- just like she is now.The laws in America change so often depending on what issues it takes to win an election. The whole immigration issue & the majority party's position on it is ridiculous. George doesn't know crap -BUT- that's not news.that man is a foolCould you repeat the question?Way to go chap. You have it just right. Your great!!!! Also if mexicans want to come to this counttry they need to learn ENGLISH!!! No i don't disagree. :)it's a good idea in theory, however, we have national guard members on their second, third, and fourth tours of duty in iraq. the military has been stretched thinner than any time in modern history. so, we're talking about sending a national guard that we may not have any capacity to send to protect our borders. that's really not the role of the national guard. however, given that the military is in iraq, it might be better to have the one's on active duty in the states to patrol the borders until the border patrol can be bolstered to the level necessary to protect the border.I totally agree that our borders need to be secure and that the use of more enforcement on the border is necessary. You are also dead-on that the laws of this country should be followed by citizens and non-citizens alike ("when in Rome" comes to mind). However the use of National Guardsmen is a bad idea. The people of the National Guard, though have been trained well, and deserve the respect of the people for their services and duty to the country, are not trained in the enforcement of police/civil law, they are trained in military law (which is quite a bit different). It would be like holding a Terrorist's trial in non-military court applying non-military statutes and sentencing to the Terrorist. Though illegally crossing the border is a federal crime, it is not a military crime, and should not be enforced by the military branch. Civilians actually have more right to police the border (as civilians) than the Guard has to police the border (as militants).i think the idea of the national gaurd is to protect us from attackers, not mexicans jumping a fence. i'm all for enforcing the borders, if ppl want to come here they should do it the proper way. so, maybe i'm wrong here, but it seems like it should be someone else's job, i dont feel we should be spreading our forces so thin.
It's about time something was done.  To me genocide is a cause that every human being needs to be concerned about.  The war for Oil is not...well the reason it has been getting so much media attention is because only recently it was discoverd that Darfur has huge oil fields.  therefore haliburton and the major oil companies cant get a piece of the action while darfur is under a muslim government.  so what better way to start a conflict to get oil.  does Iraq ring a bell?I've wondered about the same thing myself. It should have been covered for years. Maybe it has to do with showing Muslim atrocities in yet another country, I don't know.I wish all of the human injustice in the world was considered more news worthy that celebrity buzz and car chases, but at least one situation is finally getting some attention. The media will choose which stories to cover, and if you want to see more coverage of things you care about, you should write your local station or paper.because now we are starting to haul some ass now that we have annoyed our politicians.  everyone wants to be a celebrity now and get a shot at the Nobel Peace Prize.There is oil in that area.I think its because the peace negotiations have been getting along further than it has in the past (Although recently the negotiations have failed and another cease-fire agreement has been breached) plus with the shortage of money to give to those in the Darfur region for food has brought more light on the issue.its about time the media focus on this crisis. they are trying to take the heat off Bush and Iraq and divert attention to a "seemingly good cause". of course the media shies away from international black politics.notice how many black celebrities are coming out on this cause??
everything else didn't, there was one other main building that fell but it was built in a strange way as it was built on top of a power substation. It is believed (unless your a conspiracy nut) that this strange foundation failed.  A good show that goes into more about this building is pen and tellers "bullshit" on showtimebecause everything was connected. When the load becomes to heavy, everything will collapse even people or a nation.the buildings toppled onto others
cause they get high more than other people? :) just kidding. . but in general i think the whole UFO issue is somewhere between hoaxes and maybe military secret projects that's all, no matter how appealing it is that there are aliens around, and that they are contacting us, i didn't run into even one valid proof of that..I do not know your sources but UFOs are seen all over the world. The USA is certainly not special in any way in regard to UFO sightings..The entire world is wittness to them daily.i thought the most were in shouth america. maybe we think it is USA mainly for the fact we get more local news than forgen. also as american we seek more attention than we deserve.one because the usa has a technology that is beyond the reach of any other country. so when they test these things and someone sees them then they say that these are UFO's which is not the case. it is just that the usa does not want any other country to know about them.  Well that is what i thinkbecause americans are more gullable.because amaricans like to lie alot.Aliens probably find Americans the most entertaining.  I certainly do!They aren't. They just don't televise them on world news.cos they're the kings of the conspiracy theoryUntill I see it for myself, I do not believe in it. Personally I think it would be more apparent by now if there was something out there. UFO sightings mainly in USA, either you guys have an ace imagination or it could be because they appear to be more important for news in there.. . My view...DUNNO!there are UFO groups all over the world UK ( where I am ) in particular.It could be that UFO sightings are reported more in the USA.
Is she the one who drowned? it might've been a different Natalie though.She was used by several people there and then disposed of. With the influence of the people involved the truth will never come forward.blub blub blub.... . Oh WAIT!!! She is a harem in Qatar!She is still at sea on that yacht.Never heard of her.She's gone to live with Elvis, Tupac, Biggie, and Nixon.
the law is still being debated.  from expel all illegals, to amnesty with conditions.The new law states that all illegal immigrants (not just Mexicans) will be persecuted as criminals if they enter the country illegally. Simple.
They are hornier than any other culture but that doesn't mean they do it better.. Madonna now wears a T-shirt that says "Kabbahlists do it better" so.... Get your own opinion and TRY!!!!!!!they only think they do it better HAHAmaybe because you think that but i don'tOk that is just grose don't ask us!!!i don't know about that and i haven't heard that they do better
Learn Chinese.Perhaps learn about their culture, and customs of meeting people. People warm up to you when you have something in common. Find the common link.Well I am stuck on trying to figure out why you would approach them.sell them some pirate DVDSmy mother in law is Chinese. Their culture is very, very different. There are like hierarchies in relationships, it all depends in which step of the ladder you are placed. As an outsider, in general they will treat you politely but mostly they keep to themselves. After some years of residence in another country, many tend to assimilate. Not all of them, sometimes they don`t even learn the local language correctly. Mind you, I`m talking about immigrants. Their children born abroad are not the same.
Because Hollywood is full of liberal trash who only think they are making good movies that people want to see. If their movies are good (like they claim), why has attendance at movie theaters gone down? People don't want to pay to see liberal movies.Once upon a time, prejudice of the Jewish race was pretty common.  That included keeping them out of many markets[ways to make a living] then came the movie business, many people felt it would be a total failure...a flash in the pan, so it was a business Jews could get into without hassle.  So in the beginning movie production was pretty much left out of the white bread world. Hence a lot of Jewish ownership.Too busy praying, I guess.How many do you want? I'm sure there a plenty of liberal producers, right wing producers, christian producers, Jewish producers, agnostic producers in Hollywood. Hollywood is like every other place in the United States, there is a little bit of everything.They can't spell the credits.here are more christins eveywere in the world
Because it was unknown if Washington was going to be attacked.  A leader can lead from anywhere, he/she doesn't have to be in a specific place. I believe he went to Nebraska.And get himself possibly killed?  Then we would not have a leader.  Just like every country, you protect your leader.  His plane is a flying command post, he was leading us from the overhead.
Ummm.. cause you can't really choose where hurricanes go?They loose strength the further they go in land..and you don't want them to hit you full strength..the TV only shows you the after effects not what it is like to actually be in one.I know, it'd save them a lot of money on wrecking crews anyway.Why would anyone want a Hurricane to rip through any city or town? Why didnt it rip through Denver, CO? That was a very insensitive question.I think a good question is why did it have to happen at all. Tragedy is terrible in any city.It should have ripped through your home, loser!!!You are really cruel...My heart goes out to anyone struck by tragedy.Maybe it would if hurricanes formed in the Great Lakes.. . Stupid question.Don't answer his questions he is racist. Read his questions.I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say, because Detroit is about 1800 miles from the coast. Harlem is surrounded by gigantic buildings and probably wouldn't suffer the same kind of damage as NOLA did, it certainly couldn't flood without a ten foot rise in sea level.because u don't live thereI live in Michigan very near one of the Great Lakes. I have seen flooding in our area and although it wasn't nearly hurricane strength it is totally appalling. I would not wish this on any community, even if one thinks that city isn't worthwhile. Shame on you!because that's not where your from a**holeBecause they aren't on the coast?something tells me you are a complete idiot and that you are proud of it.Dont forget Newark Camden NJ, Parts of Baltimore City, half of Philadelphia, most of NYC, Wilmington DE, heck let it take that certain 12% of the entire country and I would be a seriously happy guyI agree with Lisa.  Your an azzwipewell probably because by the time, a hurricane hits land fall they loose strenth they do it, those areas, they are thunderstorms, or tropical depressions by thenI hope a hurricane rips through your ass! And blows you off the planet scumbag... yahoo get im outta here!
cnn is racist because it is run by republicans!!!!"If it BLEEDS it LEADS". . There is nothing racist about this...what is reported and how much time is spent is dependent on what other kinds of stories happen that day. How bloody they are and how local. . . The Australian miners were trapped because of an EARTHQUAKE (major event) they found a BODY (death!) and they used HIGH TECH RESCUE EFFORTS (cool!) making this a newsworthy story!. . The Mexican miners were trapped due to an explosion (typical miner danger) the company they worked for had ignored safety allegedly and many were rescued soon after...it does not make their ordeal any less horrific but depending on what else happened in the news THAT Day..that is what adjusts the coverage. There is much more info on the Mexican incident on their website.CNN did cover the story about the miners trapped in Mexico they just didn't do it as in-depth as the Australian miners.. The Australian miners were trapped for a longer period of time, and the tools used to get them out were newer and had not been used before in this sort of rescue attempt.. (also agreeing with the above posts and "if it bleeds it leads"). And before you start calling CNN "racist" you might want to look at yourself and see what brought you to make that distinction.I cant answer that question ask the people from CNN.I think you're adding 1 and 1 and getting 64.  . . CNN is in the business of making money by reporting news.  They report news that people want to see.  Apparently they made a business decision that there was no market for a story about miners in Mexico.It has nothing to do with being racist. CNN has tons of viewers in Australia. Relatively speaking, no one watches CNN in Mexico. CNN broadcasts in English. English is spoken in Australia. Spanish is spoken in Mexico. It's all about ratings and advertising.CNN only cares about the countries which "cater to the interests of amerika"
I believe you partly answered your own question.. BBC News does play it straight, reporting the facts with very little spin and with an eye towards getting the story right regardless of who that displeases.. . The thing I love about the BBC is the marvelous accent. The announcers have that Cambridge accent which makes everything sound very important.BBC is fairer and has more worldwidecoverage than anything else I've seen, ie  Fox or Cnn  or other entertainment news here in the US. On their website you can get news in about 40 languages, so apparently the legacy of colonialism is one factor that benefits bbc.Simply one word ReliabilityI agree that the BBC World News Service is tops in the field. They put the facts out there for everyone to see and let the people make up their own minds. Also the reporters seem to really know their stories. Unlike American reporters who seem to jump from one natural disaster to another....only taking time to stop by the make-up trailer for a touch up....the BBC demands their reporters dig for the details that shape the back story.  It will be interesting to see how the USA reporters do the first hurricane of 2006 compared to the BBC's take on the event.bbc is the devilI must admit I liked BBC long before it got corporate sponsorship from, say, Shell. BBC always tells is like it is, with no gloss or anything. I trust -as far as it goes with any form of mainstream media- BBC a hell of a lot more than CNN or CBC, for that matter...what I love most about the Beeb is that even with all the death, doom and destruction they report, they always seem so chipper and cheerful. I mean, even on radio you could HEAR the professional smile in their voices: "Well, there's a giant asteroid headed towards earth. We have twenty seven minutes left until the destruction of the planet...BBC News!"
Because they are dumb..........I have found some really dumb questions tonight. Most I can't read. Who knows.. :)Seems like they miss the point.
What program did you receive the offline message from? Yahoo, AOL, MSN?Well if the message is up first thing you do is click to REPLY. If you do that you should get a box much like if you IM someone. You can either send them a message, or if you want to just see their profile look under Actions then Contact Options. From there you can pick to view their profile.
easy... . get a mouth full of smoke.... then open your mouth with your lips makin an O. . then DONT EXHALE hard..jus kinda push the smoke out your mouth with your tongue almost.. slightly exhale a single breath with your lips still in the O. it takes practice but youll see eventually youll get a perfect ring. make sure no wind or any breeze interferesThis is the email he sent me just for saying bye  bye to him in a racist post he wrote.. . You have received a message from another user! . . From: yoyo . . Subject: f@ck you . . Message: guess what sl@t iam coming to your house and iam gonna take my chainsaw and cut you and your whole ####### family up ####Don't answer his questions he is racist. Read his questions.Like whistling...just put your lips together in a pucker and blow. You know how to blow don't you?u should know smart a**
Because a long time ago aka(good ole days)people had to work long and hard for a living(because there wasn't any welfare)..thus their hands were always dirty..  so they wiped their butts with their elbows!. do not put them on the table where you eat!just an example of the conforming culture we live in. Perhaps some time ago in history this was seeen as disrespectful. But it is this that plagues humanity of understanding morality.  Why do we take our hats of in buildings. I will never take off my hat if i feel it uneccesary to do so. I dont care what tradtiion says. If you ask someone why cant I put my elbows on the table.. they wil not have a clear answer for you.. because there is no logic behind it. instead of worrying about aspects of character that might actually be going against an idea of universal or personal morality (i dont kknow which is truely more moral) we worry about little things that like elbows and hats that dont mean a DAM thing.. things like these really piss me off.. as you can tell..
You make your own destiny by making all those little choices that come at you everyday.  People don't plan to fail, they fail to plan, and this goes for your whole life, too.Stick around.  We'll show you more!Ask God.if you try somebody who say that can read the futuro you just gonna lost your money.Go to fortune teller.....wait, I`ll be right back with the answer
there is always the possibility, that there is violance when the police is involved in anything, as recent events in NY bear out.Not sure what you mean? If you mean car chases and such, it's because there is usually injuries and ems should be close by. I work ems and we usually have police w/us on most calls. You might want to elaborate on your question and we could get you better answers.Depending on what the call is for, some towns have protocols that require an ambulance be dispatched automatically to the scene as well as the police.  This is often due to the probability of people needing transportation to the hospital or just medical attention.
If you know what state, find the name of the newspaper and look it up online.  It would be in the archived section unless it was an obit that was placed today.The local paper that covers the area where the death occured is the one to look into.
There are moderate and civilized countries too, whose population is mostly Muslim, and whose residents are Muslims: Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, kirghistan and Turkmenistan. Since the end of 2002, Turkey seeks peace with Cyprus too.Only Muslims strap bombs on their kids and blow up innocent people. Some consider that uncivilized behavior. Can you blame them? There's a lot more, too.I am so sorry you are being discriminated against & bullied at school.  Kids are cruel.  Currently many people "judge" any mid-easterners because of othis studpid war King Bush has gotten us into.   Hang in there a few years and maybe you'll find some more enlightened folks at the college you attend.  Good Luck.
Because the war lords have invested in some very large guns and rockets that would quite easily shoot down any crop spraying planes.. Remember that the Taliban Kicked the Russian army out back in the late 80`sThe main battle is for 'hearts and minds', so the trade is being assisted.  It supports the entire population not just the 'warlords' and even helps 'natural selection' in the western world!. . Seriously though, if America was invaded by the Chinese to have communist ideals imposed on the American people, would it help the attempts to bring peace by taking away everyone's income and ability to provide for themselves and their Families, or would it make more troops available to prolong hostilities?. . One problem at a time I think.  Surely we have bitten off more than we can chew already, do we want to make the situation even worse?Good idea - why hasnt anyone else thought of it ???? xxnapalm the fieldsit would do that but also wreak havoc on the local economy.many people ,ake a living by growing it.i guess we could support them by sending more foreign aid.Or better still, Why don't they bring a law out that if you are caught growing anything illegal, you are put into prison for a long time, plus your land and home is then confiscated.I think they hide the poppies in other crops.And get all the environmentalists up in arms for pollution? . . Why not just shoot all drug dealers on sight. Opps that would have the ACLU all over you.Because it would make the Taliban angry!cause there is too much money in itGood question. First, you have to have control over the badlands to be able to bring the spray can. And to do that you have to bring in the army. American, British and anyone else who fancies having a go. . . Then you have to locate a farm, send in your army against heavy weaponry and fortification and anti aircraft guns. Not to forget the snipers and anti tank RPGs and stuff. . . Then if you prevail, you can call in the spray. But you cant do it every day because it is not easy, if you get my drift. And there are loads of farms all over the place. Even the Army start to think that it is not worth itIt wouldnt work - they tried a similar approach in Columbia against cocaine producers - the result was more violence and killing as the profit value rose.  . Perhaps a more interesting approach would be to take some of the overseas aid and have US, UK (whoever) buy all the crop, cut out the middle men - who tend to a) inflate the prices b) be involved in illegal activity and c) create demand for the product. By removing it from the hands of the criminals the govt would control the source, taking what it needs for pharmaceutical requirements, and removing the majority of the heroin from the streets - the saving on policing and drug rehabilitation and other related offences would easily offset the cost of buying the crop at source - which would also benefit the poorest farmers on the ground.
We removed the one thing that was holding a volatile situation together. And we left the borders wide open while we were doing it. We expected people to bow down to our Shock and Awe and thank us for destroying their infrastructure and killing hundreds of thousands of civilians.. . We made a bad situation far far worse.Its called a Civil War.  Too many factions in the country want different things and having a war about it is the way they feel will fix the problem.  And the USA is stuck and didn't realize that removing the old government would start this.because they lost their strong leaderIRAQ IS COMMING APART BECAUSE IT IS A COUNTRY BEWILDERED INTO FANATIC NATIONALITY  VERSES  DEMOCRATIC NATIONALITY. DEMOCRATIC NATIONALITY IS THE OUTCOME OF OUSTER OF SADDAM HUSSEIN BY U.S.. AND OTHER ALLIED COUNTRIES  WHILE FANATIC NATIONALITY IS THE MONGERING MAJORITY AGAINST U.S.. AND ALLIED COUNTRIES INTERFERENCE. SHITE & SUNNI FACTORS ARE BEING RUDIMENTED IN THESE CRISIS TO . NULLIFY THESE NATIONALISTIC SPIRITS HELP CREATING MORE DIVIDED INDULGENCE MANUEVERED BY U.S. AS WELL AS ALLIED COUNTRIES SUCH THAT THE FOREIGN . FORCES KEEP THEIR STAY LONGER ON PRETEXT OF . COMPLETE CIVIL-POLITY BREAKDOWN. EARLIEST EXECUTION OF SADDAM HUSSEIN CAN BRING THE STABILITY FASTER BECAUSE SYNTHESIS WILL OCCUR AS SOON AS THESIS(FANATIC NATIONALISTS) SHALL BE OVER COME BY ANTI THESIS FORCES(DEMOCRATIC NATIONALITY). BUT WESTERN POWERS WILL DELAY THE VERDICT'S EXECUTION ON SOME OR THE OTHER GROUNDS TO KEEP THEIR HEGEMONY IN IRAQ. BUT NOW . BUSH 'S MARGINALISATION IN RECENT MID-TERM POLLS OF U.S. CAN ALSO SWITCH TO THE ADVANTAGE OF FANATIC NATIONALISTS IF DEMOCRATS PRESSURISE FOR EARLY PULL OUT OF U.S. FORCES.. SO IRAQ IN DUE COURSE SHALL FIND ITS NEW GEOGROPHY- FALLING APART.You have 2 religious groups fighting for power. Both are muslims each with different beliefs on how the country should be. In most muslim countries. The religion is the belief & the state is run by the religion. Neither religious group wants the other one to have control, and will not jointly share responsibility. It's like 2 three year olds fighting over candy. These poeple fight amoungst themselves & have for thousands of years. Saddam gave them the ultimate option when he was in power. Do it his way or die. Total force is the only thing these poeple understand. The future gov't in Irag will have to rule with an iron hand so to speak. I have worked around these poeple. The educated ones are usually not the problem. Keep in mind 80% of these poeple have only been to one day of school in their lives. The uneducated are lied to by a few devious individual & due to lack of education believe what they are told. Even if it is right or wrong. Educating them now is going to take generations to defeat the old addage. I didn't go to school & neither will you. Many of these poeple are poverty class at best. You have the rich & then you have the rest the very poor. When you are that poor & can barely afford food, you do whatever it takes. Imagine that you are poor & starving. A person walks up to you & says " I'll give you this gun & if you fight with me in my cause. I'll see to it you will never be hungary again." That is the awful bloody truth.Because foreign elements are encouraging factional strife to destabilize the country and make US public opinion  turn against the Bush administration, thereby pulling the troops out. Iraq has no government, no police force, no army that can govern and hold the country in one nutshell comprising, the 2 religious factions and the Kurds. Saddam, the dictator, was the best choice for Iraq since he understood his people and knew how to hold the country togetherbecause jesus isnt part of the lives :)
In what way?. . I know that on "Drawn Together" there is a lot of pixillation for obscene jestures and exposed body parts, and "South Park" has a lot of bleeping for language concernshttp://www.louisville.edu/~atcobb02/censorship.html. (essay). . http://www.petitiononline.com/ctv02790/petition.html. . why... because america.... has people in this world that get offended off things very easily... also for kids.... things they shouldnt be understanding, hearing..... to warn you that you are about to watch something you might not want to hear or see...there are certain shows tv can only show after certain hours... after the kids have gone to sleep...
It's in your dictionary...I just looked in mine...you can look in yours.  Haven't got a dictionary at hand?  .... look at one of the on-line ones.it isnt an adJetive iTs aNoUnMaybe you're thinking of "camp" as in "campy", like kitschy. Pink Flamingos are campy.an adjective describes something so.. in this sentence camp describes the kind of effect created in the yard.. . They sat in a cicrle and sang songs in the backyard for a camp effect.
the jon bennet case, the john irvin case, the oj simpson caseATS arrests second Malegaon blasts suspect  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 22:48 IST . •  Muslims marry in the presence of Durga idol  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 21:56 IST . •  Shah Rukh celebrates b'day with family and friends   Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 21:08 IST . •  Delhi sealing unlikely to resume Friday  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 20:29 IST . •  Sealing drive must resume Friday: SC panel   Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 19:45 IST . •  2 witnesses testify against Monica Bedi  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 18:49 IST . •  Big B draws flak over grandson wish  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 17:48 IST . •  CPM asks Centre to cut prices of petro products  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 17:25 IST . •  Patels 'buying' tribal brides for their boys  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 17:13 IST . •  Woman naxalite killed, 3 captured in Chhattisgarh  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 16:59 IST . •  Court allows Salman to shoot abroad  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 15:55 IST . •  'India has more billionaires than China'  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 14:59 IST . •   Docs find success in new heart treatment  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 13:22 IST . •  SC declines interim injunction on sealing drive   Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 12:51 IST . •  UN procurement official held for fraud   Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 12:06 IST . •  Sealing drive: SC to hear applications on Monday  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 11:52 IST . •  ‘We must depend more on technology’  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 11:05 IST . •  ‘Madonna has cleared way for my son’  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 09:48 IST . •  Half of world’s lakes facing grave problems  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 08:56 IST . •  Nov 2 – BBC opens high-definition TV service   Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 08:23 IST . •  Delhi traders end strike, government seeks respite  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 05:15 IST . •  Indian cities best for outsourcing: Survey  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 04:44 IST . •  Can't make that pilgrimage? Rent-a-Pilgrim's here  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 04:36 IST . •  Woman dies next to own grave   Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 01:26 IST . •  Disillusioned online daters turn to matchmakers  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 00:27 IST .  .   General | International | Politics | Business | Sports | Entertainment  .  . •  Lankan planes bomb Tiger stronghold, 5 killed   Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 19:54 IST . •  Syria denies plan to topple Lebanon govt   Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 18:56 IST . •  Iran tests fires long-range missiles   Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 18:34 IST . •  Kerry apologises for remark about troops   Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 14:59 IST . •  ‘Til death did they spar  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 14:40 IST . •  Scientists say White House muzzled them  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 12:32 IST . •  Venezuela, Guatemala quit UN race  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 11:36 IST . •  Novelist William Styron dies at 81  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 09:21 IST . •  ‘Zawahiri used Pak madrassa to train bombers’   Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 08:02 IST . •  16 trapped miners rescued in China   Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 07:48 IST . •  Bush says Rumsfeld, Cheney should stay   Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 05:21 IST .  .   General | International | Politics | Business | Sports | Entertainment  .  . •  Congress reshuffle on the cards   Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 21:29 IST . •  BJP wins LS, Assembly bypolls in MP  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 18:08 IST . •  Jaswant Singh claims credit for nuke deal  Thu, 02 Nov, 2006, 11:31 IST . . http://sify.com/news/todaysheadlines.phpA ski lodge in Lake Tahoe was sued beacuse they didnt have a wheelchair ramp for the disabled.. A 14 year old girl once they were at the top of the mountain couldnt get to the shops.. they were sued for like 500,000.Israeli soldiers launched an offensive in Beit Hannoun, in Gaza, and killed over a hundred Palestinian civilians, claiming that rockets had been fired from the region. Victims included children and women; one particular case was an Israeli sniper killing a 12 year old girl, but having "missed" the supposed Hamas militant he was aiming for.
I think the iron girders got so hot they melted and the buildings imploded into themselves.Plenty will probably answer this by the time I've typed it out.. The planes had just taken off so they were full of fuel, that's why they made hollywood style fireballs on impact.. Besides the damage caused by the impact, the buildings remained standing. The problem was that because of the fuel there were very intense fires tat heated the steel frame of the building to the point where it became softer and could no longer hold up the building above the point of impact.. Once the couple of damaged floors collapsed, the immense weight of the floors above fell on the floor below. That's like holding your neighbours house over yours and dropping it on top. This made the next floor down collapse, that rubble added to the wieght above and it was just a domino effect until the whole lot was on the floor.The planes crashed near the center top of the building, causing damage and fire. The fires weakened the inner framework of the towers causing them to give way. The top part of the tower came crashing down on the rest of the structure.Don't believe the conspiracy theory nutjobs. If you watch the video of the buildings collapsings you can see that as the top floors that were damaged started to fall the weight started a chain reaction. Go watch a video of a controlled collapse,and then watch the video of the towers they are nothing alike,and there is no series of explosions in the Twin towers that would be needed for a controlled colapse.A combination of factors. The force of the planes crashing through the main structure would have taken out many of the load bearing supports (as obviously buildings are not built to withstand an attack like this but rather to stay upright in high winds etc); the explosion of the impact would have created further structural damage; the heat of the burning jet fuel would have then (quite likely) super heated any remaining steel supports creating a weakening...the combination would eventually lead to the upper floors falling down towards the point of impact.  At that point a critical mass of gravity takes over, tens of thousands of tons of building materials falling directly down would cause crushing impact that could not and was not sustained by the structurual support and as the tiop part fell it gained momentum with increased weight adding to the overall collapsing effect - all the way to the bottomIf a building is 110 stories high and comes straight down, how could the bottom floors stay intact? No, there were not any internal explosions, and no it was not a conspiracy. The end.It had to do with physics and the law of gravity. The cascade effect. Plus the fire.I have heard that when one of the journalists was filming at the scene he heard loud bangs and said so on his report.  Then the towers started to collapse.  . . This supports the assumption, that the planes were not entirely liable.It is generally accepted that the impacts and explosions caused a large fire, which melted the central support, and as that gave way at the top (where the fire was) it started a chain reaction, and the falling weight of the top section brought the whole building down. This was more or less the conclusion of the official investigation.. . There is, however, a popular conspiracy theory on the internet, in which the US government was complicit in the attack, and the towers were brought down by controlled demolotion.Well my dad has been researching it as he is convinced its a big conspriacy and believes along with a lot of other internet people that there were explosions on each floor, some video shows it or something that to have the impact it did there would have had to have been explosions on each floor!! I dunno he thinks the moon landing is a conspiracy too!Avaiation fule from the planes melted the internal structure hence the towers collasped. brief but to the point.it had explosion at the bottom of the towers. i think there is a DVD about the truth what actually happened on 9/11.As with what the sensible people above said. The Twin Towers were supported by a central column of steel with struts going outwards, rather than an external 'jacket' of steel round the outer walls like many other high structures. So as the weight of the building above crashed down, the force would have been highly concentrated around the central column which then collapsed. If the buildings had had an external 'jacket' then perhaps the bottom half would have survived as the weight would have been more dissipated, but who knows? These buildings were designed to support their own  weight and accomodate wind and other forces, but were not built to withstand a large impact force from above - why would they be?You stupid effin idiot!!It's been on just about every TV channel just WHY the towers collapsed - it was because they were never designed to withstand such an attack, it never having been thought that the bastards would pull such a dastardly stunt.American build quality, nothing but the bestThe "gray" aliens planted the bombs 'coz the CIA and the Barvarian Illuminati told them to do it. For Gods' sake, what a question. Do you read of lot of David Icke and similar?Faulty high-rise buildings highly wired with smokes detectors and cooking gas with highly combustible furnishing that gave way to the building collaspe in planet of apes.. The mystery of us-911 on a highly fuse building waiting for time to go off.Not exactly sure think the heat affected the building.
she was kidnapped and murdered in september 1995, along with her son and granddaughter.  the bodies were found on a ranch in texas, in 2001.. . Although he was never convicted, it is believed that David Roland Waters, a former employee and embezzler at American Atheists, Inc. (O'hair's group) murdered tham with two accomplices.  Waters died in prison in 2003.don't know do youFirst of all, it's "Madalyn Murray O'Hair.Perplexing 1995 disappearance of the 77-year-old woman, her son,her grand  daughter and $500,000 in gold coins.Finally, in January 2001, the presumed remains of Ms. O'Hair and two others was found.She then went straight to the Hell she denies existed for denouncing God and attempting to dissuade others into the same trap.
It is believed that this is actually the cause of many apparent teen suicides. It is extremely dangerous and it is an effect that cannot be controlled.lack of oxygen to the brain; imbalance of o2 and co2 in the bloodstream; gangrene is possible especially in the brainbrain damage and death, gee that's appealing!It might ruined their brain but come to think of it, if your kids play that game, I think the brain is already damaged. How stupid can a teenager be to play a choking game?Are you sure your not 8?
because islam claims to be a religion of peace, then chops peoples heads off...They are not very balanced people on average, and such religious suppression drives people mad.Because there will always be enemies of peacebecause trained chimpanzees have attempted to assassinate popes in the past and they never know when they might strike again. . o and there's no such thing as a religion of peaceBecause it is obviously not the religion of peace. It is as it's name states, the religion of Submission. That is, that everyone no matter of choice, should be forced to submit to their way of thinking by any means necessary, including violence.Which religion would that be?noone likes him.The whole thing is a clever publicity stunt by the pope. First he makes negative comments about Islam and then he travels to an Islamic country, and, would you believe it, does not get received well. So, he just proved his point and deepened the mistrust and divide between the two religions. Religion is responsible for so much hatred and just provides an extra platform for people to stand divided and hate each other.the religion of peace, wants a piece of the pope.screw the pope.  screw him right in his funny hats.And the Democrats tell me they only have my best interest at heart too. Muslim extremists are at present about the most violent people in the world. All of which makes you wonder why IF Muslims are so peaceful they don't stone those who are giving them a bad rep.I believe you know the answer to this. We all know he is not safe over there.
Terrorists crashed hijacked planes into each  of the Twin Tower buildings of the World Trade Center in NYC. Both buildings collapsed killing over 3,000 people including the firefighters, paramedics and police who were there trying to get the people out. Another hijacked plane crashed into the Pentagon, and a fourth that was supposedly headed to the White House crashed in a field in Pennsylvania. The passengers on that plane fought back against the hijackers to stop them fromcrashing the plane into another building. A very sad day in American history.terrorists crashed 2 planes into the world trade center in New York killing thousands of people. They also tried to destroy the white house and pentagon to bring us to our knees.What do you mean exactly by what happened?  Are you looking for blame (Bush's fault..yada yada....as annoyingly repeated by liberal morons) or are you looking for facts about the actual events as they unfolded, irrespective of who dropped the ball?  Go to a reliable news source, or your local library, and pull up archived newspapers from 9-11-01 to get the full details.the 911 emergency response system in the US had the busiest. day ever in its 32 year history, so they decided to call it 9/11 day.I went to the birthday party of a fiend of mine.sept 1901 woudve been very close to the exposition where a president from Ohio, Mckinley was assasinatedterrorist hijackers hijacked planes and flew them into the world trade centers,pentagon and crashed to the ground in Pennsylvania,more than 3000 lives lost.Nothing special. It was pretty much just another typical day in paradise. George W. Bush and his handlers faked a 'terrorist' attack so that they'd have a reason to unconstitutionally and illegally invade Iraq. Other than that, it was just one more humdrum day.                                    -RKO-You are joking...right?The united states decided that no more airplanes were to fly in the sky for the later part of the day and every flight was canceled sometime around 9am.It was a terrorism attack on the united states of America.. The date with September 11Th 2001.(9-11-01). The world trade center's in new york was hit and over 2000 people lost their lives.it was a day of infamy for the united states of america..  A wake up call that was sounded too late..  it shook both the nation and the world  and ; in order to show respect... for all of  the innocent victims, and their loved ones;. it is an anniversary date WE ;  all Americans ( as one  nation) ,  should join hands and pay homage.Here are some pictures of what happened at 9/119/11 is a day that will be remembered forever.. the lives lost on the planes, and the lives lost of the ones fighting to save people.. terriosts were planning to hijack 3 famous areas around America.. the first was the white house - that failed, and they ended up crashing in a paddock, middle of nowhere.. the second his the first tower, and the third hit the other tower.. over 2000 people were killed, including everyone on board the plane, and all people on the floors above where the planes hit.. some people managed to get out alive.. this is a sad day for everyone, and it will be remembered always.. <3
In printing, the size of a letter is important.  There is em length which is that of a dash and en which is the length of a hyphen.  For example, w is em length and i is en length.. -MMIt's a dash that is the width of the letter n. I forget which typface. It's one of those measurement leftover from the good ole days when type was set by hand. There are little spacers that are the same width as certain letters.
Because she's insane in the membrane.Rosie always has to be center stage so she'll freak out about anything in order to grab the spotlight on the show. She thinks "The View" is her show now and I wish Barbara Walters would come to her senses and see that Rosie is not a team player.She tends to overreact to things like that. I was seriously fed up with the woman.. until she snorted coke on The View.Don't watch the view since she's on. She just takes over everything. You would think it was her show.I think she's just got a chip on her shoulder, I know I wouldn't like any man putting his hand on my face either.. (none of them wash their hands often)She's a "bully" who thinks that anyone who's being sarcastic or doesn't agree with her views to be "less than ideal".  I used to find her funny a few years ago, now she's just an obnoxious, loud mouth, has beeni don't know what up with this b she seam to have a problem with every one who is not gay these days I'm so glad that Mrs. ripa got off into her @SS . i don't think that Kelley was being homophobic by asking this guy not to put his nasty hand over her mouth have Rossie ever heard of germs . who's watching the view any way the show will be cancel because of Rossie at the of this year any way it was a bad move for the view to hire this idiot O'Donnell from the beginning .In her early years when she was a stand up comic, I found her to be funny (I think this was in the 80's) but now, I find that she has a major chip on her shoulder and wants to take issue and slam her beliefs on everybody. She has become such a turn-off. As far as The View, I stopped watching it when they signed her on.. The Kelly Ripa thing....I really don't find where she did anything wrong. There are alot of people that don't want other people's hand in their face no matter who that person is or is not.could it be because she doesn't like guys ?She saw your avatar.
THEY TOOK A CALENDER, PUT IT ON A WALL AND THREW A DART AT IT. IT LANDED ON DECEMBER 1ST.. THAT EXPLANATION IS AS GOOD AS ANY.none, but they have to do it on some daysomeone correct me if i'm wrong...wasn't the death of  gay activist, harvey milk in dec? maybe it has something to do w/ it given the earlier stigma assoc. w/ the disease.
Look up St. Louis Obituaries.  Good Luck!Go to the website of the paper and see if their obituaries go back that far on line.  Or you can find out if there is a library near you that subscribes to that newspaper and then look through their back issues.   The last thing you can do is call the paper and see if they will sell you an issue from that day.  Good luck.Try this site:. http://www.stltoday.com/news/obituarieswww.hometownnews.com.  Select state, then select city, go to the obits. sectionYou can contact the St. Louis Journal.first it would help to be in st. louis.  go to a public library and look up past issues by micro fiche or computer.  go on line with city hall .with the date of the death , name and place of  the death and find the info you need
It shouldn't be, but it is tilted. We must remember that journalists answer to editors, and editors answer to owners and other big shots. Journalists must report in the manner in which their superiors tell them to. It's not up to the journalist how they report a story - mainly for tv news.I always ask what people mean by a "tilt to the left."  What does left mean?  I remind people that John Kerry, Edward Kennedy, and Howard Dean would probably be pretty good members of the Conservative Party in the U.K.. When the right wing sets the standard for what conservative is it means pretty much anyone in the U.S. is a lefty.by definition itself journalism is a liberal art... most cultural,intellectual,technological and scientific people are more liberal.... . the "right" or conservative is just that...conservative thought,rational,etc...not really a thoughtfull or insightful bunch
assesination, is murder for money or political gain, carried out by a hired gun. murder is in the heat of an argument or passion, in other words not pre meditated.. in both cases you end up dead,You have to be important to be assassainated.. If you're a poor bloke, you just get murddered.. Either way, you're dead, why would you care what they call it?WELL WHEN IN DOUBT............ ONE CAN REFER TO DICTIONARY......All assasinations are pre-meditated...and takes some thought.  Murders tend to be (not always)...done on impulse, without much thought.An assassination is the murdering of a person for political reasons.Assassination is murder, but not all murder is assassination. An assassination refers to the planned murder of a public figure.According to The American Heritage Dictionary, to assassinate is "To murder (a prominent person) by surprise attack, as for political reasons."[1]an assassination is of a prominent person, usually political.Assassination is the deliberate killing of an important personTo murder of a prominent person by surprise attack (many for for political reasons) is considered an assassination.. . John Lenon qualifies as a prominent person and his murder happened by surprise attack.  Although, I would argue that assassination is the correct word...the DJ used the term that best expresses his views.
It depends upon what they watch. Television has both good and evil programs.its not the tv its the parents that don't care about what there kids do,. trust me I knowWatching too much and watching the wrong programs - yes to your question.  Parents have a responsibility to monitor their kids.  I have to ask sometimes - where are the parents???  Kids who watch too much TV are fatter, less motivated,  do not exercise, do not get enough fresh air, do not do well in school, do not read  and the list goes on and on.   But if monitored by parents, TV can be a learning experience. Moderation in everything is as good for children as it is for adults.Don't throw TV's at kids. The impact is negativeUnfortunately Yeah, i think its not just bad for kids as some adults are effected negatively too. With some people T.V sets standards they follow in society. Watching at a young age doesn't help.As a parent, it is tricky. There are some great programs on TV that I let my children watch, but I do have to monitor their time that they watch and what they watch. Sometimes even the cartoons are suggestive and sarcastic. I think that the problem starts when children just stay glued to the television and don't want to do anything else. I think that some parents use it as a babysitter with no regards to what their children are actually watching. And I think that producers of shows could offer more family oriented shows. Having said this, I think TV is both positive and negative and it is the responsibility of parents to take control and do what is best. I know my kids (12,10, and 4) would love nothing more to plant themselves in front of it all weekend long, but as their Mom, I find other things for them to do, after watching a few shows!Television has both good and negative impact on children. The good impacts are all the morals they learn from kid programs and cartoons. Negative impact such as violence, swearing and adult themes are certainly not acceptableObviously it would depend on the type of TV the child is allowed to watch:. . Dora The Explorer - How can learning Spanish, counting, sharing, etc... hurt a child? It can't.... . Porn - Uhmmm I am thinking it's a no no..... . -----------------------------------------------------------------------. . Does TV have a negative impact? NO. . Do certain programs irresponsible parents let their children watch have a negative impact?  Uhhhh... YES, of course!advertising and consumption. leads to . coveting. therefore. i decide advertising and consumption ruins them, not the storiesThe televisions have both positive and negative impacts on children.They watch news and other educational programs.But 70% it is a negative impact on children.Nearly. 26% of the children wear spex because they watch non stop T.V. pro grammes.When they get addicted to TV they really can't concentrate on any particular work.They become lazy and mostly ignore outdoor games and thereby the can't really obtain perfect health.But we can't say completely that it ruins the children because i am also a 9th grade student and i get more benefits by seeing Discovery channel and so..  . It all depends on for what purpose they use the television .to my point of view ''if we don't see TV  we can't survive''t.v has both adv. and disadv.the negative side is gaining momemtum...children are glued to the tv sets..hence no play,therefore it causes health problems..increase in children wearing specs. also proves it.obesity and tv watching are definetely inter-related.more violence,laziness...do not help parents in the house....and the list is endless.
they will come after they hang him, remember there are at least 5 or 6 sadam imporsonatorsHow many times would you like to hang Saddam?  He will be dead after the first one.hey man the trials over and he is going to be hanged in a day sp its all good he is paying the ultimate penality for his crimes death . or some would say rotting in prison would be worse.just give them time.They didn't even get a chance . to get to that!. He got a death sentence on t. he first charge so no point carrying on prosecuting him for the rest of his crimes... . he'll be paying for all of them with his death sentence!Who cares? Hanging Saddam is not going to bring back the dead or even reduce the quagmire in Iraq.
I may be only 14 years old, but the reason muslims are being treated so bad is becase it is the religion of the terrorist orginizations. Muslims are being steriotyped because of this. These terrorist muslims belive that blowing themselves up in public places or going around killing innocent people will gain them entrence into their "heaven" But not all Muslims are like that. its just these bastard were fighting over there in Iraq.  Like Alquida. Its just like this, have you ever seen a show about the south and all the people put on these anoying little accents? they are steriotyping that all the people in the south talk like rednecks. haha. this is not true. i live in south west GA.Is sort of like an incident in Canada.. they had a turbaned Mountie who went to court and won his case about wearing the turban.. His non-conformist attitude and confrontation won him a new placement... in the frozen north country.. . If individuals want to be accepted in their adopted country, they should conform to the norms they have applied for. Segregationists should not expect any other treatment, by any country willing to allow them entry.. . All this leading up to a question.... why did you leave your homeland if not to improve yourself in some manner?it says nowhere in the koran that women have to be covered upWhile not all Muslims are terrorists, all terrorists are Muslims.  And so, they are suspect.Oil. In Turkmenistan, the young men have been ordered to shave off their beards, so as not to offend Bush and the oil barons.Because most people either can't or won't seperate the terriorist from the religion. and that's just sadwill.  governments even in Islamic communities are against  the islamic union what make muslims know each other things like coversThey are on a path to distroy all of us don't kid yourselfs. they can;t  handle the capitalist ways, they have said this for decades
the whole world has gotten more violant, life isn't worth a damn anymoreI think TV has a major influence, even more is parental lack of involvement.  Please and thank you are almost alien words to most peopleNot much has changed, media likes to sensationalize nowadays
probably because most africans are n1ggersPerhaps because of geography the BBC has been targeting an audience outside its origin countries borders.  Therefore the BBC is preferable to international audiences.  I am Canadian and quite often find the BBC news more relevant than CNN.Unconciously they remember who brought them our creator's universal gifts of life that was blindly thrown away and was lost with time in planet of apes.my husband (from Africa) laughed when i read him this...he prefers BBC. he said maybe b/c he grew up with it, plus it shows more world events.I'd say most people would prefer BBC.  They show more news from around the world.BBC has a more international scope. It also is not as one sided, biased if you will...but I like both.
It was owned by O.J.'s friend and former teammate, Al Cowlings, who was the driver in that infamous slow freeway chase. Following O.J.'s civil trial, the Bronco was purchased by a collector named Michael Pulwer for $75,000, nearly twice the vehicle's original value.Have not heard.He probably sold it !Hopefully someone bought it and are laying in wait for OJ... to drive over him with it.
i think no matter how bad someone is, they shouldnt be sentenced to death. . we all know that sadam was an evil man and he did wrong against his country however he should just be sentenced to a life imprisonment without bail, firstly its more torturoud then just being quickly put to death secondly, nobody has the right to decide when somebody dies.fair, but he is very great man alsoIt is fair for all the crimes he committed on his own folk. Think about his killing a football team for their failure. Those who live by bullet die by bullet.. . However it will appear unfair only if a die hard Laden fan or one of those Muslim guys who has shut their brains off and only listen to the cleric's call.should have shot the b*****d when they first found himSo long as U.S.A. occupies Iraq and if the trial of Saddam is not conducted by an International court of law/justice the death sentence passed against Saddam will not be deemed to be fair.fair enoughNot at all fair. Because we all know that Saddam has killed many people. But still, if the government of Iraq wants him dead, what is the difference between the government and Saddam. Both of them are causing death.May be fair if verdict were to be given by an independent country court. "B" should be punished first for killing huge numbers of innocent people of Iraq.hey answer this question after you check out loosechange.com WARNING: this video is an hour and a half long and may provoke dissapoinment in our gov't. This is what really happenend on 9/11! Lemme know what you think... minimike_1107@yahoo.comDoes it matter? Sure he has a mega bad dude, but he was the legitimate ruler of his country at the time. Let the Iraqi's do what they want with him. I'd be suprised if he lived long enough to be hung tho.it has first come to pass before I believe itVery fair. most people should be sentenced to death. theres way to many human parisites on mother earths skin. we will torture her to death. as well as kill us all off one day with our wars and pollution. kill the humans, save the earth.now before its too late.say yes to war. yes to virus s. kill kill kill. kill the humans.Very fair considering all the people he killed.My dad says they somehow won't hang him though,I can't understand why...If I believed in the death penalty, then it's fair.  But I don't. & just think, once it's over, it's over. Wouldn't it be better to stick him somewhere that he'd have to live with himself for the rest of his life? THAT would really be punishment! I'm sure there are a lot of people who would just love to WATCH him hang. Por que? Emotional satisfaction? Like the old hangings "in the square" where people brought picnic lunches. Make him suffer. Killing him will not do that.He deserve it,but we did not have the right to judge him.Insha Allah he will go to hell.I think there was no trial at all.The so called USA sponsored trial is an act of murder of a head of state.. UN also has denounced the invasion of Iraq.. So it is simple USA will go on doing this kind of war crime and Bush will be hailed by their people.. Their act of injustice is going to b paid by us,as it will aid the fundamentalist idea in the whole world.. Pres Saddam Hussein has been meted justice by a section of Iraqi people who were powerless before.. So they are now taking revenge,that's all.. If the dummy Iraqi govt can not give protection to deffence lawers then it is clear that Saddam Hussain is still the legitimate President of Iraq,and we people of world has been made to see that injustice by the greatest terrorist of world The USA.Being against death sentence, I cannot consider this fair. To me, life sentence would have been better (if I may use this word). That way, he thinks about why he is here until his natural death.. Moreover, I cannot consider fairness and justice coming from a tribunal who has no credibility to me: why wasn't he trialled by the international criminal tribunal, as it has been the case for the genocide in Rwanda, even though this country did not joined the ICT?I will give my opinion as an Iraqi .. It's fair enough as I don't think that there is a human being can imagine what did this man do ???? with his people ..not fair at all..........and that is because we have just seen the picture from one side and that is the side of winner.Other than that god gives life and only he holds the right to take it back.
Contact the Courier Mail. I assume you are talking about Brisbane's newspaper which is owned by News Limited.I doubt anyone is going to have one but I imagine you might be able to get a full size copy if you speak with the local library.  They may have the original but more likely they've transferred it to microfiche or digital.. . Is this 70 year old person still mobile and with a driver license?  Get a gift card for Bob Evans or Cracker Barrel (old people like those restaurants).Look it up and call them. . This will help you find your answer!!!. . Here is a list of every newspaper in the USA and the world.  Hope this helps you.. http://www.refdesk.com/paper.html. http://newslink.org/news.html. http://newspaper-world.com/. http://www.ipl.org/div/news/. http://newspaper-world.com/international.htm. This shows you:. 423 front pages from 44 countries presented alphabetically.. http://www.newseum.org/todaysfrontpages/. . Here’s TV and Radio. http://www.refdesk.com/tv.html. http://archive.museophile.org/broadcast/. http://newslink.org/topsites.html. http://www.surfmusic.de/. http://radiostationworld.com/. http://www.npr.org/worldwide/. http://www.wwitv.com/portal.htm. . Watch free television on the net, news, shows, etc:. http://www.internettvlist.com/. . QUICK REFERENCE / RESEARCH. http://www.refdesk.com/instant.html. http://www.libraries.psu.edu/gateway/referenceshelf/news.htm. http://www.reference.com/. http://dir.yahoo.com/Reference/. http://ipl.sils.umich.edu/. http://www.rcls.org/deskref/. http://www.loc.gov/rr/askalib/virtualref.html. . Obituaries:. http://www.obitcentral.com/. http://theoldentimes.com/index.html. http://www.ancestorhunt.com/obituary_search_engines.htm. http://www.arrangeonline.com/. http://www.rootsweb.com/~usgenweb/obits/. . Genealogy Help:. http://www.cyndislist.com/. http://genealogy.about.com/. http://www.genhomepage.com/. http://ssdi.rootsweb.com/. . People Locater:. http://www.zabasearch.com/
DON'T HAVE ANY WAY TO KNOW. ALSO, I DON'T CAREBecause he did it!He makes too much money off peopleHe is admitting some of the allegations are true.  So, his days of hypocrisy in leading the church against gays have probably come to an end.  Sigh, with the "hungry media" the days of being able to live a comfortable life of expousing bigotry and hatred seem to be harder and harder to achieve....  Life as a hypocrite isn't as easy as it appears!It was a good idea for him to step down this way there will be not any thought of wrong doing or any kind of something is trying to be hiden while he is investigated by the council.He's not.  Last news reports from his board reports he has admitted to some of the allegations:. Purchasing Meth (but he did not try it, of course, was just curious) and he also admitted receiving a massage from the male prostitute ( but of course it was all just for physical relief!).His stories seem to change each day.
It was on CW in reruns. But the series that ran on ABC fizzled out one year after John Ritter's death. If he hadn't passed on when he did, the show might still be on today.. . Historically, TV shows try to move on without it's main star but can't after 1 season or 2 because of the death of a prinicipal actor. Back in 1990, Redd Foxx best known for playing Fred Sanford on Sanford & Son in the 1970's returned to television in a new show called "The Royal Family" that aired on CBS. . . Foxx played a US Postal worker and Della Reese played his wife before she went on to star in Touched By An Angel. Foxx suffered a fatal heart attack early in 1991 and the show didn't survive the rest of that season.I used to love that show. But now I stopped watching it. I have seen re-runs on but I dont know what time or channel. I think that they stopped showing it because one of the main characters died and there werent many episodes.
Because the Irish-American community is an important voting bloc in the USA (Boston, New York and Chicago in particular) and no politician wants to upset them and the hundreds of thousands of dollars they contribute to election campaigns.  However Muslims, who represent only a tiny fraction of the US population, have no electoral power, and can therefore be ignored.  (The US has only now, after 220+ years in existence elected its first Muslim to Congress, Keith Ellison from Minnesota).That is pretty much it...the Irish Americans were very happy to fund the IRA as it had no material disadvantage and sufficient distance for them to make it into a simple political argument. If there had been any IRA atrocity on the US mainland alsmot certianly they would have been obliged to rethink.  But..America as a corporate / govt / madd media body is still very insular and is still very good at looking at things in incredible simplistic terms not least being able to  reduce nations and religions to the lowest common denominator.  Funny that Britain is following this route "illegal" will now sit before the word immigrant or refugee but that's another story.. As for the person saying check your facts - blimey don't think you seem to udnertand that it is a fact - the organisation funnelling funds to the IRA or Sinn Fein if you prefer which is the political wing of the IRA was Noraid primarily situated on the East coast centreed but not exclusively around NY and Boston - google them and be surprised at the funding level!They are simply mad.Perhaps you could reference where your information comes from! concerning support for the IRA. Seems the USA is not the only country involved in this war on terrorism you should check your facts.because its suits them, they only do it when it benifits themit all depends which side you are on, doesn't itPlease check your facts.  The US Government to my knowledge has never funded the IRA when it was declared a terrorist organization.  Private sources in the US have funded but not the government.  Another question how can there be a "war" on a nonentity?  This is a new coinage...eg. war on poverty/war on terrorism...this statement is illogical.. War cannot be declared on a nonentity.  Define terrorism first...I'm sure Bush hasn't done it yet or he would be using this word correctly.
women have every right to play football but i would never pay to watch it.  mike newell was wrong about the female officials i suppose.  as long as they prove that they can keep up with game and apply the rules properly they should be given a chance.that guy's an idiot, men and women have equal rights to do everything. and sport is to be enjoyed and played by men and women as well, not for some moron to vent his frustrations.i agree too, i hate it when ppl still think that its only a mans world and that women should only be in the kitchen and in the bedroom, so narrow minded, infact women is much better than men, oh yeah scooter, how 'bout ya cook us sum dinner?That guy's an idiot and so is Errie (see earlier post) - both of them are obviously terrified of women for some reason.dumbnessi too agree...I agreeFootball is not for girls no matter how hard you try to convince us men.  Why do you have to ruin everything.  We let you in our pubs and we gave you the vote.  Just back off and get on with your knitting or whatever it is you do.Women do not have what it takes to be a ref or linesman.  Linesman not lines-woman.  Most of you moan when its football season or the world cup. Stick to your netball, and leave us men to get on with real sporting games.  I suppose next it will be you all want to play or referee rugby.Why DO women wear trainers and go to the gym...that's a man's world luv!! Now make my dinner.Football is a religion to many and a big business, female officials in my opinion can do no worse than the shoddy male officials we have now.  Mike Newell is looking for excuses, the female official gave him 2 goals last season against Sheffield Wednesday and he wasn't complaining then!!!. . No one likes to lose at football and everyone else is to blame.I think women need to realise that they probably have more rights than men nowerdays. Almost every sport has a gender divide, not just football. I don't think there is anything wrong with female officials though, the managers and players are probably just so unused to it that they can only be a bit phobic of them at first. It's the same with everything.
Never heard of him...because hes a fool of crap and hes a druggy and everyone knows it.  Did so many drugs that he lost part of his hearing.  Do you listen to the crack heads on the corner and take their advice?Limbaugh, Limburger, see any relation. I have it on good authority he has a hot air balloon that does not use any petroleum or chemical based fuels, and it may be able to set a new altitude record as well.Reverse psychology has expired with nazi but reliving again with your shoddy (is that british enough?) statement. It proves one more time that Rove's dementia is on the rise. Please re read what you said and get back to me.the dumming down of america does not like the light of scienceYou also believe that Bush will Find WMD. Maybe it is under Rush`s Butt?Liberal? so that is what he is???  And I thought he was a nut case.* . the man's an insenitve boob! Just ask Michael Fox.It is beyond me why anyone can listen to that garbage.
someone who writes about what is going on in the country and the worldThe truth helps, however does the public really need to know some specific details that could be used by terrorists.  One example that still sticks in my mind is the routes that will be used to transport nuclear waste to Yucca mountain, only thing missing was exact time table.  That was irresponsibleStick to the facts and to set your own personal feelings aside.First, the facts must be right.  Second, it's important to put things into context.  For example, when discussing death tolls in the war, if the press is so indignant on comparing this war to Vietnam, let compare a month in Vietnam to a month in Iraq.  This won't happen though b/c people will see there is no comparison.  . . Facts and context.
go to google images and see for yourselfHe look just like Scotty Pippen with beard.He's an ugly piece of work... . if you see him tell him I'm looking for him!!!!. (there's a hell of a price on his ugly head!)Black beard, black hair, white cap sort of thing, and a white cloak. That's what I think about looks like him. oh and evil face!
there should be no bans on the coverage let people see the true horrors of war  then they might not be so keen to support itUK gov want to avoid the pitfalls of the Vietnam war when on our screens nightly we were shown young American soldiers being killed in battle.  What it lead to, both here in UK and in USA, was a massive anti-war movement.  Yo Blair is dead against that - some socialist.Not sure who you think "we" are here, the media? Americans? And not sure what you think we support - the war? The media? . . I think there ought to be more outrage over the censorship of war images by the Bush administration, but they've got the press so terrified of losing access to the White House that they are willing to suppress just about anything and few of them ever ask the tough questions. . . It took an act of deep cynicism for the Nixon era cronies who planned the Iraq invasion for Bush to be so bold as to ban all images of coffins, but it was a shrewd thing to do. They know what can happen when America sees too many bodies coming - after all, these are the same guys who went into Vietnam!It is better that the public don't see things that they can't handle. Isn't it a little like watching public executions, using as an excuse, the fact that you believe in capitol punishment?That's america for ya!OPINION: 1) From the viewpoint of the present administration, anything that might detract from the collective approval of their war effort and occupation is minimized. This is one of the many examples of media control exercised by the feds. Falls under the heading "no hard questions".. 2) The number of people actually supporting this war is in rapid decline. Efforts by the administration to make a connection between supporting our troops and supporting the war is false logic and has become transparent to the educated. All of us could have supported our troops best by not sending any of them into this mess. I could rail on for hours but...
not all poor people are chavs... some families have very low incomes and that was their only way to save. I'd be pissed off if I'd put hundreds of pounds into it then only got £20 back!!ur name fits ur attitude! wankshaft, you'd be different if it was one of your family that had saved then lost it allgeneralizing a bit there aren't you, most of the people that have lost a full years savings with this disgraceful company were trying to do their best to give their kids a decent Xmas.shame on you!They are mainly people on low income who have been swindled by a man who appears to be wealthy enough to pay most of the money back. I know at least one person who has lost out to this creep and I hope she gets the chance to use you as a novelty ashtray.I wouldn't call them "victims" they're just unlucky. There must have been people who worked for the company that lost their jobs too.My hubby works away whilst I stay at home and look after our   4 children, we also own our home! I saved with Park Hampers, so see how wrong you are, you knew wot you were doing when you gave yourself this name coz you are Fecking f**wit!So, if your boss still got his pay, with bonus and the bank got theirs but you were further down the ladder  so get nothing.Would that be O.K then?...  Just a thought  DO you have a job?I get really annoyed about the farepak thing! At least they'll have roofs over their head this Christmas - what about homeless people who have nothing?! Why don't the big retail companies rally round and give them something this Christmas?!What demons come to you when you sleep at night?  Who interfered with you when you were little so that you grew up to be a cruel, nasty, bitter and angry person?
The Christmas and Holiday spending frenzy - how to avoid getting caught up in all the commercial hype, overspending and stressing out on what you are going to buy for whom.  How the original intent of Christmas has been distorted by advertisers, shops and media. . . Focus on the true meaning of Christmas and gift ideas that won't cost you an arm and a leg - eg. Volunteering your time to a charity as a gift or vouchers of your time - babysitting or car-washing or home-made gifts eg cookies.Ask your fellow classmates what their favorite Christmas/holiday memories from their childhood. :)How about an article about Christmas around the world. I am living and working in Thailand and, because it's a buddhist country, it's not even a public holiday. I am from the UK so this will be my first December 25th away from home and all that goes with it.Do a article, on family traditions, every family does something thats unique, and it's neat to find out what people doMaybe a list of places that need volunteers to help out during the holidays. An article about how teens can earn money for Christmas presents.Check with the local programs that do things for the poor, and see if they need volunteers. You can make the students aware of anyone that needs help.(be sure to put time and date)Good luck with the paper...Why kids today don't associate the birth of Jesus with Christmas....all they care about is Santa Claus and their IPOD!The history and different names of Santa Claus, St. Nicholas, Kris Kringle, etc. Not many ppl know about all that
Damn good question. Many have wondered the same.  It is called propaganda.Yes, they are the same. A human life is a human life no matter what labels the politicians and the media place on them. It's all about expanding the territory.The Palestinians are killing innocent civilians in purpose. They are not attacking targets of a military or strategic value.. . Although the killings of Israel are indiscriminated in many instances (and here you have to keep in mind the situation in the Palestinian territories where Palestinian fighters are embedded in the comunities in a highly densely populated area) they are at lest nominaly aimed at  military oposition of some kind. . . Israel does not plant bombs in random places and then detonates them to kill indiscriminately.. . Those differences should be explained somehow, and it satisfies me if the Palestinians that fight this way are described so harshly.. . This is not to say that Israel deserves support, what they are doing  to Palestinians as a people is unspeakable, but that does not mean that the Palestinians are using any moraly palatable tactics to fight back.They are both the same but the way this world has gone crazy we are not allowed to offend people by saying it's the same.Your point is well taken , but I must say that the rest of us are relieved at your animosity. If you ever united you would rule the world.practically no one cares if an Israeli kills a Palestine because we fighting against them, so they call it self defense(i don't think that's fair because not all Palestinians are bad)I don't know. It's probably the way it's reported by the American news channels.. . But then it's just history repeating itself like when American Indians got a bad rap when they were simply trying to defend their land from the invading whites...all those years ago. They got the shi tty end of the stick too.Because the term "Terorist" is invented by US and US supports Israel. If the US invades and picks a random country on the map  , where there is peace needed, we can bomb the country chosen and kill everyone but if they respond they are the terorists. . Think happy thoughts!true. only both are not the same.. picture this: you are sitting with your family at home one pleasant evening happily tap tapping at your keyboard (yahoo answering) a gang of armed gun men burst into your wee castle demanding their ancestral home back, of course you resist you have the papers to prove its your house you are informed its all obsolete now their boss has the power, and so the war begins....killing is killing full stop.giving it a different name still will not make. it ok.all sides need to realize this.and just live together.Because the U.S. government supports Israel........everyone knows that.  They have that power base in the media to do that.  Israeli soldiers are no different than SS Nazi storm troopers.Same reason as when the Israeli terrorists bombed the King David Hotel and killed our British soldiers they were called Freedom fighters and not terrorist. Gods chosen people can call themselves what they like because they think they are better than everyone else and after all God is only on their side.nobecause the western world has abandoned the plight of the palestinian peopleyes...killing is killing....becaus the print and electric media is controlled and owned by jews.of course both are the same.both are a crime.both are not accepted humanity-wise. i respect you.To me there the same.Happens all over.....all the time.. . Did you see the news item where that terrorist Nelson Mandela spoke so highly of the recently deceased President De Clerke of South Africa?. . You only believe what you're told is the truth.
would not be of much help.  you will just be blown away by high velocity wind.It is a sad tale but the exterior emergency exit strategy saw it's demise do to the prevalent use of electric driers.  It's true.  Why do you need an exterior landing if you aren't going to hang wet cloths on it?  And it would have increased the load to vertical stress ratio, to say nothing of increasing the amount of steel used on the Towers by another third or more.  It has ALWAYS been about cost, aesthetics are second or third.OSHA does not only NOT require outside fire escapes, it doesn't apply to anything except industrial buildings.  Fire escapes are covered by local building codes which can vary, but generally agree on how many stairwells are required according to occupancy and that they be separated from the building with at least two-hour rated fire walls.  People jumped to their deaths because no building is made to withstand something the size of a jet laden with tons of kerosene smashing into it and spilling fuel down the stairwells.
Fox "News" isn't 'news' at all - it's a Republican propaganda machine designed to spread hatred, evil, lies, and bigotry all across America. There's only one 'thing' more despicable than Fox "News" - and that's the Nazi-inspired Rush Limbaugh. . The conservative-biased media spews its toxic poison while exploiting America's most precious right - the freedom of free expression. . In a matter of a few more years, the conservative mouthpieces will have succeeded in persuading many of their brainwashed ditto heads to believe it's 'acceptable' to criticize, abuse, torture, or even kill anyone who disagrees with the conservative view point. That means anyone Limbaugh & Co. hates: homosexuals; welfare recipients; homeless people; the poor and the hungry; liberals; street-corner drug addicts; common criminals; non-Christians; unwed mothers; women's libbers; tree-hugging environmentalists; and all those other "wackos" Limbaugh so despises.. Of course, those of the perfect conservative persuasion will be part of the perfect 'race' that Limbaugh loves: pedophiles; alcoholics; prescription-drug abusers; corporate welfare recipients; white collar criminals; war mongers; millionaires and billionaires; white anglo-saxon protestants; war profiteers; and all those others, including all members of Congress and the Bush administration.. Think it can't happen in America?. Neither did middle and upper-class Germans think that Hitler could exterminate 6,000,000 Jews and others who weren't part of his "pure Ayran race". . The conservatives have their own "final solution" in mind - and Limbaugh, Fox "News", and the rest of the conservative media is anxious to see it happen.                               -RKO-It was created by people with this bias.  It is a perfect example of how much money can do.  If you've got the money, you too can create a fake news network and infect people with your opinions.fox is fair and balanced,, you get the good side and the bad side of stories,,, I wouldn;t watch any other news from Fox and friends to Bill Oreilly and shephard smith,, . you wants news turn on fox,,,It is minutely biased to the right to provide a tiny amount of balance against the overwhelming Left bias of all the other major news Organizations.Well, since all the others are so biased towards the Left, FOX's relative conservatism stands out.It would seem that they would like to cater to the Christian fan base, that's why their shows are so crap and derogatory towards anything inclusive to what non conformists like. example, Bill Oreily, and Ludacris, 50 Cent, and Pepsi.Because the ultimate owner of Fox corporation is a horrible horrible republican man that thinks hunting is fun.  I just had a discussion about him yesterday and I cannot believe his name escapes me at this time, but he is a great contributor of the republican party.  It's astounding the amount of control this man has and what he owns....radio stations galore, newspapers....the list goes on and on.  If you email me in twenty minutes I will have remembered his name....good luck.  OH OH!!  Rupert Murdoch!  Just recalled....lol.Perhaps the simplest and most logical reason is; all of the other stations are extremely biased to the left. As becomes very evident when you see the demonizing of Fox on all of them. They are quite used to having absolute control of the airwaves and don't care for any interlopers.  Oddly, the blogs seemed to come into play about the same time Fox did. The absolute hold on broadcasting had finally been broken.we can only guess. rupert murdoch the owner is conservatively biased and he probably hired more conservatives to head all of his companies and therefore they r biased. so yeah, buit we cano nly guess.
It's synonymous with muzzling; similar to the Y!A violation system.. . Limiting, restricting or controlling methods of communication or its content.. . To put it a 2nd way: setting the scope or defining parameters of spoken/written content.AHHH BULL***T. . thats censorship.To me, it is restricting a person's ability to convey or disseminate a message in the way that they see fit, whatever the message or medium may be.Censorship is the editing, removing, or otherwise changing speech and other forms of human expression. In some cases, it is exercised by governing bodies but it is always and continuously carried out by the mass media. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CensorshipPreventing information from being disseminated.a pain in the @sscen?sor?ship? /?s?ns?r???p/ . –noun. 1.the act or practice of censoring.. 2.the office or power of a censor.. 3.the time during which a censor holds office.. 4.the inhibiting and distorting activity of the Freudian censor.it is the control of speech and other human expressions
The Security Council was created in the1940's after WWII, to keep a sort of check on the other countries and themselves. US, UK, Russia, France and China being permanent members, and some  smaller countries who get to be on the council for a year. India was pretty much being 'liberated' from the British during the time the Security council was established, and they also weren't part of the World War or a major player in the politics of the War or in the creation of the UN. India is currently not made a member because if they did, the UN would also have to add Iran, Pakistan and North Korea, as well as other countries with the same sort of status as India (nuclear armed)the brittish wont allow no coolies in there
Because they will not track him down and behead him......... . I agree though that he isn't that funny and although I did find some of the Ali G stuff "iz it cos I iz blick" mildly amusing I find 'Borat' a bit of a comedown... I cannot understand what they are raving in America over it for.... they must be starved of comedy...... . GrahamHe probably chose kazakhstan because very few americans will have any idea what life is like there. If he'd said he was Israeli then most people would have realised that he was making it all up.As a jew, why would he rip Israel?Evidently, you either love Sacha BC or you hate him. You either think he's hilarious or you entirely don't see the joke.. That doesn't stop the fact that "Borat" is the biggest success in film comedy history (just about) and you will be seeing Sacha BC in just about everything for the next five or ten years.. Israel-kidding would not have been politically correct, but by aiming at Kazakstan, he has somehow hit a nerve with just about every racist in the world.....whether they are laughing at the subject-matter or with his once-removed sending-up of racists themselves remains to be seen.. Like "The Life of Brian" this is a film that people just feel they must see and must laugh at.. His justification is not that he's racist, but that he is laughing up his sleeve at racists. Many people would say that those two things are almost the same.There's always a market for jokes about how funny foreigners are.  The Jewish jokes have been done.  Now we're getting Kazak jokes.Its obvious why America rave over Borat.. . Kazakhstan? Where's that? Sounds like a Muslim country! How funny.. . Obviously he's a Jew and America loves Jews and to hear anything negative about Muslims is like getting their national anthem coming out of his ar*e to them!. . There has to be some limit with comedy. He's not even funny,  and ugly on top of it.. . Look at how the media reacted to Cat Stevens becoming a Muslim- they hated him for it- they deliberately misinterpreted what he said about Salman Rushdie (rest in hell) to get back at him for converting. All the media want to do now is spread anti- Islamic feeling, especially Jews, Hindus and Sikhs.How anyone in their right mind can think this person is even remotely humurous is beyond me. He must be  a very sad creature,  because the topics he takes the micky out of have not been researched very well, it looks like he just wants to upset the whole applecart, in the name of comedy, which he knows absolutely nothing about.Is that so?Really.It amazes me how many people are totally missing the point of Borat. . . Sacha Baron Cohen is not taking the piss out of Kazakstan. What he is doing is taking the piss out of america in a big way. If you see the film and think that it is about kazakstan then you clearly do not understand the whole point of the film and the charater itself. The fact that the americans are lapping it up without realising that it is them the film is about just makes it all the more hilarious for us here in Britain, and anyone else around the world with any intelligence.. . Now go back to watching will and grace or whatever other brain dead comedy you enjoy.
firefighters in general are  heroes and for good reason, they enter a place which THEY ARE AWARE could possibly cause their OWN death to save another human being  from death or suffering . Many of these friefighters are young people with families of their own yet they still make  this sacrifice to total strangers. last week I saw a firefighter standing out side his firehouse and from my car just shouted over to him."thank you"  he looked surprised, because they have no second thought about and they even INTEND putting their lives on the line for total strangers what else would be a hero but that? God Bless them all and thank them all for their selflessness Firefighters the world over are true heroesBecause they paid the ultimate price by trying to save others.They died trying to help people.Were you a hero.  Did you do anything other than gasp and say oh my god...if you did that at all.They gave thier lives trying to help and save others.People that risk (or lose) their lives for another are called heroes. Athletes, musicians, or movie stars, are not heroes just because you admire them.They died saving people. That's heroic don't you think?Because the firemen rescued the people who were trapped in the buildings by sacrificing their own lives. The firemen were the true heroes of the United States.Some of them made calls home before going into the building saying a last goodbye.  I think they all knew they were going into an extremely dangerous situation, risking their lives and doing their job to save others.  . . This is the job they chose and they faced the worst situation with honor and courage.  They are the modern day definition of hero.Because they risked their lives to go into the burning towers to save lives. They put others first and I think they deserve to be called heroes.no the enemythey have never been heros ; many people were damaged ...After they risked ther lives to save others, they were considered heroes. Not long after people forgot about them. As said by one firefighter, they went from heroes to zeros.
Retrograde means moving backwards, to an earlier state. Possibly an inferior state, but not. Prior to NAFTA we didn't have this huge crushing influx of illegals. Maybe we want to go back to not having millions of illegals?. And paranoid? Racist? If the whole world thinks that, name one country that wouldn't have a problem with 5 million Mexicans moving there illegally.. Shoot, Mexico doesn't want illegals either. They close their southern border and ship off the ones they can't support to the USA. And then bitch about us wanting a fence.. Give me a break.because it reminds us of the walls of China and Berlin.  It will only eventually be broken.  if america wants less immigrants, we will stop hiring them.  . by the way, we don't so we won't.only mexico thinks this way, it takes away their foreign exchangeThe whole world may be right.. . Perhaps we should reduce the motivation for people to sneak across the border.  Realize, that 99.99% of the illegals coming across the border are just coming here for a job.  They're ready to work hard, to send money back to their families.  How much of a problem is this really? . . If we expanded our guest worker program, and started to crack down on business that hire illegals (but allowed them to apply to hire guest workers), this could all be done above board... and taxed!  So- it would become a revenue source, rather than drain.. . Silly Americans.  This country was built on immigration!  But the natural bigotism of the small minded takes over.I quit giving a damn what the world thinks of us. Far as I'm concerned, wall up both borders, mine the coast, bring all the troops around the world home, close our bases, keep our dollars here and use them for our own people. Let the rest of the world deal with the Muslim whacko's, call us when it's over.it's not paranoia when so many people are crossing the border illegally.  and they're not all coming here for legal work.not the whole world, I for one think it is a great ideabecause it is worthless waste of money, it wont do any gooda wall or fence has never stopped someone that wanted to cross itI'm a liberal who supports very few of Bush's policies.  The wall however I agree with.  That said, The world disaproves of the wall because it looks like "iron curtain" type of policy and is percieved as racist.  Since many of the same countries who are criticizing the wall have as strict if not strictor immigration policies, I believe these critics are to varying degrees hypocrites.  Try to get into Spain from Morrocco for example.  . . I do agree that the wall will stop few if any illegals, but it sends a message that opinion is turning against totally open borders.  If employers are prosecuted, and the border patrol is beefed up significantly (tripled or quadrupled), the issue of illegal immigration will become moot.Because it is primitive and is not an effective plan of action.  This will merely be "The Great Wall of America", merely cementing the U.S. as an imperial power, AMERICA IS SUPPOSED TO BE ANTI-IMPERIALISM!  The wal will not stop immigrants from coming into the U.S., it will only greaten the chances of the immigrants being killed in the process, the wall will do no good.. . Also, where is the Bush Admnisitration going to find the money to make a functional wall alongisde the American-Mexican Boreder?  The Iraq War has already put us in enough debt, the wall will only further hurt the economy, more than illegals stealing jobs that nobody else wants to do has.. . P.S. The Bush Administration's reputation with the rest of the world before the idea was so horrible, that an idea that they are mildly against that the administration brings up they'll be further against the idea to strengthen their disgust of the administration.Because it's not going to actually solve the problem, and previous wall attempts have only ended in tears.. Frankly, I can think of a lot of betther things to spend my tax money on.the mexicans are comming
They should get together in cooperative effort to supply iran with electricity so they can make industrial progress and feed themselves and make lifestyle better. Nuclear has peaceful applications, tooInteresting question. Perhaps the United States is hated by the Arab world in part because of our middle-eastern policies. That being the reason for Iran to possibly be a threat to us. On the other hand consider Iran a sovereign country, why should we prohibit them from this technology? Isn't the United States the only country to ever use a nuclear weapon on an enemy?LET THEM ENRICH URANIUM UNDER IAEA INSPECTION AND LET IT BE USED FOR CIVIL PURPOSE. IF THEY PUT SANCTIONS UPON THEM DEFINITLY IT BECOME SOMETHING LIKE N.KOREA. IRAN IS NOT IRAQ. DONT THINK OF PRE EMPTIVE STRIKE OR INVASION IT WILL BECOME WW3.I'm not so sure that Iran is that close to producing nuclear weapons. The U.S. is excellent at misleading the rest of the world as to their motivations.. . Iraq wasn't about control of oil -- remember how they let it burn and how long they took to get it back on-line? Iraq (and France) had committed the sin of pricing oil in euros. The practice of pricing oil in U.S. dollars means that the rest of the world has to hold large reserves of them. This is how the U.S. manages to fund its $3.8 TRILLION debt.. . It is also estimated that by controlling the supply of Iraqi oil, the U.S. has been able to slow China's industrial growth and delay the day that China becomes the world's industrial superpower by ~10 years. (It had been estimated that China would outstrip the U.S. in 5 years, not it's up to 15.). . Iran would like to not only price oil in euros, but create an oil exchange in order to do so. The U.S. government and corporations are absolutely terrified as to what that will do to their ability to borrow these incomprehensible sums.. . Thus the U.S. would love to invade Iran. They just want to make sure that we all think it's for another reason.Not a question of Iran. A question of a few minority groups in positions of power and to re-educate the public to free them from religious based indoctrination.. . An effective solution would be to isolate and limit the effects of the empowered minority so that they can govern themselves without dictating how others live. . . A good dose of communism or similar regime for a decade may actually to them good, where religion is banned and the proletariat work for their keeps and actually get what they worked for. . . Strong doubting factors could be introduced to disrupt the way people think of their lives and give them something to live for. Coca Cola, Disneyland and good shops that they can afford as social entertainment would remove the repression and remove some of the ammunition of the few in power.. . The few in power should be made to live life as others do, without their creature comforts. Essentially, remove their vested interest in the community so that the will to rule over something in their favour diminishes as they have less reason to favour themselves.. . Last resort is kidnap the influential and fragmenting society into warring tribes or unified under a communist combine. The alternative is to isolate them completely by convincing the leaders to convince their own people to adopt a totalitarian isolationist policy. Their own regime will eventually cave in on themselves, as did communism world over.At the present time, the subject of nuclear disarmament has become very much a political issue, with demonstrations taking place not only in the United States but also in England and some western European countries. To single out nuclear disarmament falls short of the Bah?’? position and would involve the Faith in the current disputes between nations. It is very clear that Bah?’?s believe disarmament, not only of nuclear weapons but of biological, chemical and all other forms, is essential…  . . For Bah?’u’ll?h … has not only imbued mankind with a new and regenerating Spirit. He has not merely enunciated certain universal principles, or propounded a particular philosophy, however potent, sound and universal these may be. In addition to these He, as well as ‘Abdu’l-Bah? after Him, has, unlike the Dispensations of the past, clearly and specifically laid down a set of Laws, established definite institutions, and provided for the essentials of a Divine Economy. These are destined to be a pattern for future society, a supreme instrument for the establishment of the Most Great Peace, and the one agency for the unification of the world, and the proclamation 274 of the reign of righteousness and justice upon the earth. …  . Unlike the Dispensation of Christ, unlike the Dispensation of Muhammad, unlike all the Dispensations of the past, the apostles of Bah?’u’ll?h in every land, wherever they labor and toil, have before them in clear, in unequivocal and emphatic language, all the laws, the regulations, the principles, the institutions, the guidance, they require for the prosecution and consummation of their task. … Therein lies the distinguishing feature of the Bah?’? Revelation. Therein lies the strength of the unity of the Faith, of the validity of a Revelation that claims not to destroy or belittle previous Revelations, but to connect, unify, and fulfill them. …  . Feeble though our Faith may now appear in the eyes of men, who either denounce it as an offshoot of Islam, or contemptuously ignore it as one more of those obscure sects that abound in the West, this priceless gem of Divine Revelation, now still in its embryonic state, shall evolve within the shell of His law, and shall forge ahead, undivided and unimpaired, till it embraces the whole of mankind. Only those who have already recognized the supreme station of Bah?’u’ll?h, only those whose hearts have been touched by His love, and have become familiar with the potency of His spirit, can adequately appreciate the value of this Divine Economy—His inestimable gift to mankind.—March 21, 1930.  . . To the leaders of the world, blindly edging their way towards the universal conflagration which pride and folly had prepared, the great strides being made by science and technology represented chiefly a means of gaining military advantage over their rivals. The European opponents of the nations concerned, however, were not the poverty-stricken and largely uneducated colonial populations whom they had been able to 31 subject. The false confidence that military hardware thus inspired led inexorably to a race to equip armies and navies with the most advanced of modern weaponry, and to do so on as massive a scale as possible. Machine guns, long-range cannon, "dreadnoughts", submarines, landmines, poison gas and the possibility of equipping airplanes for bombing attacks emerged as features of what one commentator has termed the "technology of death". 18 All of these instruments of annihilation would, as ‘Abdu’l-Bah? had warned, be deployed and refined during the course of the coming conflict. . . He fully appreciates the fact that the believers locally, in different parts of the world, often feel that their political party is in many ways striving to accomplish ideals akin to our Bah?’? aims—but the fact remains that the only way for the Bah?’?s to preserve their international character, their unity and inteI think the main reason for all this fight is not as things look to be. It's not a fight on fuel. It's a fight between a way of living. When the whole east is trying to copy their way of living to the west. The west doesn't feel comfortable to their values on the way to zero. And the worst than that is that the replacing of these values are the opposite of what they dream of. Democracy and freedom against terrorism and rules like rocks. So the only choice that this west has meanwhile, is to paste the war between these two nations to the land of their enemies. Because if they don't do that, it would have been on their own lands, just like 9 11. And if we watch the whole situation, we feel that we are pushing the hole humanity to places they don't to be in... The outcome of this introduction is that the military solution is the best answer for your question. But a lot of innocent people will die because of this...I think they should do what Israel did to Iraq in 1982. Wait patiently until Iran is just about to get a nuke. Then bomb the facility. That way, Tehran will waste another decade and billions of euros, and have nothing to show for it.Well, if we used WMD to remove Iran from the map, they wont be a risk.  Its called preventative measuresHonestly, a pre-emptive strike is the only answer. They don't care about economic sanctions, the sanctions only embolden their populations and makes them hate us more. Political, well, we have already proven Iran cannot be trusted and they will lie to appease the UN and then end up doing what they want anyway. So, you see, a military option is the only answer.the USAshould keep its nose out of other countries businessnuke the place
Alex Ferguson was hatchedBirth of John H. Dalton, US Secretary of the Navy 1993 to 1998. Birth of Sarah Miles, actor in Hope and Glory.. Birth of Alexander Chapman Ferguson, Manager of Manchester United.a bomb dropped on london some whereIt your birthday!. ;-)lots of things happened on that daypeople partied, alcohol flowed, one thing led to another...and a lot of baby boomers were conceived.overcast with a few showersww2 began.New Years Eve 1941True, a lot did happen.  31.12.41 was 24 hrs long. And if you consider what can happen in 30seconds you will appreciate the scope of your question.31/12/1941 Lieutenant General George H. Brett takes command of US forces in Australia..  ur birthday.
Do you realise what the ARAB LEAGUE has done, and continues to do, to create and perpetuate the Palestianian crisis? Things like refusing to accept an Arabic state in 1948 because that required accepting the Jewish one as well. (That state was half of the remaining territory of the Palestinian Mandate -- the other 7/8ths had already become the state of Jordan in 1917.). Things like refusing to agree to Israel's proposal for each country, including Israel, to absorb a proportion of the refugees.. Or refusing to allow Palestinian Arabs to immigrate into their countries, despite otherwise relaxing immigration laws, lest 'their identity be diminished.'. . The Palestinian Arabs are being used as pawns by the Arab League in order to put Israel into an unwinnable and untenable situation. They were offered their own country in 1948 and denied it by their brethren in the Arab League.. . But why should we blame them for what they've done? It's so much easier to blame the Jews for everything, isn't it?In Afghanistan, we kicked out the original government. Now we rule the place. Get over it.Because Israel controls the USA through the jewish congress. The U.N is useless when it comes to standing up to America. So there's your answer.Because the Palestinians are killed with weapons that US is sending to Israel.US sends billions of dollars to the Israeli government.(we can only imagine how those money are spend).As for the UN,the UN is just a political tool for US...US vetoes whatever doesn't like.So Israel has nothing to worry about.If UN wants to condemn Israel for something,US is going to "protect" it by vetoing the condemnation.... The Talibans have become terrorists the moment they turned away from US.Before they were (for US) legitimate resistance fighters ,fighting against the occupation of the Soviet Union and they were fully supported by US...Remember: the same people who founded the "State" of Israel are the same people who founded the US Banking system, the Military-Industrial Complex AND the UN!!!!! You don't bite the hand that feeds you, that's why.you must understand that when they kill,its good.  when others kill, its bad.  fair huh?its the sensationalist western media thats the only reason why anyone would even think of maybe believing these "truths" being pumped into our brains
I dk thats a good question.... you get violated for saying something like how are ya or what is the weather like or something stupid like that but if you are talking about porn or swaring you dont get viloated......... It makes no sense!!it depends on what words u use cuz i tried to ADD A JOKE AND it blocked out a really dumb word.I wonder the same thing.  I lost 12 points today for an answer that said thanks for the 2 points.  How is the offensive?  Can anyone find the violation in there compared to ppl who use bad words or are deragatory toward races?people just find their way 2 the highway 2 hell
I last read that she was either killed or committed suicideWell... there are different answers to this question... but BBC is probably the most reliable source in which it states that Zahra has denied all the suicidal attempts... but based on what shahrvand newspaper states, she had an unsuccessful suicide attempt... I really hope that the court takes a consideration and not execute her...shes in a coma in a detention center, her mom says they're gonna hang her probably.
Treason is an overt act. This sounds more like plain stupidity. . Just an another example of the staggering incompetence of the Bush administration.Just curious...did you notice the little piece within those documents on the website that prove Saddam was actively working to rebuild his WMD, including nuclears? Somehow, the liberal media is conveniently overlooking that part of the documents.Are you talking about Saddam's' nuclear secrets that he never had ?. Or are you referring to Clinton's double-agent in Operation Merlin ,  who gave secrets to the Iranians on how to build a nuclear bomb ?bill clinton, no, hilary, no. john kerry..........sorry, don't knowNothing of importance was put out..nothing that you can't find on the web.. has been there for years.. even in your public library  This was so far blown out of reality it is surprising to see the reaction.. they got what they wanted tho.. emotional responses without having full knowledge of what they are upset about.. . By the way, did you notice who put out the information to the public... BBC.. NY Times.. all very leftist propaganda machines.. To prove that point, this information was on the web since March. Why would it come out to the public  just before the election?????????????????????????? Think about it!!I don't knowWhat secrets? I learned that much in college physics back in the 1980's. It isn't all that big a deal. The tough part isn't the basic knoledge, it's the mechanics of correctly building it and getting the materials.
It's not..the "Lame duck" congress is the people who were just elected to congress, but have not yet assumed thier positions.they wont get anything doneLame duck session is when the United States Congress (or only one chamber thereof) meets following the November general elections (and before the inauguration of the next Congress) to consider various items of business. . . Some lawmakers who return for this session will not be in the next Congress. Hence, they are informally called "lame duck" elected officials participating in a "lame duck session".. . Such officials may do things they would not otherwise do if they were planning to face the voters.Because many members will not be returning in 2007.  A 'lame duck' is serving in his last session and does not need to worry about getting re-elected.The term, "lame duck" comes from the idea that a lame duck is unable to move or accomplish anything at all.  In America, it refers to  an elected official or legislative body whose term of office is nearing an end, especially a legislator still in office after losing a bid for re-election..  It is also sometimes used to describe office-holders who have lost an election but have not yet left office.. “Lame ducks” are elected officials serving after the time when someone else has been selected to take their place and before the new person is actually sworn into office.  During the interim period, a Lame Duck is usually far less effective, and frequently ineffective.
Let's keep sending more of our jobs offshore to a third world country where corporations can pay them a lot less money. I don't support this trend. Most credit card companies have done this and when a person calls to inquire something about their card, someone from India answers the phone.. . Buy USA, keep jobs in the USA, support our country, not some other country, let them take care of themselves.no.  outsourcing is wrong because there are ppl here in this country that need jobs.  and since we are the ones buying the product we should get the benefit of having the jobs in THIS country
It's real easy !!  Plug in the name of the newspaper in google and go to the archive.  No fee.go to the archieve building and they will give it to you for free no cost at all..  In Alberta that I know of anyway...
Not so easy to answer. Read "Whose Freedom?" by George LakoffFreedom is a many-faceted, positive term encompassing the ability to act consciously, in a well-balanced manner and with self control in a given constructive direction. It is often gauged by the degree of absence of external restraint or external control; however, the biggest restraints come from the self: ignorance, which leads to fear, then restraint; and (also rooted in ignorance) the lack of self control.. . In the context of internal control, freedom is also known as self-determination, or autonomy. From a spiritual perspective, freedom may also be called inner peace; the presence of inner control, and an inner experience of choice, spontaneity and fulfillment.The chance to be able to make your own choices in life without having to comply with someone else to say when and when you cannot do certain things you want to do.Knowing I can get in my 1971 volkswagon, load my labrador, a few clothes, plenty to drink, and drive from Phonix to Las Vegas . on 18.50 and still have gas in my ten gallon tank! . Ahhhh...freedom, nothing like it in the whole world!Lots of things, way too many to list but mostly in my our eyes, doing what you want, when you desire& with or without whoever you like. Any time spent in a jail cell will make one realize how very precious our freedom is. Our jail in phx. az. is run by a [man?] whose disreguard  for the most basic human rights is non-exsistant at best. He is guilty of more corruption than any 10 men in any jail in our U.S.A. Sherrif Joe, our media Ho! In my opinon a most vile man whose day with our creator will be ---interesting to say the least , a modern day hitler , arpiao, the ass_ _ _ _ of all asses!freedom is  to do anything under the supervision of laws.to ask any question you want on yahooThe ability to do what you want, when you want, how you want.ask any american
Neither do I, and I am an American.  He lied to us too.It's NOT about helping anyone. It's all about money and power. If Iraq was'nt sitting on the 2nd largest oil field in the world, "we" would'nt be there.I think it is because Saddam Hussein tried to assasinate his father.  He linked Iraq with the "Axis of Evil" powers in a speech.  He also put countries in a postion by saying "Eiither you are for us, or against us."  That left no middle ground, and no ability to compromise his stand.  After that, he had to act on what he said.. . Since  the United States economy was traditionally based on war and preparation for war, he did not know any other way to change the economy but to regress to what we had back in the 1960s.  He wanted to please the rich people who funded him to be different than Clinton. . . Bush, his cabinet and his party, are interested in power and money for the Conservatives that funded him.  The UN while in the USA is not controlled completely by the USA.  Many countries disagree with President Bush's actions.. . Many countries wished to help after the US had World Trade Center bombing, Penagon Bombing, the plane that was heading for the White House crash, and Hurriciane Katrina.  Bush would not accept Cuba's help because of the political implications - forming an alleigance with a country that once tried to Bomb us.    (in the early 1960s.). . In the UN, many who work there are interested in staying in the USA as long as possible.  They are not interested in what is the least expensive for their country, what will help most in the long run.  They are interested in keeping their jobs, lifestyle as they are accustommed to.  The UN may have a stated aim to stop wars, but it does not alway do that.  Sometimes, it is what is the best for the dipolmats.  (This is in general, I realize there are people who really do take the jobs at the UN serously.). . However, in terms of stopping terrorism this has worked to a certain extent.  Bush's policies stopped the USA from being hit by a major terrorist attack since the terrorist thought we were weak.  However, the cost is great.  I wish he had found a way to stop the attacks without the violence and lost of lives.   Also, he violated the Bill of Rights, Ammendments, and other laws, like previous Presidents did during time of War, to do it. . . I agree with you that it is causing more people to die, but not in the United States.   People abroad are dying. . . There is more poverty but the U. S. Government has never been concerned with getting rid of poverty no matter what it has said.  The people in power believe in the outdated theory "That man can pull himself up by his own bootstrap."  This theory missed that fact one man may be able to rise above poverty but not the whole neighborhood.   (This never included women, minorities, or the disabled.) . . There needs to be jobs in the entire world for people to be out of poverty.  The whole world must be able to accept that not everyone who can not work, does not want to.  There are not enough jobs for the disabled because most empolyers expect everyone to be able to perform on a very high level.  Many people can not.  . . Whether it is lack of education, lack equal food distribution, lack of political power, or lack of funds, not everyone has the same chance to rise above poverty.  Add a war to this, then you find that the chances lessen, even when work work is available to some.. . At 14 year old, it is hard to understand the world, and all its contractions.  As you study more history, you will see more and more differences between what people said publicly and what went on behind the scenes.  . . Ask your teacher about Churchhill and Roosevelt when World War II started.  (before the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor.). To this generation of Americans, the World Trade Center bombing was our  "Pearl Harbor".   It made it hard to stay "non-violent" when the country was attacked.  (I refuse to take responsibilities for President Bushes actions.). . Eventually, it may become clearer to you what is going on.  . I hope this War does not touch you personally - but we never knowThe war was to REMOVE a dictator and to destabilize a muslim dictatorship. It is designed to show other Islamo-fascist dictators, that they cannot do as they please and THREATEN western economies, culture, and civilization.. . This was necessary after 9-11.....too many Islamic leaders were emboldened to embark on a crusade to destroy the west. The war that removed Hussein from power told them to cool it.. . There is no war with Iraq.....the Iraqi people are in control, work very close with Americans, who are there simply to destroy the  terrorists that cause all the suicide bombings and killings (even killing other muslims).becuase he is a bad president the only reason why he got elected is becuase of the war and besides this war will kill the hole country of iraq so he got mad i guess.So zionist  israel and the neo cons running america can control the world.Oil and power is once again the goal and why young amercans have to die.we are over there because of 9/11/01, to help build a better life for innocent iraqis, more oil, to capture saddam, to get osama bin laden, to get al quaeda.My guess is that Bush Sr. and Bush Jr. had heated discussions about how Iraq should have been handled at the time of dessert storm and now that Bush Jr. is president he can "show his father how it's done".  I personally think that is why he ran for president in the first place.  I believe that he was itching for an excuse to get in there and that he did know about 9/11 and thought "perfect - from there it is an easy course right into Iraq".. . And I can tell you that the super powers of this world have been keeping the middle east in a constant state of violence against one another (by providing the arms and the guerilla training that we are currently fighting), so that they could have the lion's share of the resources there.  They don't care that they are creating poverty - in fact they are doing it on purpose, because the poor don't use "their" oil to drive or heat their houses.. . Peace!
The eye of the beholder is the only thing that makes a difference.. "Insurgents" is a term used for people fighting their own legitimate gouvernment, in the case of Iraq a very questionable term.. "Resistance fighters" can use terror as a method, as the IRA in Northern Ireland will tell you, but it is only a term to be used if you agree with the goals of the respective group.. So the Palestinians are freedom /resistance fighters in the eyes of nearly everybody in the Arab world, terrorists in the eyes of the West. . My own view is that if the occupying army has not the slightest regard for your human rights you are entitled to fight them with every means you have got.. Israel is a terrorist state, killing people on suspicion, regardless of innocent bystanders; and the really sad thing is that the US could curb them if they wanted to, but they won't.The only difference is the political leanings of the newscaster reporting the story. Resistance fighter fight evil, Terrorists kill all for no logical reason, insurgents try to overthrow governments by killing innocents. You cannot justify the thugs in the middle east by trying to compare them to those who fought against Hitler invading their countries. Those in the middle east are sick twisted religious followers of Islam. Islam is not the evil, the fanatical followers are the problem. Hope this helps you understand.The number...In real sense there used to be only 'Resistant / Freedom Fighters' b4 the fall of USSR. After that the  sole super power, is attacking, invading any place in world she wants. No there are no 'Resistant / Freedom Fighters', as the only power has re-defined the term to be as 'terrorist' and 'insurgents'. And it depends on ,'where there is less resistance', they are 'terrorist', while there are tough resistance, there are 'insurgents'.. Like Wise in 'Afghanistan' they are 'Taliban ~ terrorist' and in 'Iraq there are insurgents'.. As far as Palestinians are concerned, surely they are all 'TERRORIST (including kids, girls, boys, women and men)', as they are trying to stand before the 'innocent' Israeli army.A resistance fighter , would be a person who fighting for their freedom against an oppressing force . Terrorists are those who try to oppress others through the use of fear . Insurgents are just terrorists by another name .
if you want peace prepare for war.. . that answers everythingwhen governments or comunities do not find a reasonable solution to their problem war seems to them as the only answer.. The only ones been affected are civils and the poor soldiers. countries use it to exert power over other nations.It is the law of nature,look at bacteria,they even colonise another bacteria colony,look at monkeys,the fight another group of monkeys for teritory and mating right,look at homo sapiens,yes ,human,from pre historic till today and as long as earth exist,human will be at war,human egoistic nature,superiority complex,fighting for resources , for supremacy,females,yes,females,men do fight for women,ask your history prof.. In modern history,the cunning leaders always deceived fine young men to fight to their death by drumming patrioticsm.all these young men willingly follow orders to kill because they believed and had faith for their leaders.For independence, superior race,to get even,They also fall for their leader's charm and personality,yes,personality.Napoleon Bornaparte,Hitler,Seokarno,Moa Tze Dong,Bush had personality,their soldiers all motivated for their leaders cause,willingly to die without flinching.in today scenarios,if a country has nuke,no other country dare to touch them.look at russia ,china,india ,pakistan,and recently N.Korea and Iran.Their enemy ,America the big bully dare not touch them.....and try to disarm them before they become a threat by drumming "terrorism"When two or more oppossing nations can-not reach or. resolve dissagreements or treaties amonst themselves in. a diplomatic form. All resonable forms of negoation have been. exhausted, someone ussally makes some type of remark. like meet me out front. Then a fight ensue's and revenge . must be taken with greater force & weapons.Everybody wanting to control, take from one another and make the final decision on every governing issue...they butt heads and when no conclusion can be reached = war. . Affects:  everything...population, lives, families,as long as we need oil, we fight to insure a steady supplyJust look how many people in USA have shares of companies that they make War Planes and War Equipments! In past there was slavery to grew wealth and if millions Blacks Slaves were killed, no one cares; in new American System dictated to the World; Everybody is slave of SYSTEM! . . However, the majority people of the World they hate WAR and they HATE any kind of UNIFORM, those days that UNIFORM had prestige is well over.. . "MAJOR" Keyvan Nourhaghighi. Iranian Fighter Pilot    . . TORTURE IN CANADA. http://www.geocities.com/doworkout/section11.htmlEven there is just & unjust war, war is distractible, loses of human unreternable life; mental and physical damageness; psychological defectveness,Sadness, make people aloness, and so on
I dont know BUT!!. If you have a problem, and you can find them, maybe you can hire them and they will tell youwasnt the last programme the only episode where someone (think it was that policeman bloke) got shot?they are still fugitives at large, but maybe you could find them.. . Bush probably counts them as his axis of evil and they are in deep cover.as i understand it, the last thing that happend to the A team was that they got released on DVD.  never mind hiring them, if you liked them so much go buy em for around £30 a series.I watched a documentary about them a couple of months ago, apart from George[rip] the rest are still making a living doing various things, they are a bit old now, so no chance of a re make.They got caught by the army, collared a (token black) radio DJ in to help them escape and then got drafted into the CIA for the final series.. . This didn't go well with the fans and the show got cancelled after the ratings plummeted.
Does this mean that some of our information about Iraq could be boggus....HuH !!!! Imagine that,    somebody LIED.........A paid Republican blogger recently said the the AP was an authoritative source. . . Reporters do leave the Green Zone rather frequently. Haven't over 300 been killed? If you hear an anxious tone in a TV correspondant's voice, pay attention to the report, and you will see that they are obviously in a dangerous area.AP and Reuters are propaganda machines for the enemy. I refuse to believe ANYTHING they report.  If it were up to me, they would be closed down and the reporters and editors who are trying to sell us their garbage would be hanged for treason.. . I'm completely serious.That a fictitious person may or may not be the source of AP stories is a red herring.. . The fact remains that Iraq is a quagmire and on the brink of civil war. Colin Powell stated that Iraq can be considered to be in a state of civil war. Is Colin Powell a fictitious character too?. . That a source may use a fictitious name shouldn't surprise you. In case you haven't heard, there are death squads floating in and around Baghdad.Sounds like something was found and someone else is expected to do something about it. that's all i can make of it.Lies are not hard to get,all you have to do is make one up,if it sounds good, it works.
The rest of the world are cowards that why.. They don't care about civilians  -It's just part of co-lateral damage!. . Shame on them!Israel have been murdering people for years, and they do it with America stuck up their ar*ses, and the cry is always the same, 'We lost 6 million in WW2'. It's about time the rest of the world told them to get over themselves.. . Perhaps the latest swing against Republicans in US Government might see a few less Zionists in US politics.I would like to thank Mister for the name of the site.  It seems to be putting facts before propoganda.  What happened in the holocaust was terrible and I never doubt that it happened but it was sixty years ago and I do think the Jews should come to terms with that and stop trying to lay a guilt trip on the rest of us to disguise the fact that they stole the land from the Palistineans with US connivance.in the fiist place  Perhaps the Palestinians, after the demise of the Ottoman Empire, were not making the best of the land but that did not give the Jews the right to take over and then, having done so, blame the Arabs for the fact that Israel will not compromise in anything.  But keep speaking the truth.  They will have tp listen eventually..Because the world is unfair. Coz they are arabs. Coz nobody has significant trade with them. coz they dont consume western goods, hotdogs, watch holywood bockbusters. Dont speak english, french or spanish. Want to push Israel into the sea (hence causing the return of Jews a.k.a. "Israelis" back to Europe and America where they originally originated from.. . Its so pathetic nobody speaks of the extreme racial segregation that Israel practices on black people living on its soil. . . The so called holocaust is nothing but a propaganda tool these days. More people died in the DRC war less than 5 years ago than gassed jews yet they still wont talk about that! Besides, in comparison to all that we see, death by poisonous gas was so humane some countries actually use it for the death penalty.. . Holocust my thumbThe Palestinians also kill Israeli children. It is as ever six of one and a half dozen of the other. It is time that both sides stopped passing on all this hate to the next generation.Because they are friends with "Dubbya" and he's the big boy in the playground!http://www.ifamericansknew.org/. . Quite possibly the best source of information ever assembled in one place.There is a large movement against the current Israeli modus operandi against the Palestinians.  However, it seems as though you are rather ill-informed about the current conflict and world views which support and condemn Israel and the Palestinian territories.  Contrary to popular belief:  Palestine is not an independently-recognized country, as it does not have full sovereignty, nor does it control itself.  The Palestinian Authority is only permitted to have its own police.  It is not permitted to, nor does it posses its own military.  It is controlled and regulated by Israel.Because the Israelis are fighting against terrorists. If the Israelis were to lay down arms tomorrow, some Palestinians would continue to attack Israel. If all Palestinians were to lay down arms, Israel would stop attacking in an instance. That is the fundamental difference as far as the international community is concerned. If you are attacked, as a country, for no real better reason than just being you, as Israel has, then you are allowed to retaliate - if they didn't, their Arab neighbours would quickly invade Israel. And remember, the majority of what was old Palestine is till in Arab hands - Israel comprises only a tiny amount of the old state. The neighbouring Arab countries, upon being formed, refused to take in their Muslim cousins from "Israeli" Palestine.Israels reign of terror will end one day and then they will be accounted for every drop of blood the have spilt.The inhumane atrocities show Israelis for the sick satanic nation they are.There is no outcry because the media is controlled by the zionists in the Whitehouse (and elsewhere) and they don't like to report it!Presumably for the same reason that Palestinians are "allowed" to continue murdering Israeli children by blowing up school buses and the like.. . Sorry but my sympathy for the Palestinians died with 9/11 and 7/7.  It seems the Muslims are just always looking for something to complain and be violent about.  They won't be happy until they own the world.why are these jew bashers still allowed on yahoo?ARE YOU SO IGNORANT THAT YOU CAN'T MAKE A POINT.  WITHOUT BEING . . OFFENSIVE......... PREDJUDICE....... IGNORANT..... ANTAGONISTIC...Why do people in Gaza duct tape dynomite to their bodies then board Israeli buses and blow themselves up ? The Arabs CONSTANTLY torement the jews, then the Jews strike back, and the Arabs complain "We were just about to start negotiating PEACE", the world is getting very weary of this SAME story ! Negotiate "PEACE", or get another story !the militants hides among  the children.You are dilusional.  Have you been smoking or snorting something illegal?Because they have the bomb!!!! They also know no one will stick up for the poverty stricken people of the world certainly not that bunch of over paid Idiots in the UN. As long as Israel doesn't heart some middle class upper class family's garden plants the  UN will take as long as they like to do something. In the conflict in the Lebanon it was notable that the rich areas of the country didn't get one American made munition dropped on them.they are bastards for doing so. . . . . . . . . . . Sadly the media don't care if a Muslim gets killed abroad only if they are british.. . . look up utilitarianism, the end does not justify the means.The map of Israel and Palestine says it all:-. . http://zionismexplained.org/map/landmap1.jpgBecause Israel has the full support of US no matter what...Even if the UN is trying to do something US is going to veto any sanction against them...And even if someone would say anything about what the IDF has done in those six days,they would be called antisemitic...We are constantly reminded of the Holocaust because they think this is going to justify somehow what they are doing in the Palestinians territories...although I really don't know how this can be a justification to the murders Israel is committing against the Palestinians.... Just look at what happened this morning in Beit Hanoun...when the IDF has attacked civilians homes and killed 18 women and children...I really wonder if someone is going to be punished for this...although I doubt it...
Microsoft Word have templates. See if there is template that look like newspaper layout.you should have a very big printer and microsoft word. its very simple !!!
This wall is supposed to prevent inflirtrators from the West Bank from going to Israel to commit terrorist acts.The barrier is a very controversial project. Supporters claim the barrier is a necessary tool protecting Israeli civilians from Palestinian attacks. Opponents claim the barrier is an illegal attempt to annex Palestinian land under the guise of security;  violates international law;  has the intent or effect to pre-empt final status negotiations; and severely restricts Palestinians who live nearby, particularly their ability to travel freely within the West Bank and to access work in Israel, thereby undermining their economy.It is NOT a wall.  It is a barrier that is intended to prevent Islamic suicide bombers from entering Israel and killing innocent civilians.  It has been quite successful.. . It makes life a bit difficult for the Falsatinians, but it has saved hundreds of Israeli lives.
I agree with the above answer.The oil company's are getting ready to fu*k us some more,  Thanksgiving holidays are the most vehicular traveled holiday of the yearit's just supply and demand, the prices fluctuate every day..... and the government does not control gas prices, it's just simple economics.  The prices will keep declining when oil companies start the offshore drilling that Bush made legal a few weeks ago.well that is how our government is run babyBecause the election is over and politicians don't have to impress anyone anymore.because Bush wants to retain what he loosing in IraqThe fun has just begun!The election is over, gas has risen 20 cents a gallon since last tuesday... how else can it be explained?
Oh, I am a very nice man and I think that you are nice, too, I wish you a healthy and prosp... Wait a second, what is that?! My God, it's a grammar mistake: "how DO violence start?"! And no capitalization at the beginning of a sentence! Ah, you ****** *** ** * *****, come here and I'll show you! Where are you going? Come here, this baseball bat is perfect for your head! . . You see, this is how violence starts.Most often with bad grammerViolence is a disease, or, disharmony.  It can spread, especially to others who lack spiritual strength and rational character.  It begins in fear and confusion and lack of personal resources.  The personal resources that most prevent the disease of violence is tolerance, compassion and intelligence.FastIT  STARTS  FROM  NO  WHERE  ITS  JUST  THAT  SOME PEOPLE  LIKES  TO  BE  CONTROLLING  SO  THEY  ATTEMPT  TO  BE  VIOLENT  ITS  NOT  SOMETHING  YOU  START  ITS  SOMETHING  YOU  HAVE  AND  SOME  PEOPLE  LIKES  TO  SHOW  IT  VERY  OFTEN  AND  FOR  SOME  PEOPLE  YOU  DON'T  KNOW  ITS  EVEN  THERE  EVERYBODY  HAS  A  VIOLENT  SIDE  BUT  THE  BEST  ONE  WHO  CAN  CONTROLL  ITBad grammer starts alot of violence. . how do violence start?
i seriously doubt the draft will be back anytime soon. i personally do not know anything about rush, i do not enjoy listening to his show. there are PLENTY of politicians who avoided the draft.His I.Q. score was below the chartHe was a copilot for George Bush.Some nonsense about a pimple on his butt. Ok, it was a "cyst." The same type of cyst thousands of others had treated so they could serve in his place.IT SEEMS THAT MOST OF THE WEALTHY IMNCLUDING MANY DEMS AS REPUBS HAVE MANAGE TO DODGE THE DRAFTS. BUT WITH THE DEMS IN CONTROL OF SENATE AND CONGRESS MANY WILL NO LONGER HAVE TO FEAR THE DRAFT, ONLY THE TERRORISTS.
Susan Smith...... the children couldn't defend themselves at all. Someone like that is and always will be mentally disturbed. Any crime against children makes me sick.The killings of Susan Smith.. How could a mother kill her own children?...there is always help.Killings of Susan Smith; how can a mother intentionally kill her children and watch it all happen right in front of her...... Here, in OR a few years ago, we had a mother who intentionally stabbed her children to death.  She did it because a voice told her to.  These type of women have no business bringing a child into the world and most of the time they see nothing wrong with what they did.The killings of Susan Smith.  She took total innocents and murdered them for a MAN.Susan Smith. Killing your own babies because she felt they were getting in the way of her being with a guy and crying crocodile tears on National TV begging for the return of her babies, knowing that she had already murdered them. That's as cold blooded as you can get.the first one suddens me..its so sad the way he was killed for his beliefs.. I don't know who Susan Smith is. but i am sure its sad story.. Jeffrey Dahmer angers me the most.  he was a psycho who had no remorse for what he did and what he did w/ the bodies afterwards disgusts me.  thank goodness he was killed in jail.Susan Smith. It breaks my heart when I hear stories like that. I will never understand how anyone could kill another human being, let alone their own children. Just plain awful.Murder inside or outside the womb...it's all bad.the killings of Susan Smith drowning your own children is just too awful to think about
Oh I think there are some dirty dealings going on behind the scenes!. Pres. Bush did not look too healthy as he gave his speech today!. You could tell he was angry about something!I don't know what happened but I hope it helps our country.The Democrats won majority in the congress and may win the Senate.  Rumsfeld resigned.  Bush accepted the resignation to appease the congresspersons who have been asking for Rumsfeld's replacement.
what is Total Points?set up a dozen accounts, ask questions, answer them and then vote your questions as best answer, its a failproof ifsilly way to get a 100% perfect recordanswer LOTS of ques, set urself the task 2 jump by 300+ pts a week. answer ONLY if u know the answer. give good answers 2 win 10 pts. research ur answersstop asking questions and start answering and logging in daily and also voting ...............by total points are u referring to points for the best answer? all u need to do is answer the question as thoroughly as u can along with mentioning the source of your answer so that it can be authenticated.keep on answering ques without asking anyWhat is TOTAL POINTS? I want some too...Keep answering questions is the best way. Try not to ask alot because you lose 5 points each timeIf at all any one knows don't you feel that person would have been the board leader. I feel Richard is also having 51% to his credit who is the board leader. So keep answering and keep your figure crossed Best wishes and luck
It is very common.Is that your lovers name, Emma?Yes. I love that name too. Julia Child.I agree, she knows how to cook too.Very great. It's simple and beautiful.It's not the best but it's a great name.julia is the coolest name ever, julia is great if your a happy fun and creative girl.yes, i think julia is a pretty name, very fun and free-spirited.I could not stand Julia Childs! Yuck!!! But I do have a friend with the name of Julia. 99.99999% of the time...she had the biggest smile on her face.i think its a great name for a blue eyed,blonde haired,beautiful baby but, not for like " grandma julia " i mean how does that sound!It's good but angel is betterWould you like it more if written in the italian way?. We say GIULIA and it's pronounced the same way. :)Names always remind me of someone I might know with that name.  I love the name Julia.  My son's birthmother's name is Julia.  Yes, we love that name because we love her!I agree with you , Julia is a very pretty name.
Ireland.British....then new yorki like British on the femaleTexan on males, Vietnamese on women.Oh, Scottish, by far, on a man.  On a woman, Japanese.scottish, or irishBritish
iwant to find articles about psychology and psychoanalysis,and about manic depression.Local Library's carry newspaper articles on there computer systems and I think 1989 would be on the system and not on microfiche. If it's not a national story, you may have to search local papers, many of which can be accessed from on line.If it is a local newspaper then your local library should have it in microfiche or they might have digitised it. Hope that helps.Libraries archive old newspapers.  Start there.  If your library does not have what you need, they can often borrow from another library.Try going to a local library, preferably a BIG one, and see if they still use something called microfiche. My library had this back in the 80's and had any newspaper article imaginable. I don't know what they keep that stuff on now, maybe a DVD or CD, but ask them I guarantee you you will find what you are looking for.
The Editor edits for errors and the Publisher prints the paper.The editor is responsible for the editorial department.. . The publisher has ultimate responsibility, overseeing the editorial, advertising and circulation departments.
Have self confidence and it will make you less nervous.  Go to the interview well prepared.  Know everything about the company.JUST TAKE A DEEP BREATH!!! . CHANT SOMETHING NICE & RELAXING. N REMEMBER LAKHS OF PEOPLE GO THRU A INTERVIEW....N SO CAN YOU TOO....Remember they are all just people.  Remind yourself that you are qualified for the job (that's why you're in the chair).. . Take your time answering the questions (just be sure to offer some acknowledgment that you heard the what was said).. . Remember, most of the people you have or will work with in your life are not a perfect fit for the position.  The potential employer is listing a wish-list.. . Feel free to say something negative about yourself!  Just put a positive spin on it by telling everyone how you learned or grew from the experience.. . Don't sell your self short.  Tell them what you would like to do for them.  Even if it dose not involve the position you are currently applying for it will help make your interviews feel like you plan on sticking around.. . Another trick I use is I speak like I am already on and apart of the team.  That helps because then the interview just becomes a team meeting about me (a topic I'm well prepared to discuss).. . I don't suggest using the "picture everyone in their underwear", you wouldn't want to start laughing like a loon.. . Hope this helps.. . OH and DON'T FORGET TO PRACTICE!Know your subject matter.. . Get dress well nothing flashy just solid business like artier. They should feel good, must fit well, look good, you have to be comfortable, this is a must.. . Be prepare to answer the questions.. . You do not need to know what they will ask.. . Keep paper pad and pen handy.. . Use rest room before the start of the interview.. . Be attentive, but if you miss some thing ask for it politely so they can explain.. . Whatever is in your control control it, do not worry about what you cannot control, face it with a smile.. . Here is a good book on the subject. May be in the library, find it read it. May be in the book store, or on Net and E-bay, Amazon.com. buy it. . . "What is the colour of you Parasuite".Be well prepared.. Don't anticipate much about the outcome.Think you have opportunities galore even if you don't succeed.. In short be optimistic.Easy. Just relax, & be yourself. The main thing to remember is when answering to not focus on the negative. That is for example telling yourself continuously "Don't be nervous".. Your brain will not remember the "do not" words, & the word "nervous" will then be the focus. Wich will result in you acting out what your greatest fear was.. Tip "rather say to yourself something like "I will be confident".go to the room practic their uh  find out abot them they may be losser anyway or they may be on the way out the door  try it why get worked up if they are jerks
See if the companies offer internships and what the requirements are.  Call the research departments and see if they are hiring.  I would imagine that having a degree in journalism, english, info tech, or business would help you immeasurably.. . They may ask that you have experience and for that you may have to start out as a peon at a much smaller organization or newspaper.Take the course in journalism.
if killing innocent civilians in the name of religion, is regarded as a noble cause, i have to condemn those Islamic fascists who were trained in Pakistan and bombed Indian parliament with an aim to destabilise Indian democracy. but i don't know why good social workers likearundhati Roy and medha patkar requesting for the clemency. Pakistan govt did not show any mercy on our Indians who were still languishing in Pakistani jails without trial. down with pseudo secularists and abed pseudo secularists who make hue and cry . why the so called leftists maintain stoic silence whenever the question comes to Islamic fascists . communists once fought against religiousgoondaas called razakaars in telangana now got cold feet to criticise islamic terrorists.After seeing the support he is getting by the Communists, some political parties and some so called NGOs, I think he erred in not completing his task and for that only he must be punished by hanging till death...an attack on Indian parliament is an attack on Indian democracy. he  did it not with a noble idea to make the parliament clean and kill corrupted politicians. he did with an idea to destroy Indian democracy and he did it with the tacit support of Pakistan's isi which is sponsoring state terrorism to India to destabilise it. but the more crime is done by some Indian politicians like farooq, gulam nabi azad, publicly shamelessly praying for Clemence. the indian government encounters leftist extremists without any trial though they belong to their country, but in case religious terrorists it gets cold feet and afraid of taking stern action. even uttara kumar, advani, who boasted that he would follow hot pursuit policies, miserably failed and his govt shamelessly surrendered to the pressures of terrorists and jaswant singh himself accompanied.indian politicians bother about power and they lack patriotism and miserably fail in protecting its boundaries.He didn't do that, RAW did it to blame MuslimsI just don't know. Should he?If Afzal's plan was to finish corrupt Parliamentarians then the cause was really Nobel . But if it was for the religion then he deserves the punishment he got.To remove 'filth' and 'dirt', I don't think this is the best way to go about the situation. We have to vote for the right govt (unfortunately, it is not possible).Rang de Basanti was not released, when. the attack took place.. . If he had seen the film, if it was released. then, then he would have been successful. to clean the dirt.. . The dirty parliamentarians and the criminally. implicated ministers cannot be througn out. of the parliamrnnt.Hey Raunak,We are honouring him in a very noble way,by NOT HANGING !You know,the President has also given MAPHI !So,dont worry boss!The Indian democracy is one of the most greatest things in the world and represents freedom from 200+ yrs of colonialism. it is a symbol of those who died around the world to fend off imperialism.. The Parliament is the seat of indian democracy. by attacking it, Afzal has insulted the millions who shed their lives for independence, in india and the world. HE DESERVES TO BE HANGED. and u have a crooked mindDear Raunak we want save our Parliament not to save our Leaders bcos how they are currupt u cant imagine.u hav diffrent methods to solve problems u dont cut ur nose bcoz u hav cold like tht if u hav corruption u dont get rid of it by killing people, if they die some1 else will come to their place 2mrw, thts not right, thts why he is being hangedhaha, u must be having a lot of sympathy  with afjal
I have to agree with Bob.  The sudden drop in gas prices was a ploy by the Bush administration to gain undecided voter confidence.  "Look, we've lowered gas prices!  We're doing something right!"  It was an EASY prediction that gas prices would rise steeply again right after the election (no matter what the outcome).  It's for the same reason that the Sadam verdict just "happened" to come out just before the election.  That's desperation talking on the part of the GOP.election is past and now is time to raise prices for coming holiday travelBecause the election is over and it didn't work so it is back to making big profits for friends as there is only 2 more years of gauranteed record profits. No collusion though, riiiight
The public library normally keep up to date birth and death records.  I don't know how in depth they are though, but good luckDue to the increased occurrence of identity theft, new laws were passed to protect death records from misuse. (H&S 103526) . California law permits certain individuals to receive authorized certified copies of death certificates. . The law describes authorized individuals as.  A child, grandparent, grandchild, sibling, spouse, or domestic partner of the registrant.You can go to the Town Hall where they will have his death certificate. Depending on what you already know, go to the police station in the town that it happened and fill out a report request form. Most records are able to be made public and anyone can request a report. Even if they can't give you all the information that you need, they will be able to tell you where else to try.The library may have something on microfilm- or the newspaper might-look for the year- also the court may have  a record of the trial- which may not be open to the public- on the death certificate is the cause or causes of death- check it out- sorry  to hear it- take care-DHere is part of a story from the Sacramento Bee.  To get the full story you will need to pay $2.95.  good luck!.. http://nl.newsbank.com/nl-search/we/Archives?p_product=SB&p_theme=sb&p_action=search&p_maxdocs=200&s_dispstring=(vinson%20turner)%20AND%20date(1993)&p_field_date-0=YMD_date&p_params_date-0=date:B,E&p_text_date-0=1993&p_field_advanced-0=&p_text_advanced-0=("vinson%20turner")&p_perpage=10&p_sort=YMD_date:D&xcal_useweights=no
Intellectual laziness.  One year in our school system and you'd realize the full extent of why.Because it requires in depth thinking and the eventual realisation that what a person wants to do won't turn out the way the person wants it.. . Rather than acknowlege that the cause is wrong, the person goes ahead with it anyways and hopes to put the blame for the effect on another.Uh, I've never done (or condoned) any of those things.. . You aren't talking about "Americans in general" you're talking about our government. Not the same thing.. . It would be like asking why Brits in general like being America's lap dog. They don't, Blair does.. . I agree with you that our government has long done the wrong things, all over the world.. . You list doesn't begin to do justice to all the cr*p my government has pulled.. . BTW, more Americans opposed invading Iraq right before invasion (even though most believed all the lies they were being told).. . Our educational system confuses, rather than teaches. Thus, most Americans don't pay much attention and are largely unaware of things done by the government.. . But there are many of us who ARE aware, and disapprove. But as the government doesn't work for us, and the media follow what the government says, there isn't much we can do about it.
even a minor sttack (say, with guns) on a N-reactor can cause havoc as the core would melt and explode, issuing tons of radioactive waste. this makes it diifficult to stop tresspassers (can't shoot!) as well as it makes it easy for miscreants to cause havocThey make a bigger boom.More vunerable than what?  A coal fired plant?Unlike the attacks on other installations where the damage is confined to the time of attack,the nuclear installations may play havoc for the longer time to follow due to the hazardous gamma radiations which may cause both pathological and genetical damage. In addition to the casuality of the operating personnel,the general public in the adjoining areas may be worst affected.
Are you insane?!  Firefighters were the heroes of 9/11, at least that's what I think you mean by 911.  Many gave their lives to rescue as many people as possible from the burning towers.  They desrve to be honored on 9/11 and everyday for the valuable service they provide and the risks they take to make sure others are safe.because alot of firefighters risked their life and alot were killed and injured on 911! they risked their lives for others!Because of the hard work and effort that they and others put forth in the rescue and recovery effort. They and others put their life on the line to try and save as many people as possible during those rough times. As others may not do it daily, firefighters along with other authorities in law enforcement put their life on the line daily. I feel like we owe them alot more than what they are given. Much respect to those who do pay tribute, as I sure as hell do.While many people watched this horrific sight, And everyone inside the towers were trying to get out, firefighters were running to go in.. enough said ?Anyone who gives their own lives for the purpose of trying to save others deserves tribute.  You should be thankful there are such people out there protecting you and I.You should not tribute firefighters on 9/11, we should tribute every american who died on that day.  I should know, I am one of the FDNY firemen who reponded on that day the the WTC.  I would like for every american to reflect on that day, to remember what happened that day.  How people (firefighter, cop, or office worker) worked bravely together to help one another.
there is a sense of apathy in the air, ppl wont do anything until they know they can make a difference. . large groups need to link up with a central purpose, then small ppl can make a big effectWhy isnt the war on global warming seen as an urgent Neccesity? its because right now people are fighting a Meaningless and Pointless battle in the Middle East due to Iraq and Al Qaeda terroristsIt's because it would hurt the economy.  But experts say that the economy will be hurting much much more if we don't do something now.because it doesnt seem like it is affecting us now. but it is. Think of all the natural disasters.Global warming is not a fact. Terrorism is real.the administration is convinced, that nuclear war will do us in before global warming ever canI think global warming is a natural cycle for this world, but that none of us were here to communicate that to our stage in the cycle.  There is also a theory that every so many thousands of years the polarity of this world switches North to South, but the trouble with theory is that we will never know which was true or false.because people think "oh global warming isnt going to affect me! ill be long gone before it really hits" and they dont realize that each yr the earth temp rises by 5 degrees...thats y this summer here in s. cali....i swear i thought i was going to DIE from the heat!!! also many people who are religous believe the revolations is going to come in thier life time and find no need to help the earth. or people dont have enough interest in researching the science in global warming so they cannot see that all our pollution is killing everything slowly.what global warming, I'm freezing
nothing in life is that simpleI think that it was the SJC that did it.  I do belive that it is going to go to the voters.I'm sure that if you ask a legal scholar, he will probably give an answer referring to the need of having the judicial branch establish norms of civil rights.  Then again, Americans, believing their country is a democracy, feel that all sorts of topics (drugs, civil rights, immigration policy, etc.) should be up for a popular vote.. . Seeing as to how the US, at least on paper, is a representative democracy, it would make perfect sense to have those that are elected to represent their constituency allow said constituency to vote on referendums concerning just about anything, should that be a demand.  Should voters not want to vote, they should expect the legislative branch to represent their interests.. . Americans' only problem is that 1) the country is by no means a democracy, seeing as to how most people's interests are NOT represented by those elected; and 2) Americans have a long way to go in the area of civil rights.  I say this because blacks are still second-class citizens (except they are now considered human beings), women are still oppressed, however slightly, for choosing a path independent of Biblical norms, immigrants are still cheap labor at best and non-human at worst, and gays and lesbians (never mind those that are transgender) are, if not evil, sick.. . It's a quandary, no doubt, but what to do when in a country so worried about religious platitudes, where more than three-quarters of the population believes in God and more than a quarter is certain of the Apocalypse?  If (whatever version of) the Bible is to be the main guide to establishing who has the right to what, I suspect a theocratic society wouldn't be too far-fetched.
move out of the countryAnd you don't think we're headed this way?  Give it another two years and it will be reality.. . Until then I'm keeping my options open.Anything like that would be scary, but it could happen. That's why it's important to destroy terrorists now. I guess I would try to do the best I could for my family and myself. Maybe even join the military, if I could.I would go about my normal life as much as possible.  What the heck else would I do?With some of the crazy ultra leftists betraying the country at every turn I would welcome it.
If they are someone like that they usually have an assistant pick up the stuff or have it delivered.  It is not worth the hassle, unless they want an ego boost that day.At the level of the two you named, they have others do their shopping or have grocieries delivered. Used to see a lot of the others at Gelson's and Ralph's on Ventura Blvd. at 3:00 in the morning.
That is the reality of the situation, a lot of times they don't even have running water or food, or anything.  Why would they "sugar coat" a serious situation for people who can't handle it?That is reality. People in developing countries are lacking clean water, sanitation and food. They are living in poverty with literally nothing.. . Sorry if you find it offensive or distasteful but I don't see why charities should pretend that things are better than they really are.. . If you feel so strongly about it, perhaps you should donate some money or sponsor a child so you know that there is at least one person who is fed and showered.Cause then no one would feel sad and think they need money.
hey you feel better now matey dont you ,,yes, i got picked up buy some police they called me a terrorist cause i had a bag ova my head..and its a bit like that sometimesterrorist to the brittish, freedom fighters in londonderryare you drunk mate?. i'm not saying that all irishmen are drunk.......but man.. IRA blow people up for no reason. how about this. you worship your man in the sky. and let the brits worship their man in the sky. and shut up.You've obviously never lived in Britain where many bombs killed a lot of people before the ceasefire - you were not safe anywhere and constantly in fear of relatives being killed in major city centre bombing campagnes.  Do you research first before you start making comments like that.
They are under the delusion that it is a Liberal media outlet even though it is owned by one of the top defense contractors, General Electric.Because allegedly it doesn't have "fair coverage" (equal amounts of speaking time for both liberals and conservatives).  And of course, to them, Fox News is a much better alternative, because it gives more of a conservative point of view.Because they're too busy worshipping at the altar of Fox News.Many people have a hard time separating straight news reporting and editorial commentary. CNN, for instance, clearly makes the separation and is relatively straightforward in its reportage, which ticks off conservatives because it doesn't show the side they'd prefer — namely one that helps cover-up the administration's wrong doing and promotes its agenda. When it presents commentary, it is clearly labeled as such. Fox News, on the other hand, muddies the difference by blatantly mixing news with editorial as a way to pursue a rabidly conservative agenda.because they are educated well enough to not have to ask inane questions like yours and CNN"sMy guess would be because CNN puts an incredibly liberal spin on what it shows and how it presents them.  . . Why bother listening to something lacks journalistic integrity for your source of news?CNN is very liberal.
Well i have come to the conclusion that they all bomb eachother its like a game of cards to them Lmao Bum sukkka Bumsukkka Bum sukaaaNO, beCauSe TeRRoRisTs aRe The baD guYs, anD theRe aRe no BAD guYs for the baD guYs, thEy caN juSt easiLy joiN the TerroRistS, oR thE oriGinaL baD guYs!. . buT i guaRanTee yoU thEre aRe poLice, armies, maRines, the GoverNmeNt for The tErroRisTs. TheY aRe CONSIDERED tHe gOOd guYs.
It ALWAYS goes down right before elections.  And it ALWAYS goes back up around the holidays.they send it up because they know people want to drive around at Christmas and they love to get tourists when they are vulnerable. another reason is there isn't enough of it to go around. every hurricane we get we loose a hell of a lot of oils that make gas so it always sky rockets, but sometimes the government needs more fundings so they raise prices on things such as gas.The elections are over, the politicians got what they wanted ( some of them) so now it's back to screwing the little guy and looking out for big oil's interest again. As long as politicians keep oil companys profits high, they get kick backs, campaign contributions, and other perks,of course the blind refuse to see this.The republicans are pissed.  They are really gonna stick it to us now!Yes, as the GOP plan to stay in power backfiredcoz liquid has stopped, but solids gone downits raining menshells profits are saggingIt's the holidays.  Surely you noticed it did the same thing last year?Bush's friends in Saudi Arabia kept production up through the election, but now are cutting it.  Supply and Demand.. . But- according to the futures markets- it's not expected to skyrocket.. . It's time we start increasing the gas tax.  At 18.5 cents a gallon, it's the lowest in the world, and hasn't increased in over 20 years (so on a percentage basis, it's actually fallen).  By increasing the cost of gas (slowly, over time), it will encourage conservation- so less of our $$ are going to the middle east, reduce our impact on global warming, and increase our tax revenue in order to pay back some of the 8.5Trillion dollar debt that we've built up.. . I understand that everyone wants cheap gas... but this has gotta' change.  It's not a good thing for our country.Because fools like us are buying it.The election is over. The oil companies also know that all of their buddies in Congress can't give them handouts and tax cuts like they have the last six years.
Nostradamus the astrologer and clairvoint person who about 500 years ago said the law of nature should not be spoilt, instead love and devotion should be made to propel, else the devastation would begin from a muslim country, by a muslim leader (Saddam Hussain).. . Maybe  his prediction is doing the rounds.Our involvement in their age old strife is presently a . "Police Action" which is an unwinable situation. If. we pull out, and Iran takes over the country of Iraq,. then Iraq will most likely become just another religious . state under the control of the Mullas in Iran. I do not . think there will be any "joining up" as you put it. I . think Iran will take over Iraq and dominate it.. . That domination will effectively crush all asperations . held by Iraqi citizens for a Democratic and Free . country with civil liberties and human rights equal to. those in certain other countries.. . From the standpoint of the success of a Free and Stable Iraq, that will never happen until financial corruption . within Iraq is eliminated. Do not look for that in. this century. The Re-Bathing of the country's infrastructure will just about destroy it.its a reaction to al qaeda. conspiracy theorists never cease to amaze me.no that would be if they join together with IsraelNo.  The Old Testament "prophesies" were not about the distant future, but about the day and time in which the prophets lived.
Have you checked out their web site?  Its there.  I found out about this on fox news last night.Because  Kerry is a politician and its right before an election. Haggart is not a politician.They are certainly the most biased group on TV, and I don't understand why their obvious support of candidates doesn't violate the federal election laws regarding equal time.Fox finally did yesterday when the story became too big to ignore. But you know why they ignored it as long as they did---because it's not what Fox's audience of inbred wife-beating knuckledraggers wants to hear.I just checked CNN.com and they aren't carrying it either....so what's your point?
Simple. Israel is the biggest terror state in the mid-east. They do whatever they want with no fear of consequences because 1. they have nuclear weapons. 2. Their biggest Allie is the worst terror state in the world, the USA. The Bible and the Quran tell it like it is: Jew's are the synagogue of Satan.becouse they know that they can kill as many childern and women and nobody will condem them nor to punish them, arabe dont have somdody like chavez or castro who can  rise the peolpe voice and act without fear. im realy sick about isreal and  bush theyekill and always get away withit.So many times Israel got away with murder because US has vetoed every single sanctions against it...So it is because of the support of US and the silence of UN...This is their idea of justice.... While Israel's crimes are called "self defense",the Palestinians fighting for liberty will be called "terrorists"...because they don't have the full support of the most powerful country in the world:USA... . Of course.if Israel can't blame this one on Hamas(although I am sure they will find some reason to,'cos they always do),it will be called just a "mistake"...No one will ever accuse Israel of deliberately killing civilians.even if they do...I'm sorry, you're wrong. It's not Israel's style. Isreal only acts in defense.I do not live in Beit Hanoun, so I can only go by reading as many news reports as I can----just like you.. . Based on that information, Israel was attacking what it believed were rocket launching sites. Sites which were deliberately placed in or near residential areas so that it would be hard for the Israelis to attack without hurting innocent civilians.. . BTW Have they killed scores of women and children? A score is 20 and although this sound callous, I think the death toll for men, women and children is about 60. My point? In a city of 30,000 or so which the Israelis have the capability to bomb to pieces, it is not a huge number. In this perspective, it looks like they tried to target sites to AVOID civilian casualties.. . As for "were there terrorists there"? So far the soldiers have uncovered everything from rocket launchers to grenades, anti-tank missile launchers and assault rifles. So there were terrorists hiding among the civilians of the city!. . Why do the Israelis kill innocent people instead of only killing terrorists? Because the guilty murderers hide BEHIND the innocent people. Because terrorist groups set up shop in towns full of good people who just want to live their lives in peace. Because terrorists count on being surrounded by good people to keep Israel from fighting back.. . It is a horrible, horrible thing and I want to cry just thinking about the families destroyed and homeless. But I blame the terrorists who brought the war into the neighborhoods of Beit Hanoun.. . Using innocent men, women and children as a human shield against resprisals is disgusting and cowardly.It is not yet sure it was an Israeli shell. It was probably a bomb that someone was preparing in the house for Israeli soldiers that went off too early. Just like with that family on the beach that was killed from palestinian mine but everybody was eager to blame Israel.
Well news is so negative because this world IS so negative! thats it.They do that to inform and get ratings, they see loads of positive things could get boring, and not much good is happening.Coz unfortionatly That's what realy going on in the world....!!!!!
Yeah. I'm afraid Blair's the best of a bad lot but what gets me is the fact that the smackies, crackies and alkies sign off as incapacitated (self-inflicted), get £30 a fortnight more than genuine job-seekers, sponge off people in the street, get nicked but as they don't have to sign on, they get all their money going into their bank account so they've got enough for a major hit when they come out and they're not even sterilised so they populate the country with more scrounging little bastards. Sueing for cold turkey really puts the cherry on the cake though doesn't it. Cold turkey? They'd have a whole f*cking cold ostrich if I had my way.the problem is the  human rights law, it places criminals rights above their victims.. . the worst things about the 'justice' system (what a joke) is that they get let out early for 'good behaviour'. Why are all prison sentences automatically halved? you know if someone has committed murder they get sentenced to 12 years and they only ever serve 6.Put quite simply...Because Blair is an idiot!!! . . We all know that there are plenty of things that need the money more...besides...it's not like going 'cold turkey' is going to kill them. They are in prison because they have done something  wrong. I say let 'em suffer!I can't believe it either.. . surely it's against their 'human rights' to be allowed to take something that will kill them.. . anyway, surely you loose your human rights when you become a criminal and go to prison. . if they made prison a grotty s**thole like it used to be it may deter people from committing crime in the first place.. . (god you've got me started now!!)Oh mi god totally agree - i have just been reading that and "they" (the f*****g druggies) are claiming that its an infringement on their "human rights" well all i can say is .....this country is screwed big time! - i didnt realise taking drugs and sponging of the government and being a complete and utter WASTER is now part of ur human right to do so! well what about all of us that are paying for that right! - thats it then i think us giving them money is an infringment on my human rights so ill stop paying my taxes etc because i feel that way! . oh no thats not gonna happen tho really is it. It is an absolute disgrace i cannot believe what i have read on the news this morning and i am SOOOO mad about it!The whole justice system is up the spout. Too many wet and wooly people getting involved and making punishment useless. Most of the criminals know how long they will be in, if at all and use the prison system as a way to hone their skills. We should have a punishment system that does mete out justice. These people aren't getting sent down for nothing. They broke rules and should be treated like the stinking scum they are. Boo hoo hoo - I've got a drug problem......Yeah, yeah. You made the choice to do it in the first place. Bring back the real old punishments.I hear you man!!!  Same crap in the states.Human rights is ok...don't torture prisoners, feed them, keep them warm, treat them when ill.. . But these people are criminals and should be treated as such. Why do do-gooders believe that prison should be a free for all, with drugs on tap? Maybe addicts would not be so fast to break the law if they knew that once inside they would be given no drugs at all, with cold turkey the only option. . . Sue the system for withdrawing drugs too quickly? They're having a laugh - at our expense!Because he wants to.  It seems to me that crime really DOES pay !!!  I'm losing sight of the reasons why you're supposed to be better off when you're a decent law-abiding citizen.Whichever junkie came up with this claim is sure intelligent enough to understand the compensation culture, therefore he/she is intelligent enough to make the neccesary steps to better his/her life and should understand that giving up drugs cold turkey is a very important step towards that. As for the other junkies in prison, I think the government should supply them endless quantities of these drugs because 1. if all of them are spaced out then it's great as crowd management in prisons, 2. hopefully they overdose and die, 3. wouldn't have to pay out compensations as such (because I think that given all the do-gooders of today, they'll probably get it).I think that this is appalling, what a waste of money, what do druggies expect?? their suppliers to go and give them a fix in prison, don't they understand that drugs are illegal and now they are getting paid because they couldn't have them, ridiculous!! another example of our nanny state.Dan:. . Get real. It's their fault for taking drugs in the first place. They are learning that life isen't easy or fair. . Now you assume they had awful lives. Most of them are probably common thugs. They are being cocky taking advantage of the law. . . Blair and his government are utter cowardly bastards. They embarrass themselves. Disgusting lifeforms.Because its not his.....I  was just as horrified as you were when I switched my TV on this morning.  I'm all for Human Rights but it is getting abused - and I always said that its people like the crack heads that will abuse it.  And why shouldn't they if they can?  It's down to our legal system to sort this out and not let druggies get away with this.  What kind of message does it send out to oour kids?  And its not alright to use tax payers money to pay for theire dirty habbit - at the end of the day, the compensation will be spent on drugs.  The government want this swept under the carpet as soon as possible, which is why and out of court settlement will be decided - afterall, it would be embaressing for them to possibly go to Strasbourg for a law that they incorporated into the English Legal System.  . . Let them sweat, it won't kill them , is what I say.This is one of those "you couldn't make it up" stories.  The government goes from bad to worse as exemplified by this particular story.He does it because he can and as its not his own money that he is using.You think that's bad?. . In Canada, murderers and child molesters get free satellite TV, high-speed Internet, gourmet meals, gym time, medical treatment, and even pornography.. . And they call it prison.The whole labour government should go. The number of scandals they are involved in is too large to count. . . David Cameron is the man of the future. Go Tories, Go !!If you dont like it, you know what to do at the next election.What has this got to do with Tony Blair. Get a fucking life!alright mate,what exactly do you mean.is the money for rehab?Because dug addicts in Prison need the money to provide proper medication and councelling to help them get their lives together in the real world.. . You do not understand the awful lives these people have, they have been through things that you can't relate to and they are thrown onto the scrapheap of society and the only way to rehabilitate them is to fund prisons.. . Fine so you guys don't want prisoners to be rehabilitated.. . You want them to carry on leading terrible lives and carry on reoffending when they leave prison.. . Just be grateful you wern't abused as a child.. . Zack - i am real.
he is a miniture dictator.Because Bob Kearns is a control freak.  I have been familiar with the Loma Linda community fr quite a few years here in Pagosa and they have a history of wanting to control actions of the property owners for the "Good of the Community".  If you think Loma Linda is bad, you need to come across town to the Pagosa Lakes Property Owners Association, they will fine you if you paint your house or even your front door a color that has not been approved by the association.I would say that they need to reorganize their home owners association.hmmm people with "good ideas" are getting a bit rife!!. . in the uk there was a spat of people being told by the local councils that they could not hang the union jack flag on thier houses.. . round em up i say.......
How do they censor books in TV shows? Can you give an example of this?cannot understand question
They are in it for money..Why should they hold it for you if somebody else wants it. A lot places don't consider it yours until it's paid for. SorryUntil you've actually authorized them to charge your credit card, there is no sale.  Requiring vendors to reserve inventory as soon as people put it in their carts would not only be massively complicated, but would also enable customers to indefinitely reserve inventory by simply keeping it in their carts.  For numerous reasons, this is not practicable.  . . As a point of fact, this isn't much different than it is in brick and mortar stores.  Though it would be an absolutely terrible business practice, merchants are technically allowed to not sell you anything they like.  By bringing an item to a checkout counter, you are making an offer to buy which the merchant may or may not accept.  It would be crazy, but the merchant is legally permitted to decide he doesn't want to sell that item anymore.  No one does this, as customer service is generally something businesses like, but if you look, pretty much every store and restaurant as a sign up somewhere saying that they reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason.  And they can.when ever you put something in the cart you must remember to save it!!! And this will work only if you have set up an account with themthey probably did, and besides you will probably get a better deal on the same tv at bestbuy.comAnother one of those mysteries in lifethatswalmart for you, you should have shopped at searsThat's what you get for shopping at WalMart - my advice: avoid them like the plague!I say sue them...and good luck.
girl proctologistby association.. . proxy is short for approximate, which means near, but not exact.same as absentee...representing somone else.
A gay repbulican organization.  Kind of being like a black in the KKK, I thnk, seeing how anti gay the GOP is.The Log Cabin Republicans is a federated political organization in the United States with state chapters and a national office in Washington, DC. The group consists of gays, lesbians, bisexuals and heterosexuals who support their rights, and who are also supporters of the Republican Party.From their website:. . "The mere existence of our organization recognizes the fact that the Republican Party still has a long way to go on issues affecting gay and lesbian civil rights. In recent years, the GOP has made important strides toward inclusion, however much more must be done. Too many people in the party remain hostile to gay and lesbian civil rights. Log Cabin will confront the radical right's bigotry head-on as we join the majority of Republicans who believe inclusion wins."They represent the gay and lesbian contingent of the Republican party
I've noticed that too. That's why I don't read the news on Yahoo. I watch a real news outlet. FOX.First Yahoo is not a government run entity (at least not entirely) and if Red necked, racist, self-indulgent, self-proclaimed GOP stooges like yourself insist upon spittin... Let me just say that whatever pointless, delusional. episode   you happened to be experiencing in the   "far right" hemisphere  experience of your brain  when your alleged question  was allegedly pulled from the site for some sort of ethical infractions..   I do believe you will find like most non-governmental  businesses  around the world the proprietor has the right(s) to refuse  service to anyone  for whatever reasons they the owner(s) of said business  deem necessary.. And you obviously crossed this paritciular  proprietors imaginary line in cyberspace. Call it censorship, unfair what every you like. The bottom line... Get over it and start your own website, then you can say anything you like. . I believe in your case the execs at yahoo won't mind loosing your business. Acceptable Losses category.. stop hatin.. start participatin...And I am just guessing here but you would prefer 24hrs of Rush Limbaugh or Ann Coulter. And what kind of right wing psychosis is this thing called Newsbusters.The Myth of the Liberal Media . . The Propaganda Model of News . . . Video Preview: . . . http://www.mediaed.org/videos/CommercialismPoliticsAndMedia/TheMythof... . . . http://tinyurl.com/y4ks5m . . . The Myth of Liberal Media Bias . . . "Bias" isn't supported-- because it's not true . January 20, 2002 . . . "Here's a reality check for Bernard Goldberg: The mainstream media are . no more liberal than the conglomerates that own them or the advertisers . that pay their bills." . http://www.fair.org/articles/bias-op-ed.html . . . Examining the "Liberal Media" Claim . June 1998 . . . "The conservative critique of the news media rests on two general . propositions: (1) journalists' views are to the left of the public, and . (2) journalists frame news content in a way that accentuates these left . perspectives. . . . Previous research has revealed persuasive evidence against the latter . claim, but the validity of the former claim has often been taken for . granted." . . . ". . .journalists are actually more conservative than the general . public." . http://www.fair.org/reports/journalist-survey.html . . . Maybe The Public -- Not The Press -- Has A Leftist Bias . July 5, 1998 . . . "For years, conservatives have painted a picture of the Washington . press corps as a group of liberal crusaders bent on bashing . corporations, bloating government and socializing health care. . . . "This caricature is utterly deflated by a new survey of journalists." . http://www.fair.org/articles/liberal-media.html . . . Move Along ... No Bias To See Here . April 9, 2002 . . . "The primary mission of the Media Research Center is to compile (mostly . anecdotal and out of context) examples of alleged liberal media bias. . . A secondary mission is to deflect charges that Fox News Channel has a . conservative bias." . http://conwebwatch.tripod.com/stories/2002/mrcfoxbias.html . . . Bill Press: The myth of the liberal media rides again . February 21, 2002 . . . "The truth is, the media may have been dominated by liberals long ago, . back in the days of Spiro Agnew. . . It is no longer. . . Conservatives own . today's media. . . They just never admit it." . http://www.cnn.com/2002/ALLPOLITICS/02/21/column.billpress/index.html . . . News media 'Bias' not as liberal as the book alleges . February 16, 2002 . . . "In reality, the media contain all kinds of biases -- liberal included. . But one could make a much stronger case that over the past decade the . media have been the very opposite of what Goldberg claims." . . . http://www.chron.com/cs/CDA/story.hts/editorial/1257423 . . . Liberal Bias in Media is a Myth . February 4, 2002 . . . "While there is plenty that is wrong with media coverage in this . country, charges of media bias are misleading oversimplifications." . http://www.buzzflash.com/contributors/2002/02/020402_Liberal_Bias_A_M... . . . The Press vs. Al Gore: How lazy reporting, pack journalism and GOP spin . cost him the election . Dec. 6-13, 2001 . . . "It's naive to think Gore's chronically caustic coverage didn't cause . him to lose votes during a historically close election. . . .  Looking back, Gore's handlers accept responsibility for mistakes they . made during the campaign. . . . When will journalists do the same?" . . . http://www.rollingstone.com/news/newsarticle.asp?nid=14976&cf2=1 . . . The Myth of the Liberal Media . . . Let's do a "what if" so I can make a point. . . I think it's a good one.. http://www.bartcop.com/libmedia.htm
No way, he was the fall out boy for this election. Someone had to die for loosing the house and the senate. . . I used to be such a Bush supporter, but now I'm starting to realize that this man doesn't seem to care/listen to the average citizen. . . As they say, the abused always kick downwards and that's exactly what happened here.the american trust abandoned him I believeI suspect that he was asked to resign by Bush.Bush is throwing him to the wolves to appease the democrats who think everything would be better without Rumsfield around. The change is merely symbolic, people at the top are just figureheads who mouth the words their speechwriters hand them. But it was hilarious when he itched his nose the other day.Duhhh, he wasn't elected to his office, he was appointed. He was forced out by Georgie.
You should read about Ghandi.  After the British left India (or were forced out)  it was decided that India would be for the Hindus, Pakistan for the Muslims.. . I think at that time, although they were separate countries, there was more goodwill and consensus between the two countries than there is today.I don't know much, but I know that pakistanies are musslims and indians are hinduistic. That's why the pakistanies started a war to be independent. I have heard or read that the war was promoted by the United Kingdom in order to weaken the military power of this people and dominate easily there.its a long story. but mainly bcause the "indian national congress" had won the elections in 1937 whereas the "muslim league" lost the elections very badly. the indian national congress (INA) mainly constituted of the hindus and the muslim league constituted mainly of the muslims...... now the muslims thought dat in this elections they had faired badly so they would never have ne scope in future to rule the country as in they would never get equal reputation as that of the hindus and dat they would never get elected in the parliament so they demanded for a separate state constituting the states in which muslims were in majority.... this was under the leader ship of mahhamed ali jinnah wh later became the prime minister of pakistan. lot of people opposed this act but as the britishers who were rulng india at dat tym they supported the muslims so there was the partition of the whole countrywell it had more to do with communal tensions.. . the british followed the policy of divide and rule and had been able to separate the muslims and the hindus.. the war of independence was probably the last time they could successfully unite against the british but that too couldnt last long as they bribed many rulers to support them eventually (the gandhi-jinnah talks in 1944 were a failure and so were the round table conferences and lucknow pact). . now if u think that things could be patched up.. it was too late by then..muslims wanted a country of their own by seperating themselves from the hindu majority of secular india.Pakistan was created,on 14 Aug 1947,to give the Muslims of Indian origin their own state.before that is was from the British commonwealth.
via della rosa. . You will have to google it - not sure exactly what it meansFrom the Mel Gibson Film "The Passion of The Christ".. A brutalized, wounded Jesus was soon to fall again under the weight of the cross.. His mother had made her way along the Via Della Rosa. As she ran to him, she flashed back to a memory of Jesus as a child, falling in the dirt road outside of their home. Just as she reached to protect him from the fall, she was now reaching to touch his wounded adult face. Jesus looked at her with intensely probing and passionately loving eyes (and at all of us through the screen) and said "Behold I make all things new." These are words taken from the last Book of the New Testament, the Book of Revelations.via dola rosa is the long street in jerusalem where jesus had to carry his crossIt is spelled "VIA DOLOROSA" and literally means "painful way/road", or "road of pain", so called because it is said to be the road Jesus took while carrying the cross to Golgotha.. It had a different name in Roman times, of course.
no bull sh*t , no one sided reporting, fair reporting... even stuff or people he hates personally he still lets them talkHe claims to analyze all subjects in an unbiased manner with no "spin" shading the answer one way or the other.He means he doesn't twist events/news in order to fit his opinion, but he doesn't seem to reallize he still is right wing commentator. He likes to attack pretty extreme left from time to time and may be portraying those extreme far left is what mainstream liberalism look like.It means he won't BS you.. He won't turn facts around to please you or for ratings.. He tells it like it is, & expects it from others.. I like him.. I don't always agree with him.NO B.S., I like O'Reilly, I don't always agree with him but, I like him, he's a "Thick Mick" just like me !O'Reilly claims that "NO SpinZone" is the truth. . O'Reilly exploits people and the facts. If you don't agree with him he will try to bully you into thinking that his pov is the correct point.  He is full of bull crap! I don't buy a thing he says about anything.No spin, just lies. Lots and lots of lies. Plus distortions.
Because they think it is OK to kill jews. And are angry because the jews dare to defend themselves. I call it "having unrealistic expectations". OTOH, maybe they hope Pelosi will force the israelis to move- to madagascar?it helps to look back at the past. in the 40s after ww2 the jews had no place to go but isreal . there is  a good movie thats been playing on turner classic movies and american movie channel portraying the facts of what happened. is a good movie for historical value yul brenner and john wayne are in it. maybe you can get an idea of why the things that are happening there are happening. if you look at it from the arabs perspective , the jews are the terrorists but if you look at it from the jews perspective they were givin that land by GodTHEY HAVE NOTHING BETTER TO DOBecause they have the exact same thinking pattern as the Jews that fire on them.. . It's the vicious circle of violence that's been going on in the Middle East since before the beginning of recorded human history.. . However, I think you're being a bit biassed here.  To say that Israel only attacks specific points to knock out arms or whatever, and Arabs are the opposite, just shows that you aren't paying attention, or just want to be provocative for no good reason.Why does israel fire fully automatic weapons at kids throwing rocks and fire missiles at the wrong targets most of the time?It is unbearably sad to see so much killing, on both sides.  It is so important that the leadership of both countries pull out all stops to bring about peace.  That said, we get graphic, close-up pictures of Palestinian people grieving their losses on television, but not of the Israelis in their suffering.  The press treats the two groups differently.  I have no idea why.  If the US is purported to be so pro-Israel, why does the press not show them as much sympathy?. Back to your question, I think that taking offense is exactly what they are doing.  Offense against offense, continually.  It has to stop.  Each side has to take responsibility for stopping their own offensive.They gripe because the missles are more expensive than stones.they don't see themselves in a war but a legitimate resistance. and you know if the arabs had settled this before 1967 peacefully mind you, israel would not had to secure the borders as they are now. they do not have the ability to reason and settle the problem without death and mayhem. i think they should move all palestinians up north next to lebanon and then settle border dispute with rational people. as i have said 1 billion times. disarm hamas-peace grows, disarm israel-death and destruction ensues.yes i agree with you but you want see this reported much in the news . i think there bias against Israel when it come to reporting who is really keeping the violent up over in the middle east. it's not the Israelisit is all what has been prophecized. two nations that will hate each other... and those two nations are the jews and the arabs...
dunno, it sounds shite to mean ak-47One does not smell to good !!!!. . Sorry !!!!!I don't know they're all shi*ite to me!!They are the same.. But one is following the Piped Piper's tune of "My way" in planet of apes.. The other is following Judas one of the dirty dozen in planet of apes.. So no one is following our creator on planet earth.They are a sub-group.  Like Christian and Catholic Christian.Like many religions, Islam has casts or different origins. There are many, some examples;. - Sunni's. - Wahabi's. - Shi'ites etc. . I think the word Shi'ite is a word to describe the Shiya community within the religion of Islam, 'Shi'ites' is the correct term for more then one shiya apposed to 'Shiya's'.sh'ites desire a decendant of calithat to be the leader of muslim religion. Suni think it should be parlamentary. Basically it is a slight difference in the belief that the religion should be run, very similar to the factioning of Christianity.
Well i love it becuse:. there was a big bitc* fight at our school down at star-bucks and the police got in volved and it was a big drama and no one new what had happened so someone tapped it on there phone and put it on YOUTUBE and we could all understand what went on, and thats where the police could see whast really happened so yer its greatBecause you can watch any form of media there!well you can wath any kind of shows or videos but you cant download themI think it has helped overall cuz it is easier to find a clip of... WATEVR. And its not like the filmers lose any money or publicity cuz there is a little crappier, home recorded video on youtube.
Its a spiritual battle over there. The Muslims  Arabs are trying to extinguish the Christian blacks. Its a horrible situation that has resulted in over a million deaths so far. It inflames me how such as this can be happening in 2006.they dont ilke interference from outsidersBecause they felt like it?
YES... mankind has different sets of agenda for personal gains and it's always how to subjugate and dominate one another (completely).. . Sectarian violence is one way to achieve the objective. Sectarian violence past and present (in Christian and Islamic world) are 'religious violence' - oxymoron is not wrong.. . I'm a gloomy optimist.Sectarian violence refers to the warring between the two main tribes in Iraq, Sunni's and shiites. It is similar to the American civil war.  Same people, same religion just slightly different political beliefs.
Good question.  I was wondering the same thing a few days ago myself.  Perhaps when he goes to trial his name and face will once again be all over the news.Jeffs, 50, remains in the Purgatory Jail on charges of rape as an accomplice, a first-degree felony. He is accused of forcing a teenage girl into a child-bride marriage with an older man. Jeffs is scheduled to appear in court on those charges on Nov. 21 for a preliminary hearing.he's in jail.
The creepy lawyer dude offed him so that he can get ahold of Anna Nicole's money by claiming to be the baby's father.  There's a conspiracy there somewhere.  I just haven't worked out the details yet.  . . They only found traces of methadone in the kid's system, but no evidence of heroin or any other drugs.  The lawyer picked the son up from the airport.  I think that the lawyer somehow slipped the son a mickey and poisoned him.yeah he did and they found a whole bunch of drugs in him.  I heard on the radio today that her son was taking anti-depressants because of a "girl" and I also heard that she put a photo of her and him in his coffin.  How sad, she was sobbing on the radioAccording to a sworn declaration by Laurie Payne, a woman who was with Anna Nicole Smith during her pregnancy, Anna confessed in phone calls and instant messages that Larry Birkhead is the father of her baby girl and that she also miscarried another unborn baby with him prior to Dannielynn.. . Additionally, Payne says Anna Nicole was taking methadone and "a rather high dose of Xanax" during her pregnancy. . . Her son Daniel is believed to have died from a lethal combination of methadone and other prescription anti-depressants.. . In an email to Payne, Anna Nicole says she had sex three times with two people during the time of conception, and that one of the two people According to Payne, " was G. Ben Thompson (the guy kicking her out of the house that she uses in the Bahamas) and Larry Birkhead"- and then Nicole found out about G. Ben Thompsons wealth - Anna told G.Ben he was the father of her child. But turns out that's impossible because G. Ben Thompson had had a vasectomy.: . . "Payne also says Anna Nicole Smith said Howard K. Stern wasn't the father even though he's listed as such on the birth certificate: "I asked her why she did not just go into a relationship with Stern, to which (Anna Nicole) responded, 'EWWW...GROSS!!! No way!! I would never!'". . And here are some other gems from the declaration. Stern making fun of Daniel for being a virgin:. . According to the declaration, during Christmas, 2005, Stern began to tease Anna Nicole's son Daniel "about being a 19-year-old virgin." Payne says, "....Daniel looked at Stern and stated, 'I don't know why you're worried about me, you've been around my mother for 12 years and haven't gotten any p*ssy either.". . . Smith indicates in the e-mail that she's hard up for money: "I cant work now so im pretty much f....d for some time.... I'm.sure counting on the court to give me my money....cause all I want to do is get out of this house ......I'd take a whole pile of drugs to if that crazy was my mama!!!. I think Howard K. Stern is after what money (if any) that Anna will get from that senile old man's estate.. Let's see the body count is growing.... #1 the 80-90+ year old man. #2 his son. #3 her son. . Next??. Anna??. Her baby girl??. Her Texas family??. The baby's daddy (a.k.a. Larry Birkhead).... . The stuff movie's are made of.... Better not give them another 15 minutes of fame idea...Drug overdose.  They found methadone, lexapro, and zoloft, which together are deadly, but they also found sudafed, benadryl, and like 3 other over the counter meds. I agree that it is some kind of conspiracy and that the lawyer is the ringmaster of that circus.  They found out Anna was taking methadone and xanax while pregnant, so howard, knowing what daniel was being prescribed, got him a drink or somethign when he arrived and slipped a crushed methadone that he got from a very sedated anna into it, knowing that cocktail is deadly. one less person to share her fortune with. hell kill anna next as soon as she makes revisions her will to includ the billions shell end up getting from her ex husband.
There are many fine sites on the web about this event.  The Chinese version is much different than the world at large.  According to the Chinese just a few people were killed.  Thousand were massacred according to outside sources.  Chinese students were protesting corruption in the government and demanding democracy.In 1989, young Chinese demonstrated peacefully for freedom and democracy. After several weeks, Deng Xiaoping had had enough and declared martial law. Fearing civil unrest, he soon sent troops and tanks into Beijing to stop the protests. At least 2500 Chinese citizens died in the massacre, and an untold number more were killed in subsequent purges.
You are right, they probably understand the intricacies of DC politics very well and know that the Democrats are going to cut and run because they are in the pockets of the unions and want more partial birth abortions and support putting criminals on the street and don't take their Parkinson's meds when they are on camera.  Plus, with higher taxes, the small businesses will just drown in red ink and gays will be married in every church by affirmative action quota-filling femnazis who want to take our guns and stop all industrial development.  Of course Al-Qaida votes on the left;  what terrorist wouldn't!. . But they were also happy that Rumsfeld is leaving ... makes you wonder what Al-Qaida has going with this new guy Gates ... he came from a university ... he's probably just a closet liberal mole who just seems like a Bush-licking Republican.  I bet he'll appoint Billary as a special envoy of surrendering to the evil doers, or something like that.. . Also, Al-Qaida said they want us to stay in Iraq.  I bet this is part of their plan to fight us there, instead on of Al-Qaida's home turf.  It's brilliant:  they keep us bogged down in a desert and bewildered at home with the Defeatocrats and their Pentagon mole, while they flounce around safely in their hidey holes enjoying secret messages of support from all the new committee chairwomen/men beamed in by the traitorous liberal media!. . Oh, if only we were smart enough to continue giving GWB a free hand to do anything - even dismantle the Constitution - I bet he would solve all this mess!  That's why they called our G*d fearing President Bushmills "the most stupid president" - just to fool us into not supporting him and instead supporting a pencil neck coward surrenderer like Kerry who killed a VC in hand to hand combat.One state in the U.S elected a Muslim.Muslims vote Democrat in the U.S. . How scary.If they think they have won...GOOD! Maybe they'll crawl back into their caves and stay out of America. . . I don't really care if they THINK they won. Honestly- who gives a watery sh!t what they think?You're making a lot of assumptions based on your interpretation of a news story.  If you could keep your personal prejudices against the Democratic party out of your question, I may feel like answering it.  As it is, I think your mind it made up.yes they are dancing in the streetsgenerally the thought on the democratic party has been seen as week or liberal. most wars that have been fought have been with a republican president and congress; and they (al-qaida) see them as aggressive barbarians
Because Israel has the full support of US no matter what...Even if the UN is trying to do something US is going to veto any sanction against them...And even if someone would say anything about what the IDF has done in those six days,they would be called antisemitic...and then we are reminded about the Holocaust(which in Europe is a really sensitive subject) as a justification of what Israel is doing in the Palestinian territories.... I really wonder if someone is going to be punished for what happened this morning in Beit Hanoun...although I doubt it... . and ,no ,of course the Israeli government won't be put on trial like the Saddam regime...The reason why our world is watching this is because our soldiers are out there fighting for our lives and protecting AMERICA, They  ( The Iraq's)kill their own people especially children because the think they are doing right by GOD. Guess who taught them that?? Yep, SADDAM HUSSAIN!  They are still his followers. God Bless Our Soldiers and Their Families!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!u are sooo right... i dont understand wat kind of ppl they are killing innocent women and children...Perhaps Israel would not be harming women and children if palestinians would not hide behind them and kill Israelis.  I have not heard of any killing going on on either side right now.  No Israel will not be tried for war crimes because the palestinians keep killing civilian Israelis as well.  This is not all bad Israel and perhaps if both sides would quit shooting maybe then you could talk and solve this thing.The answer is so clear, SELF DEFENSE. Children and women threaten the Israeli soldiers , isn't that what they claim??Perhaps you should direct your question to the Palestinian militants, whom cowardly shield themselves with these women and children, and threaten some of them with death, rape, or torture if they come forward.  I am not condoning what Israel does, but I see both sides of the story.  You, my friend, are illogically analyzing the situation and unfairly judging the Israelis.  Do you even know about the movement within Israel against current Israeli military offensives that victimize women and children?Because In ISRAEL there are no human been lived there lived only animal who dont know about humanity or kindness.What do you suggest we do?  Do you think it's possible for women and children to no longer be killed in the world?why don;t you ask Iran, who has openly declared that his aim is to wipe out Israel from map, that why is he doing this,,,,,,,you think people of Israel are not made of blood and flesh, are they made or stones, you think they have no feelings, . . why don.t you ask Syria, that in spite of so many innocent deaths in Lebanon, why is it still smuggling deadly weapons to Hezbollah and now also to Palestinians, . What do you think,.......Muslim countries have full right to do what they do.....and in return Israel should sit quietly and bear all the injustice like cowards..... why don't you ask the Palestinians women and children that what are they doing on the roads instead of sitting quietly at home. Is it humanity that children at this age are said to throw stones and Jews and to hang a gun on their shoulders instead of school bags, Start thinking like Abbas and you will know what is right and wrong....... Can't you see the rockets that they are sending everyday........and declaring openly that they will keep doing it.........what do you want Israel to do.........what would you do if you where in its place.........think and then ask..............Muslims are even fighting among themselves, look at shites and sunnies........or are you going to blame Israel even for thatwhy... why are your commiting sin and why are children disobeying their parents and why is there death in this world .?. . isreal is the holy land and when the 3 countries from the north try to get erase israel of the map thats when the holy one will appear from the heavens and protect his people :). . read the bible dont be dumb oh and heres one for you "why will you never see a a poor israeli in the u.s.a or living in the streets or homeless in any other country answer me this question and tell me your answer okay email me your more than welcome.. . heres one for you.  ABBA ANI HOEV OTHA....SHOLOM
2 ways . 1 , ask bill gates to adopt you and  make a will in your name for 2 billion . . . 2 , rob the fedral reserve bank . other banks dont have so much moneyI'm waiting to learn.  If I knew how, I'd be there.hustling can get you there ...Dig deep and find some oil... . The prices are going up rapidly, . so I reckon in 2 years it'll make . a billionaire out of you... . Good luck!Please darling this is such a silly question.  . Marry an Heiress of course!
There will finally be some justice!about time somone proves to him he does not run all that happens in the worldI'm not comfortable with this verdict.  I'm not sure what's going on here.  I think there is much more than meets the eye.I would rather have had him go through the trials for his other war crimes, like killing off Kurds.  Now, they won't investigate those trials properly and the truth won't come out.It's all relative.  Yes it's true, Saddam was responsible for many deaths but he has been put to trial because he no longer served US interests best, not really because of the deaths he caused.  Just have a look at the last 30 years and you will see that so many got away with mass killings, it just was not in any power's interests to do something about it.  Take the Irak war there certainly are more than 200,000 Iraki deaths and whose responsible of them?? who's really responsible?? just a huge, big emptiness behind that question.  Saddam will end like he lived but just because of circumstances, nothing to do with justice or ethics.its about timeI'm happy, he deserves to get hangedhang the sandngger
It's only good for the ones that is dishing out the propahanda.  seriously, what can be good by not giving the citizens the whole unbiased truth?  Nothing, that's what.. . Use your brain and think for yourself.Pro: the government can influence the masses and make them obey.. . Con: People are brainwashed and influenced by "the man"It shows you just how cut throat politics is, and how stupid politicians think the public is.Depends on how severe the level of propaganda is.. The greatest con is misleading information that influences people to believe things that may not always be 100% true.. . I can't really think of a con for the people of a country/state/whatever. No one wants to be told information that may be biased and whatnot.. . Of course a pro for the government would be getting more supporters.In my opiniion, there is little to be said for propaganda--which is simply lying or warping the truth.  "The truth will set you free."
The same people who forced him to quit will call him back and will ask him to take in charge of the Iraq and make it straight.  They (US) failed to achieve its targets, they are in a mess now, they dont know how to escape from Iraq?  If Saddam can tell them how to get out of it then they dont mind  to put him back into the saddle.  The sad part is that there is nobody in this world to tell the World Police that their foreign policies are wrong.... we poor can only  wait and see....if he is found innocent (which i highly doubt will happen) then most likely they will exile him to another country (like the US did for the former phillippine ruler) and he will live there with probably some tight security funded by the governmentHe will be freed of course. If found guilty then Bush. should be indicted of mass murder also. This is my. opinion and does not concern anyone else.Even though I don't know any of the facts, He was the ruler of a third world country.  So he killed a few ppl.  Some tried to assisnate him, he should seek revengewho knows maybe he would restore some sort of order to Iraq, lets face it , it was a better place when he was there all we did was make it worseIf he is acquitted I think he'll get killed in the streets within a few minutes by an angry mob. God I hope someone records it and posts it on YouTube!!!  LOLThe trial will start over with another Judge... wait... we're allready on the second trial? I'm right!He would be released, and probably killed by the Iraqi people he persecutedSomeone will assassinate him.If he's lucky, the Kurds will kill him quickly.
An organizer rents the venue, contacts and arranges the appearance of the speakers and exhibitors, handles promotion, media and advertising. Also oversees ticket sales to the event.It is a person who organises conferences and/or exhibitions. What else did you think it would be?
Israel has been attacked how many times since 1948? Jews in surrounding countries are doing how well? Oh there aren't any jews nearby anymore? Did you realize that  about 17% of Israeli voters are palestinians/muslims? Did you realize that Israeli muslims are much wealthier than muslims in surrounding countries? That Israeli muslims refuse to leave and surrounding muslims demand to enter? That Fatah and Hamas are unified only in their incompetence and willingness to kill israelis? . Child, you need to read more.because her enemies are so evilHey what are we talking about here.. . Israel is a small country surrounded by Islamic millatnt states who have time and again vowed to exterminate Israel.. . DID THE ISLAMIC MILLITANTS IN IRAQ HAVE TO KIDNAP AND BEHEAD INOCENT PEOPLE?. . DID THE ISLAMIC MILLITANT GROUP "AL QAIDA" HAVE TO EXPLODE THE PLANES, WITH INOCENT PEOPLE ABOARD, INTO THE WORLD TRADE TOWERS AND KILL INOCENT PEOPLE?. . DO THE ISLAMIC MILLITANTS HAVE TO TERRORISE THE WORLD WE LIVE IN?Israel is a tiny country that is threatened by a bunch of useless Islamic Militants.  They would gladly accept peace, it is the religious duty of the Islamic militants to kill all the Jews.. . http://www.obsessionthemovie.com/It's the most successful terrorist state in the world in an axis of evil with the USABlame the secular Zionists who are going to invoke God's wrath against Israel sooner or later.They probally got an evil leaderand the US is just the same evil. Our world is like that, sad.Simply put, because they control US politicians. If the US stopped supporting Israel they would be on their knees begging for peace from the arabs within 10 seconds.HM?! you are wearing pink glassesWe know who the real terrorist are....... . """"""@'. . Nobody is 100% evil.....
brittneybritish humorare you trying to say 'British humour'?I just checked his bio at Wikipedia. Apparently, Brit isn't short for anything. He has always been called Brit.It's short for Brit.  That is his given name.
he drownedHe died in his sleep from a heart attack in is Cleveland home.stopped breathingMassive heart attack...is was a really big guy....news reports said he wasn't feeling well a couple weeks ago....People have to get serious about losing weight. It's not just about vanity anymore.... too many people are dying.He had a heart attack.He died of a heart attack.He was 40 years old and died of a heart attack.HE DIED OF A HEART ATTACK AT THE AGE OF 40Heart failure. My sympathy to his family. May he rest in peace.drowned I believeoh my god, my friend told me this morning. i thought she was joking. Lets just hope this is a sick joke! How did people find out, where did people get the information from because im sure it would have been in the news.he got hit by a truck
Official story is full of ambiguities. This episode was used to hunt for Osama Bin Laden, and taken more than 200000 human lives in Afghanistan and Iraq. The facts shown by Secretary of Defence at UN about Chmical Warfare to attck Iraq, proved wrong. Same will happen about the fabricated story of 09-11-01. It will be known that to remove old WTC building, this whole thing was dramatised.I will watch with amusement as scads of people tell you that it was Clinton's fault.There is some speculation as to exactly what happened, and exactly how much the U.S. government knew about. . www.loosechange.com . is an excellent site that effectively argues some very sound points regarding the structure of the building, and the kind of plane that hit the Pentagon.. "Google": Flight 93 - Victims, and you'll find some disturbing remarks that claim the plane crash in Pennsylvania wasn't a plane crash at all. . There will always be conspiracy theories, as there still is in the Kennedy assassination case. Important events have a way of attracting a lot of questions, especially when the government and the media fails to report events accurately, completely, objectively, or with any skepticism. This disaster should have been the catalyst for one of the most intense investigations in history; instead, the debris was hauled away quickly, disposed of mysteriously, and reports were accepted as truth by most of the Fourth Estate. Not since Watergate has the media really done a respectable job of questioning government.   -RKO-Things that could have been prevented. I think the government knew something like that would happen, not that im accusing anyone of know that that would happen to a particular city ona a particular date or anything -- but i think the gov't knew that terrorists ha d aplan of some kind. And I also think that the U.S. was greatly lied to when we were told certain things. Look at pics of the Pentagon -- if a plane went through there, why isnt there any plane remenants and why is their only a small 16 foot wide hole -- this is a 747 were tlakin about!! Look at th eplane that went down in Pennslvania -- if that was a plane -- were is the blood, bodies and remains of th eplane, all that remains was pieces of scrap medal no bigger than a human hand! Evidence dosent hold up folks! So theres ur proof -- USED CAR SALESMAN - POLITICIANS -- WHATS THE DIFFERENCE?Terrorists seen us as weak after Clinton dismantled our military and intelligence and strategically hit us financially. Hoping for jihad and the union of all Muslims, Bin Laden and others regrouped after Bush put them on the run. Now they are doing the same thing. They are waiting for us to lower our defenses yet again and strike. This time it might be nuclear. I pray that I am wrong.EVIL COWARD'S killed innocent peopleTwo airplanes were hijacked by terrorists that crashed in the twin towers This was in New york close to 3,000 ppl died and 24 were injured.  Ones who died were police officers firefighters, people inside offices and outside killed injured or missing.i think there was a bombingThe United States created an enemy in the form of "Bin Laden", a pretense to invade Iraq. I truly do believe that 9/11 was done by the government, with military precision.. . The government's story of what happened has too many holes and inconsistencies to have any true validity.i went to work to get my newborn listed on my insurance then i heard on the radio on my way home that a plane hit the world trade center and i thought "this has got to be a joke". i rushed home and watched the destruction and heroics. after that, i watched the pride of our nation as we came together to heal. . yes, it was a tradegy. no, i don't believe there was any larger conspiracy other than that of the terrorists who thought they could take over a few planes, kill people, and somehow break our spirit in the process. but what actually happened is that it made us stronger, even if just for a little while......before all the weirdo theories came upThe 11th of September 2001 was the day when the terrorists announced to the world "We are here" and nobilised it in the name of Islam. They sent out a cold,calculated,callous message to the west that they will take over the world, and to this day this message is being carried out to the letter, and we in the west do not have the correct attitude or leaders to prove to the terrorists that they are wrong, they will be defeated, and they will lose. I will concede however, that the theory that the Twin Towers were in fact demolished instead of collapsing due to the planes colliding in them holds some weight, and if that is ever proven to be true, George Bush is for the high jump!Bin Laden attacked American soil with such disrespect that he used our emergency help number.  Our president ran and hid.  Our country did not retaliate!!!  We realized we are not untouchable or safe.....   W realized life can change in a moment.WW III officially beganI worked my last  night shift , had about a month to go before I was to have my child.  Had to go on bedrest and woke up 3 hours after falling asleep to calls on my answering machine, "" You Gotta put the news on , we're at war!! OH my g*d, I can't believe this. Please get up!! Get your son out of daycare, bring him home to be safe,  get up, my mom cried to me".       So I dragged myself to the tv--not believeing al the drama--"maybe it's a bad dream, did I really hear the machine right???".  Yes I did, my heart sank and I went to pick up my son and call my hubby.  My children and I cuddled all day ..          Never felt so helpless in all my life.Crazy people crashed planes into buildings in NY city and killed a lot of innocent people.  Anything beyond that...who knows?Well, my view isn't really interesting, so I'll tell you Grandma's.. . She believes that the terrorists were getting back at us for the Persian Gulf war, and because she believes we try to stick our nose in everything.  Also, to get back at Bush Sr.  I guess they did it to his son.. . I have nothing to do with these views.The oppressed and manipulated world attacked the United States. That of course didn't make it right!
Both to protect the children from the bombings, and to improve the morale of everyone in the cities (they would have felt better knowing their children were living safely in the countryside breathing clean air and being looked after by kindly farmers wives with freshly baked apple pies. of course, reality was not always so nice).Children were evacuated during the war hopefully so they would not getblown up by german bombs,I myself was an evacuee but did'nt get sent to country,I was sent to a seaside resortIn  the second world war children were sent away from the cities at the outbreak. This was known as the phony war as nothing much happened and many children were returned home. Later on there were also some cases where children were evacuated to seaside towns on the east coast which ended up being bombed as german bombers unloaded any left over ordinance brfore returning across the channel, so in the end, nowhere was particularly safe.If you are talking about Britain in WW2, it was to remove them from places which had a high likelihood of being bombed to a place of relative safety in the countryside.they were evacuated to the countryside to keep them out of harms way. Also, so at least there was another generation of people left, even if the others diedbecause they are evacuees, obviously. evacuees should be evacuated... just like cyclists cycle, runners run, swimmers swim? why? just cosThe Nazis were bombing London and the other Industrial UK centres, Glasgow, Manchester, Belfast etcthe children where evacuated from London because of the blitz the bombing of London by the Germans, to keep them safe so that a whole generation was not wiped out by the bombsyou need to be more specific, who are you talking about?To keep them reasonably safe from the German bombing campaigns during World War TwoBecause there was/is a risk that they will be harmed if left where they live...If there is no obvious reason or cause, then I suspect that it is a fear mongering move to allow those who call themselves authority to control for no reasonable or otherwise justifiable reasonfor protection
Of the named Saudi Pilots who perished with the planes, so many are alive and provided proofs that they are alive. The question reveals chauvinism.. so can there be a sober answer ?N. Korea did not launch a nuke into the ocean.... The terrorist organizations were not in Saudi Arabia. and the attacks were not lauched from Saudi Arabia...that would stop the flow of oil.Because Bush is invading countries in alphabetical order, Iraq, North Korea and the Saudi Arabia...Because George Bush wanted Saddam's head on a platter to make his Daddy happy and Saddam wasn't in Saudi Arabia. Otherwise, we'd be in North Korea today getting rid of the WMD's that we know the North Koreans have. This was never about WMD's or the pilots.Because dick chaney lives thereBecause the Saudi's are our "friends".. . With regard to N Korea. They just got nukes but i think the Clinton Admin thought they had that situation in control.-If we wanted to get the terrorists why didn't we invade Saudi Arabia where most of the 9/11 pilots came from?. . From is the operative word. They hadn't been in Saudi Arabia in some time. The Saudis have run most of the violent radicals out of their country.. . -If we wanted to premeptively strike dangerous countries with WMDs why didn't we go into N. Korea who launched a nuke into the ocean 2 days before we invaded Iraq. . . Where are you getting your news from? According to the 'reliable' sources NK just set off their first nuclear weapon THIS year. According to the people who figure out that sort of thing, the yield was about 1/4 of the power of the bomb dropped on Hiroshima. And they still haven't launched a nuke anywhere.Becuase Bush Snr hadnt had a problem with that the only reason George W Bush went in was cos of what happened to his dad. Also i think you are slightly miss informed i dont believe N Korea launched a nuke into the water just before we invaded Iraq
publicity, advertising, writings, images, money, talk shows, books, articles and more -- of all these influences us and affect our thinking. Including radio, TV., Internet etc. I have no solution on how to resist -- but all this information and mis-information and mass information -- is too much already for my tiny brain. Conflicting news, psychological news affecting my well being and the way I feel -- all play their role...the next question you should ask is how do we protect ourselves against such an unlimited on slow of news and information. The subject is interesting and unlimited. Hope it helps a tiny bit in your thinking. and the answer is of course "yes".every body takes chances to imprint their views. so i want to be independentI think that if a person spends a lot of time watching commercial tv, then they can be overly influenced by its content. The best way to do that is to balance the information one gets by reading/viewing different media (from various perspectives) so that one can benefit from a more well rounded perspective.If I think as average american than yes, but in my case I do collect my information other than the media to get influenced.
I think the media adds their own twist to many a story--by this I mean they already know the reaction they want to incite from the public, so they "project" the news in a certain light, with a certain bias, in order get a particular reaction from the crowd.. . I think they should fully investigate a story before throwing it "out there".  I don't think they often do that.  . . In the old days, when something were to happen like what did to Kramer for example, a good journalist would interview one, then the other, then the crowd, then accumulate the facts and then put out a story.. . I don't think they do that anymore.  In their quest to get a story out, they just take it and run...and any investigating or follow up is done afterwards...and at that point it's all damage control and people sit back with popcorn in hand and watch the drama unfold...so all they really are doing is providing a tabloid service and cheap thrills for the scads of people who suck up this stuff, and not any kind of real or useful news.  They do it all the time.  That certain Barbarella news station presents nothing but biased news and it's almost cultish and I'm sure looks to the rest of the world much like Al Jezeera must appear to the west...biased.. . So I think they should be fair and tell the story without any personal agenda involved...but nobody does that anymore.  . . Why should they do it?  Because that is the honest way to project the news and reality, and the media should be morally mandated to do so.. . Media has created so many false truths that all our youth buy into this crap and look at what kind of society we have as a result.To report who, what, when and where. They do not have a mandate to spin the news to suit their owners' political leaningsProfessional newspapers have an obligation to print the truth, honestly and fairly, with as much objectivity as possible. This does not mean they should print what certain people like or what is favorable to a particular point of view. If they didn't print stories that got people mad, they wouldn't be doing their job. It's easy to criticize the media, but incredibly hard to work in it.
It shocks me that so many Americans just don't get it. I saw this am on the news that if we pull out our troops then Iraq will be taken over by AlQueda and be in bed with Iran and their nuclear missiles. Scary isn't it? We really need to wake up before something terrible and devastating happens. It's time to take care of our own country and protect our freedoms!man I completely agree with you and it is absolutely baffling to me that no one gives a damn anymore about people who want to kill all of us because we are Americans, but the only reason I can think of is because people are brainwashed by the liberal media and beleive whatever they see on television and dont have the knowledge or ability to look beyond what the television shows them, to see what we are doing in Iraq is for a good cause. So the simple answer is they think that Iran doesnt pose any threat, this is just another so called lie by Bush and his administration to attack Iran for oil, which is pathetic.I wish that I knew.  It is not like they need the nuclear power to run anyhting over there.  They have plenty of oil.  I would hope that the goverments of the world are looking at him, but I am thinking that they are not.. This guy is a religious fanatic.  Not that I have anything against religion I do not.  but anything taken to the extreme is a bad thing.  I think that if he gets the weapons capability that he is not afraid to use it.. CheersBecause Iran didn't bomb or invade any country that had never attacked it. Which country exactly saved hundreds of Iranian airmen during WW2, just to be bombed and demonized by it 55 years later?
Because he knows what he's talking about and is very good at what he does.It's his disregard for political correctness, and the fact that he is a bloody good chef!!People appreciate his passion for the food.  It is his way of making sure that no one dares make a mistake in the kitchen.  I truly believe that any chef who has trained under Gordon will be better for it.As a top chef he demands high standards from his staff, if they can't take the heat get out of the kitchen. . It's about his own high standards, nothing to do with bullying, all chefs are the same, that's the nature of the job.No, he is praised for his excellent chefing ability. His swearing and bullying is comman place in kitchens up and down the country and around the world. It is the same with everything today on television- If you dont like it dont watch it.. . I personally take his personality with a pinch of salt!He's got charisma. That's why he can get away with the stuff he does. I think he's pretty cool.I think he is a great chef. He has charm and talent so thats what makes him quite endearing, I think he has the Simon Cowell Syndrome. The nastier he gets the more we like him.Is he that popular? what little I have seen of him every second word is a swear word, if that makes him popular then it say's a lot about what is wrong in this country...the man is a cretin.because he,s a good chefbecause he's rock and rollHe isn't popular with me!  I don't understand why this is supposed to be entertainment.  If he does this in his restaurant in real life it is surprising that he hasn't ended up in employment tribunials / court for his behaviour.He has to be forceful in his work or he wouldn't be as successful as he is; his team all know and respect this and earn a lot of money. Why have people in the UK turned into such wimps? . . Gordon Ramsey is what I would call a real manI certainly don't think he deserves praise of any sort and completely agree that his attitude and behaviour set an appalling role model for the young..  As a country we seem to enjoy watching ever increasing extreme behaviour (I'm thinking of some of the antics on Big Brother and other so called Reality TV shows) and worry this is the worst sort of voyeurism.I have no idea as i find him arrogant and short of vocabulary hence the f word every 2 seconds and as for his programme its a switch off, flash in the pan  no pun intendedi think hes pretty ugly too, i cant see what the attraction isI agree with you, I watched once and had to turn off, swearing is ok (marginally) in certain programmes, but certainly not in a kitchen. He's awful.Is he popular?  I don't know of anyone who watches his programmes.  Tell you what though his much vaunted boxes of chocolates are tasteless, which pretty much applies to him as well.Because he has lines on his chinwho?He is a perfectionist and he only swears at those who think they're as good as him (or god forbid think they know better). All chefs are moody and mean tempered when they're working in the kitchen but they're charming as hell out of it. Artistic temperament I guess. He gets results and thats all he's interested in - he's not out to win popularity contests and the man deserves respect!Because he used to play for Glasgow Rangers ...Because he swears and is a bully
The BBC is one of the best. Go down the page and look under "World Service Radio Programmes". (They spell things funny over there.)If you open Yahoo Search and pose this question out will come a long list of (about  a hundred)  online sources -some general and some specilised. Some of these sources even provide services in different languages to suit your convenience. I have myself checked some of these and found them quite informative. You may perhaps like to  consult this site.
I'm in total agreement with you! By sharing this information with the public, surely they are only giving ammunition to a whole new generation of the dispossessed in society.The job of the news is to inform. If the methods you described were used by people, it is the duty of the media to report them. Journalists simply anticipate the questions and try to answer them. It's no different than movies that show creative ways to rob banks, kidnap people or break into homes.I agree. The Press are extremely irresponsible and this kind of information should not be published. There are plenty of nuts out there just itching for the knowledge of how to make a bomb....one of these people will finish us off with poison in the water system or one of Dhiren Barot's despicable schemes.I pretty much agree with mynameisdumbnuts and I'd like to add that the reason they are not worried about reporting it is because the police are probably wise to these things. Don't worry, if it was something they really didn't want you to know they wouldn't blab about it (e.g. area 51).
In a nut shell over control of Iraq, power and resources (mainly oil). A the Sunni minority have been in power for over 40 years now and the war changed the political, social and economic scene. The Shiites are now in control and this has of course is not acceptable by the Suniis. On the other hand the Shiia are making the best of this new order and making up for the years spent under the sunii leadership.VERY simplistic answer is they have an unending debate as to WHO is the inheritor of The Prophet Muhammad... (PBUH). . Therefore... who are "proper" Muslims.. . Just like Protestants and Catholics... rather foolish.cos they're immature! GRRRC'mon, how many thousands of years do you want to go back to get that answer????   But in recent history, Saddam is a Sunni minority that has ruled Iraq for a few decades.  Now that Saddam is gone, the Shiites are getting revenge.it's a long long story.they are the direct decendents of cain and abel, and they are still at itThey have their hatreds for each other that go way back when and we can't stop it either unfortunately.
The bigest danger is your own government.Here is are a few reasons why people SHOULD have guns. For one thing, society. In order to get a gun, you need a registered license. This ensures that MOST of the people carrying guns are registered to use them. Lets face it, in today's society, people have more money than others. People who don't have as much resort to crime to get what they want. Someone will use a gun to threaten and or kill people for what they want. . . People use knifes for the same purpose, but you don't see them trying to be outlawed. You see people who drive wrecklessly and hit others in their attempt to escape the police, but you don't hear about cars trying to be outlawed. The fact remains, if you outlaw guns, people will still get them from other countries. By making them legal, you are ensuring people's safety who need them. You need some protection in this world because no matter what laws you have, someone will always be there to break them. You might as well be prepared for WHEN it happens.Oh, good one isis, and pencils mis-spell words. everyone should be taught to use a gun, how to handle a gun, and how to do it safely. I'm getting my 9 year old grandson a rifle for christmas. not a bb gun either, a 22, so there. I'll teach him how to use it and to respect it, and how to kill with it. I think everyone should know these things.Guns do not kill people. People do.. When you eat cookies, cookies don't fatten, people who eat them do.. What's that? People cannot take responsibility for their actions anymore?. Guns are OK in responsible hands. They additionally help to defend yourself. When someone with an UNREGISTERED weapon comes and threaten you, Smith & Wesson is your best friend.They should! Cause the criminals still get away with their illegal weapons and how are we supposed to defend ourselves against that? Feels like discrimination against the righteous. Don't wanna sound like a nag. I wouldn't wanna shoot anyone ever anyway.they would start shooting each other ,like they do in MexicoI don't have any problem with citizens owning firearms, but I don't think that they should have the RIGHT to own firearms.  I seriously think that there that there needs to be stricter regulations on who can own a firearm, the kinds of firearms they can own, and there needs to be definate safe storage standards.Because guns kill people.Why should we be able to have knive's or anything else that could possibly be used to maim or hurt people then......answer: because our constitution gives us that right. The criminal element will always have something to use for their crimes.Honestly if you were dumb enough to vote for Georgie boy twice (and I mean the people who voted for him) You think it is a good idea to let them out with a loaded gun if you want to have a gun join the army there are plenty of vacancies.Because it would be much  easier for criminals to rob them .The pistol on my hip guarentees that it's MY opinion on the matter that matters most.because they can hurt  someone they didnt want to hurt by mistake and get arrested :(Why should regular citizens have cars, which happen to be very deadly weapons, my life is threatened everyday by some dumbo with a car and they get away with not being charged attempted murder
Well, Radio programmes have to be far more descriptive and involving in its language and content as the listeners cannot "see" the story. The people reporting have to be the listeners eyes as well as ears and so that is one huge difference.television have vision radio only has soundOne of them you can see and the other you listen to.No sex on the radio
You can get Air America? The reception is so poor in my area, all I get is static and crackle, which is one reason i stopped listeningPerhaps your political views are just different than most peoples.  that could have something to do with it.
do you know why the Jews wandered for 40 years in the desert until they got to the promised land?  They didn't have the mentality of a free people to govern themselves, so Moses and God wanted to see a new generation that would comprehend this.  Same answer for Iraq,  Iraqi people don't understand what democracy means and they won't rise above the mullahs in their mosks who control these "poor things" to believe that the USA is a big infidel, a Satan who wants to destroy their religionand grab the oil,  To succeed you need a partnership a true one between the people, which unfortunately we don't have.Probably because people like yourself cannot spell L_O_S_I_N_G.... . . LOOSING- is a term used in archery. To "Loose" an arrow is to let an arrow go from the string.. . LOSING- is an act of failing or being defeated.... For the love of all that is holy, PLEASE start using LOSE AND LOOSE correctly.Because the invasion and occupation were acts of extreme stupidity.THE AMERICAN DREAM. GOD BLESSyou answered your own question, rumsfelds vision was faultyThat is kind of like asking why do we need to breath. We could not win there, it was stupid to go there to begin with.
a simple equation to illustrate that:. . Iraq = oil = money for people whose business interests depend on it = ? (i'll leave it at that...)Because Iraq has oil, and with the 14 permanent bases the US are building there, the US will have basis to strike anyone in the region.  . The "War on Terrorism", like "The War on Drugs" is a farce. If you don't know who the enemy are, or have any idea where they are located, how can you fight them? . . As for helping Osama or the Talaban or Saddam , the US did more to help them, than all other orgaizations combine, think about it, do we now declare war on the US?Oh lets see, theres a couple of reasones. 1. It was bush's little personal vendeta 2. Drove up oil prices. 3. kept the us citizens scared so they were easier to rule. 4. Drove up the national debt so thered be less money to spend on social programs. 5. Debt +taxes=no more middle class. . . There is/was never any link between Iraq and 9/11. This again was bush fear mongering.. . There never was any credible intel saying saddam had/wanted/was developing weapons of mass destruction. Again, fear mongering. . . Don't believe me? Even most other republicans are turning away from bush because of the war. Floridas GOP cannidate for governor refused to appear with bush at a campaign rally monday.actually N. Korea was more scary as we KNEW they had the bomb. They can fight back. we like to attack weak countries for an easy win and big political gains.( Like we did in Grenada) . . The idea this time,  and it was not a bad idea, was to take over Iraq like  Afghanistan and then have Iran pinned down and surrounded. We really wanted to get Iran but it was too difficult as they are too strong. so we went for the weakest link. but then Iran started helping Iraq  fight as it infiltrates and sabotages the governemnt there. so it was a plan that backfired but nobody can admit it.. What we are doing now is fighting IRAN but in what is left of IRAQ. Just like we wound up fighting CHINA in Korean war and had  to give up.( cut and run). " He who fights and runs away, lives to fight another day". we have always used Iraq to attack iran and keep it weak. that si why we put Saddam inthre in the first place ( divide and conquer) but saddam got greedy and hard to control so we had to take him out. we should have put in a puppet to take his place instead of opening the door to IRAN by trying to do the impossible and set up a  westerrn style democracy in a Muslim country. Then afghanistan went into reverse and now we have nothing.  that is the fortunes of war..  Our army is trained to kill, not police. we should have destoyed the enemy and then took over, not try to set them up in business.. Bush and his boys are too politically correct to make the hard decisions. if you are going to attack, you go in with everything you got and destroy the enemy. that is how to fight a war. and you do NOT give them one year notice to get ready for you either. that was really stupid.. We need some really right wing warriars to run this country if we are going to be aggressive. Not a bunch of sissies like Rumsfeld and Cheny who do not know anything about how to win a war. they are politicians. even our generals are getting soft and comfortabel and afraid to challenge authority. where is McArthur and Patton and Halsey and their ilk when we need them? Can anyone even name a general of note in this war who has done any generaling? This war has already lasted longer than WW II.. and it is just a tiny country of ill equipped ragtag rebels. what would we do if we got attacked by a real army? We need to bolster our defenses and build up the military or we are TOAST!Iraq has OIL. And they could possibly have attacked Israel, one of Bush's favored states.We went into Iraq because they disobeyed UN Security Council mandates - North Korea has not.. . This has nothing to do with "SCARY" - it has to do with obeying or not obeying UN Security Council Measures.You flip a coin and it comes up on one side or the other... You can question why it did not come up on the other side as much as you want...But it does not help or change things.. I am sure they analyzed it and Iraq was the best choice...because iraq and afghanistan were linked in some ways with terrorists. although this was a war against terroism we are trying to get wipe out related groups and afghanistan and iraq have ties between terror organizations. . why would we wipe out terroists in afghanistan and then go all the way to north korea when the same kind of terriosts are in iraq. that would give them chance to regroup.FIRST COME FIRST SERVE THE MIDDLE EAST  SPILLED BLOOD FIRST. WE WERE STILL WAITNG FOR NORTH KOREA TO DO SOMETHING WE STILL ARE BOTH OF THEM ARE DANGROUSbecause Iraq blatently helped many terrorist organizations like al queda and the taliban...  Iraq was about 9/11 as much as it was about wmdBecause N. Korea is not a threat.  Really, they cannot support themselves and rely upon the generosity of China and other surrounding countries.  If they did anything to damage this they would completely fall.  Iraq on the other hand was entered into because Saddam and continuously failed to follow resolutions put forth by the UN and refused to allow people in to inspect the country.  He even put forth the impression they had weapons.  Then, we received faulty evidence they had weapons and we thought it was as good a time as any (because he should have been taken out many years ago).  After entering on false information (not created by Bush) and taking Saddam we had to support the people.  Iraq is a self-sustaining country who has harboured terrorists, and therefore the time was just right.
Because this is not some barbaric tinpot dictatorship. We are a civilised country.. Countries and US states with the death penalty still have a high rate of violent crime. . The death penaly makes martyrs.. The Birmingham 6 and the Guildford 4 were 10 innocent people that we jailed for years. They were set up because people were baying for blood. You can't pardon dead people, its taking the p155.. . The death penalty has been abolished, 'even' for treason. Which means plotting to bring down the govt, not plotting to hurt people.. . The rest of us have the right to live in safety. Life should mean life. Prison is not a cushy option.because no matter what we think of our justice system, there has been times when they have been wrong, birmingham 4, for example, what would have happened if we did sentence these men to corporal punishment, and years later we then find they are innoncent.. it's an extremely difficult stance to take, it is right to take their life just cos they wanted to take others?. the difficulty i have is that it says he is sentenced to life imprisonment, but that means he could be in for 40 yrs, is that life?because... its illegal to take life... . .    its called the Universal Docterine of Human RIghts, after WW2 all the nations got togethor and signed a bill which garuanteed rights to earths citizens.... but like most peace documents it has been ignorned.Because of death row. USA isn't a barbaric country like Iraq or Cuba.  But they won't be pardoned. It depends on the government and law in whatever country that suits the crime and punishment to fit like a glove.Because WE are CIVILISED.. Simple.None of the people you have referred to have been convicted of treason or even charged with it. So you question really should be why when people plot to kill a mass of citizens do we not charge them with treason. Oran's Dictionary of the Law (1983) defines treason as: "...[a]...citizen's actions to help a foreign government overthrow, make war against, or seriously injure the parent nation.. So for this to be treason the acts would have to be seen as helping a foreign power do a serious injure to the nation.  Maybe it is. It is a good debating point but to make it treason you would have to decide how many citizens would have to be killed before it was classed as a serious injury to the state and decide what a foreign power was.Actually with a law passed in the 1960's the Death Penalty was outlawed in Britain. And before that Treason was the only crime that carried capital punishment. The maximum even for that now is life inprisonment.we are a nation of compasionate people, except for a few exceptions, like youIt's still a capital offence to start a fire in her majestys boatyard and piracy.. . Can't seen them carrying it out for those crimes, can you?. . If you kill the terrorists then they become a martyr. A symbol for other impressionable people (not all from outside our country)  Bang them in jail for 40 years and see how long it takes before they stop picking up the soap in the shower. Prison is anything but a cushy lifestyle. Killing them gives them the 'get out of jail free' cardBecause we are not like themYou are wrong...try researching the facts before you say there are still hanging offences...there are no longer any offences carrying the death penalty.Because we are ruled by a government that are more interested in the human rights of the prisoner than that of the (potential)victim. Very good point!We are supposed to be a civilised democracy aren't we? So it's all about not stooping to their level, showing the stiff upper lip and doing what we do best which is carry on living despite the threat of terror.. We had a lot of time to get used to this with the IRA campaign didn't we? And how many of them were freed under the Good Friday agreement? So you have to ask does any of it really matter anyway?I AGREE WITH YOU ON THIS ONECruel and unusual punishment is considered bad these days.  Go figure.I agree with your statement 100%. Now, if you can find a way to convince our judicial system to create a law(s) to put this in motion, besides the obvious letter writing, someone will sit at your feet and probably one day elect you president.Because this country is too soft.They will wake up one day to find that the citizens will take the law into their own hands, and sort the mess out themselves. We need a strong government and not a namby pamby lot that are too scared to tell the truth about what, or who are causing most of the unrest. We know who are to blame,but cannot rely on this cowardly government to act against them in any way, as they rely on these people for votes to keep them in power.I whole heartedly  agree, . and have often wondered about that.. they are so worried about prisoners rights they forget about our right to live without the threat of terrorism, rapists, child abusers and murderers.. when they issue life sentences with a minimum of 5 years i just want to cry.. At least when they announced a LIFE Sentence for  the moors murderers they meant itBecause there are to many do-gooders saying we cant hang them.But its time to bring back capital punishment,look at the money we would save.If I'm not mistaken, treason is the only crime you can get punished by death for in the UK. They hang them i think. But they still need to prove it was treason. He can get away with that if his lawers can prove it was conspiracy to kill a lot of people.because we are now a country of politically correct do gooders. the only crime that the death sentence still exists in this country is high treason.
I regard them both as the enemy of Britain. I would think that the Guardian is further to the left than the Independent, but not by much. I know that these days the term left wing tends to be a umbrella term incorporating, the old left, feminism, political correctness, obsession with minorities, pro federal Europe etc. All of the things, in fact, that any sensible, patriotic, person would avoid like the plague. The Guardian loses money, but its losses are made good by the "Scot Trust", money that an earlier benefactor left in trust for that purpose. You can also add the Observer to this trio of left wing rags. Read the Telegraph instead, a far more sensible thing to be doing.I am not all that sure. If I want balance, I usually look at the Guardian and Times online, and attempt to make up my mind from there.. It is possible that both Guardian and the Independent have little difference, and the differences in perspective that which the readers notice is due to what the editors may have eaten for breakfast, lunch, or their dinner. I am rather sure that Guardian editors have no idea what a high tea is, so they probably settle for pubgrub or the cheapest takeaway they can find. . [I had to say that, just for fun!] Comedians have made fun of the Guardian for years on occasion, as far as I know.The difference with both of them is, at least theres more than a modicome of "whats so" rather than what could be, might be, or maybe. Facts not fantasy and conjecture. They both command respect for the standards of integrity in reporting that they adhear to releasing. Hense why The independent won the newspaper of the year award.They are both liberal and the Indy tends to green liberal issues more than the Guardian. But its a toss between them really.
Random magazine print random things.  She wasn't fired at all, it's just a conspiracy to make us think she was.She didn't get fired. Trust me ... no network wants to fire Katie Couric. I'm assuming your talking about the Today show not CBS news, because she wasn't fired from either. . . CBS offered Katie the money, and I guess that's why she changed over to CBS.Katie Couric was not fired. She quit the Today Show so she could be the lead anchor for CBS Evening News. She will be making a whole lot of more cheese. Plus she gets the honor of being the first female lead anchor on an network evening news.She got in a big gun when no one was looking?. . Silly cow.She wasn't fired. Why would she be fired? Her rating is like about 7.8 and abc's and nbs's rating are like 8, 8.4, respectively. She's not that behind.because she is a horrible person and a flat out bitchshes so vain and self absorbed.  too into herselfwas she fired?That's stupid. She wasn't fired her contract was up and she didn't re-new it and felt it was time to leave. It was planned for years for her to leave when she did.
i know its not the printer mine does the same thing and it is always the right side, ive been using the print option located at the top right where it says printer friendly virsion, and that seems. to take care of the problemput whole computer in 3/4 full tub
Because the Jackass we have in the White House allows these oil companies to gouge the American people whenever they want. Right now it's the holiday season.because they are still in office! so nothing is getting done [literally]! and they want to make money before they have to go and the economy collapses just like Enron! and next year the economy will be bad as you own personal fiances that is  if you are the kind of person who does not pay your bills, so you can just imagine what its like to finally try paying off a trillion dollar credit card bill!Because the elections are over and the republicans are mad!!!!  Did anyone notice that they went down right before the elections, early october....and then started going up immediately after the elections.... . conspiracy....NOTThe greed of the oil companies. Have you ever noticed how frequently the price of gas changes? At least 3 or maybe 4 times a day. Did you know that most gas stations fill up their storage tanks once a week? Why, then, do gas prices fluctuate so dramatically and frequently? Greed is the only answer I can think of, though I'm open to other answers. The price of gas is fixed according to the fluctuating price of crude, not to the actual cost -plus a small profit- of the fuel supplied. The governments may not call this price gouging and price fixing, but I sure do. Don't you?It is part of the overall plan for America. We have to keep OPEC happy or else they will shut down the flow of oil, plus as you said the oil party lost. I don't know if you noticed but the reduced gas prices had a direct impact on the stock market. Personally I think we have people in high places that are controlling the economy with oil prices. If gas goes up another 20 cents per gallon the stock market will fall and everything will stay the same, just the way they want it. The last thing they want to see is a booming economy with a surplus of manufacturing jobs. They would rather ship as many jobs as possible over seas and keep the general population afraid for their well being.holiday traveling season could be a reason, politics has a hand in things. well around our way ive seen it at 2.19 and 2.25i believe the thanksgoving holidays, people are traveling. i heard that on the news this morning.beacause some gas takes to much money to buy so they can but in the gas station.shell does not make enough profitA holiday.during the Holidays the price always goes up.....OR maybe the party that failed was NOT indeed the **OIL party**Supply and demand, holiday travel. Notice how it will come back down. Supply & demand. Demand & supply. Supply AND demand. Or Pelosi did it.The elections are over, the gas companys just today report a high level of storageBecause the gas companies have their man in office and can manipulate prices without fear of the government coming down on them. Remember that Bush is a Texas oilman.
You answered it yourself, they are just lazy!! Some are just really dumb, some don't want to search for the answer, some maybe don't even know how to search on the Internet, some do it for fun, and some just do it because they are bored and have nothing else to do!! You're totally right......You answered your own question.  They are completely lazy.  Same thing with all those kids asking us to do their homework.IT'S FUN.............in todays go go lifestyle, we aint got one hour to research where darfur is.probably they know the answers already but they just need to seek other people's opions to make sure their answers are correct. Anyways this is an answer and question site so i think it is not that weird to put questions up even if it sounds so silly or stupid. You know what your sort of question is just adding to my list of stupid questions but anyways its your like so i'm not going to say futher. Thanks no hard feelingsBeing completely lazy IS the reason.Maybe they like different opinions.  We all don't see and look at things the same.  Why are you even on here if it OBVIOUSLY bothers you?Maybe they did it so you could have a question to ask.  Who really cares why.  Don't give them an answer if you think they are being that way.  I don't answer questions that sound like homework.People like new opinions.  Plus, less research involved.Because they have the freedom of speech to do so, so don't  HATE
listen you wheat haed. obviously if you have access to yahoo answers, you have access to some weathe rwebsite. bozoLooks like around 30.. . check out this link:. . http://www.weather.com/outlook/homeandgarden/schoolday/wxdetail/USIL1259?dayNum=1&from=36hr_fcst_school
I rackeye wreck :)) no, actualy i wreck, cuz things get wrecked there.eye rack or ear ock ...........i dont knowIRAK or ERAK'Ear ock' is correct. For some reason, some Americans have a fixation with purposely mispronouncing the names of countries we see as enemies. Started with Viet Nam.
There is something wonderful called the INTERNET!!! You should try itIf nothing really happened in your house no one would really know.Check with your city hall. They should have reconds of who live there before you. Then you can check old newspapers to find out if anything has ever happened there. Also, check with your neighbors. Exspecially the ones that have been in the community for a long time. Peace!go to the county office and ask for the deed history, then you can look up the names on other sitesGo get the abstract.  It tells you everything about the place you live.It depends on why/what you want to know.  If you think something bad happened, such as someone dying, the seller is required to disclose that if you purchased the home. If you're merely interested in general statistical info (such as selling prices, dates, etc), you can contact your county recorder's office.Go to your local court house, from there you can get names of previous owners, contact them and it will take you all the way back to when the house was built.....Look online  government sites. Check out your property records. That should be a good place to start.go to your county recorders office give them your propertys PIN # AND ASK for an abstract of same. If it's a problem with haunts, contact a ghost bustergot to the registry of deeds at your local court house, it should have all the necessary information you need listed there
Because it was originally set aside back in the cold war days as a government controlled frequency for use with the emergency broadcast system.  It guaranteed that no matter what the gov't had an available wavelength to transmit over.T.V. Broadcasts take up a lot of the radio wave lengths. There is no Channel one because that is the wave length where all of the other radio is. Like cell phones,Am or Fm, C.B. or ham.Its an experiment to see who would ask.
JOHN....the London bombings were in 2005.. . Today's story is Tony Blair apologising for the slave trade.. How can we make amends?   Open the doors, let them all in, and keep them in the lap of luxury at our expense?. Do you think they will be grateful?1) May 27: A 6.3 magnitude earthquake strikes central Java in Indonesia, killing more than 6,000, injuring at least 36,000 and leaving some 1.5 million people homeless. - Simply because so many people died.. . 2) October 9: North Korea claims to have conducted its first ever nuclear test. - A new world power might have been born.It's too early to say.  So much crap has happened this year that I need to wait until 12-31-06 @ 11:59 p.m just so I can be sure that I don't speak too soon!LONDON BOMBINGS!!! . . HORRIFFIC EVENTThis link has information on world events that have happened in 2006 so far which could constitute as news.. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006The Iraq War and its various elements eg. the trial of Saddam Hussein. . . Incidentally, the July bombings were not in 2006, and in what parrallel universe do you live in if you think the biggest TV audience determines the most important news event? That would make X Factor the news event of the weekend (in the UK).I think the ongoing problems with the radical muslims have been a big part of my news year. The cartoons of the prophet Mohammed and the completely over the top reactions to them. People died for fu*ks sake! Over a cartoon! (However, an Arabic newspaper was running a cartoon competition taking the piss out of the holocaust, but, of course, its OK for them to do it.) Also the comments from the Pope being taken out of context and twisted by certain groups resulting in churches being burned down in Muslim countries and the shooting of an elderly nun - in the back. Cowards. So many more issues regarding radical Islam too, veils/burqua, faith schools etc etc. And its only going to get worse. Hold onto your hats for an even more terrorised 2007.theres been a new one everyday lol, i can honestly say looking back i dont think there has been a BIG one yetGlobal warming. The enviroment. Everything else is just to distract you from the fact that our planet will be lifeless in ten years.
It is being called torture because the Geneva Conventions, as well as our own laws, have defined such things as torture.  This isn't about politics.  But of course Bush asserts that we do not torture because, by definition, if we are doing it it cannot be torture.  It is the same rationale that led Nixon to say that "if the President does it, that means it's not illegal.". . Remember also that none of these people has even been charged, let alone convicted, of anything.  They are simply being "detained for questioning."  The Pentagon has admitted that most of the people in their "care" are probably guilty only of being in the wrong place at the wrong time. . . If what is being done to the detainees is so benign, then why is it that so many people, including military people, from privates to generals, are objecting to it.  If for no other reason, look at it from a practical standpoint:  if we are subjecting people to ear-splitting noise for hours on end, depriving them of sleep for days on end, beating them, shocking them, starving them, waterboarding them, etc., how can we then complain when some future enemy turns around and does the same thing to captured Americans.  Do you not see the practical dilemma, at least, since you clearly do not see the moral one?The treatment that people (not just Democrats, also independent organizations like the IRC and other rights groups) are against are things that, up until Bush's redefinition campaign, are considered torture. Waterboarding, severe beatings, and who knows what are the acts that should be banned. No one in their right mind thinks that shouting at prisoners is torture. . . Also, remember that the people receiving these treatments have not even been charged with anything, much less convicted. Up until this administration there was a policy, you might have heard of it, summed up in the phrase "Innocent until proven guilty". Under the rules that Bush wants put in place, you could be picked up off the street by the military, shipped off to a black site in who knows what country, tortured, beaten, and brought within an inch of your life (if you survive), without any proof of wrong doing.. . This has happened to a number of citizens, most notable among them being Jose Padilla.. . I believe in justice. If you think someone has done wrong, prove it then you can talk about punishment. I am against allowing one man to be lawmaker, judge, jury, and executioner. That would be a dictator.that is torture. what if someone forced you to listen to music you cant stand relaly loud for hours on end?. plus thats not all they are doing. You ever heard of waterboarding? who knows what else they doOur President is making us all look like the phantom ghosts of his vivid mind in the inhumane and Universally Unaccepted practice of Detention and Interrogation. . When you are 'captured' as a 'suspect' and not allowed to contact anyone, have no legal council and are interrogated for 50+ hours at a time, scream for justice, its not here.Their definition of torture is anything that makes anyone uncomfortable.  Too bad it only applies to the muslim terrorists  and not to us regular peopleThank You!!! It makes me sick that those soldiers were in trouble for what they did...they took stupid pictures of the terrorists naked...so? The terrorists cut off the heads of the our prisoners. I think we treat them better than they deserve. They are prisoners of war.Try it some time.That is only one side of the story on the interrogation techniques.  If you think that is all that is done at gitmo...you are rather niave.thats not all they're doing
Street Crime Out of Control.We're all doomed!Probably 'British athletes fail miserably in Athens olympics - previous liberal government to blame!' Sub headline 'Win a brand new Victorian house'.We are being overrun by foreigners"House prices in south east likely to crash because of bogus asylum claims""Don't buy this paper, it'll only rot your brain"???I would like to think that it was, "Watch out, in future we will come under attack from the Liberal elite and other assorted lefties.". . The type of propaganda that people like 'stepford' have fallen for. Probably brainwashed by teachers/lecturers, BBC et al.MOM!! LOOK AT ME!!
Fueding seems to be intrinsic to humans. We join various clans and then war with other clans, even when we have similar goals... or perhaps mostly when we have similar goals and no obvious opponent to face.. . Just my .01. . -dhthey don't. a lot of times they even have joint podcasts! it's basically the same as ABC and NBC are tv networks.It is something to do.
he was a mentally ill weaklinghe violated colonists rights.. there was The stamp act,boston massacre,taxation without representation,and a lot more problems with him and England. but after the Declaration of Independence colonists broke away from their authority. Loyalists,or tories,satyed with britain and patriots fought for independence.. GL!. ?Because he used to eat grass.
money is worthless. here today and gone tommorow. cant bring it in the world and cannot take it out. about time people start seeing thatYes. It is a form of denial.. . But I think it is also a matter of not having a lot left over. In ninth grade economics class, we learned that there is a limit to the amount of money in an economy. Otherwise the government is printing too much money, and the result is runaway inflation. In any economy, some people will be really good at gathering money up into big piles. If the piles get too big, money gets out of circulation. If money is scarce, then it is hard to save. The trick is to ensure that some of that accumulated money gets back into circulation. That keeps the economy going. The problem is, when you have the big piles of money, you don't want to give it up. Thank heavens we have tax cuts for the rich.we aint got no money to savepeople do save money,bu not the people in the city's ,the reason the country's you mentioned have high savings rating is because its in there blood,they weren't as prosperous as they are now,the the time they were poor they had no option but too save little money they had..  . so it comes automatically through there blood,also there are country's that have higher savings rating than that,but were not surveyed .Because paying for war to prove we are the top dogs of this messed up world is obviously more important than providing a stable living envirionment for retirees.
B/c they r  stupid. They don't care as long as the infidel  is killed. I say nuke them. The world would be better off without them.saber rattling they think fire ring those missiles into the persion gulf where going too move our carriers out of site trust me they could touch one of our carriers with a ten foot pole lolIt's called Sabre Rattling.. . Coalition forces are conducting maneuvers to develop procedures to deal with suspected trafficking of nuclear materials.. . Iran wants to appear to be making a response.Because the US & their client state, Israel are totally threating them, why wouldn't they conduct manuvers. Remember both the USA and Israel have nuclear weapons and it's no wonder when you have so many wingnuts, suggesting that the US should "NUKE THEM", that they want to obtain nuclear weapons themselves.
Because it is a far more complex equation than you think, and not all small fluctuations in the price of crude are readily apparent at the pump. You are forgetting about our woefully inadequate refining capabilities in this country, and a host of other issues which can throw off the supply/demand curve.After election scam.the proffits of the oil companies have been slipping badly during the electionBecause OPEC is adjusting production and financial scales in response to the world supply and demand ratio which is determined by many factors.trickledown economicsOil prices have started to creep back up, over $61,. Thanks mostly to opecThe gas prices have been down for a few months now(compared to the $3 and over mark) but since the election they have started to go back up. Is this because the gov.and oil companies exec. have artificially kept the prices down to try and manipulate the elections? where I live they went up 7cents overnite.Two days later they went 3cents more.gas prices are going downIt's because when the oil companies bought the gas that they have now it was the previous price (higher price).  Chances are you won't see that much of a difference in price in the next couple of months.  Also, if the gas station you're buying from is independently owned or franchised the price might change a bit more than one that's owned by their company.  This is so because they are tryong to "make up" money they are claiming to have lost...  Messed up right? :)I trhink that might depend on where you live. Here in houston gas prices are mostly down under $2.00 stillwhen did it go down five dollars?bcz no body wnats to reduce it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! or we can say public is dam earning high amount of $'s so they dont care wht they are paying for whtcause they've got us all by the short and curlies and they're a bunch of greedy s.o.b.sCompanies want money.
I would assume that the goal of all major News providers is to offer it's audience factual accounts of world and local events that appeal to the masses while remaining impartial. Since there are so many different religions and different views within a religion, religious coverage would contradict their objective and suggest that they are not neutral.Because like everthing else in today's world, it tries to hide itself from this very central issue in most people's lives.. . It tries to appear as if being part of the 'fashion' - the politically-correct of today.. But the politically-correct are not the reality of life!. . And Mr Average Citizen does not fall for political correctness.Politics are important. Sports are entertaining. Religion is neither.Great question! The major religions put out news stories every day, but the major internet news services don't offer it as a seperate section.. . But people can get a little touchy when our media broadcasts the religious message 'cause of the whole secular society thing.. . Doh!
because they ARE!They do.....wow i must not pay attention to people, we just talked about it in class, but nobody treated them like dirty words.People just have different perspectives and feel that if they bash other peoples views that they will feel better about themselves.stop asking this. you are very annoying!It is a short cut to thinking. People who don't look much below the surface like to put ideas in superficial categories. The word liberal has been made to sound like an obscenity by those on the far right. It started with Newt Gingrich. Most of us are somewhere slightly left or right of center. A blanket statement term does not allow for individual differences. Most of have different political views for different issues.  I am for reasonable gun control and a balanced budget, and I favor universal health care. There is no monolithic we. Those of us who disdain the labels prefer to judge the merit of each issue, regardless of conservative or liberal stereotypes.Because the media helps to cause confusion and unrest rather than just report the news- and many people don't do their homework- they decide issues and votes and political beliefs based on unresearched (by themselves) information---its quite disgusting actually. Wouldn't it just be nice to vote for the best one for the job? And have them do the job? How Strange a thought is that?! ;0)Because they have a hard time understanding where the other person is coming from.OK....should I say he "leans to the right" or she "leans to the left"?It may be because liberals are out to make this a socialistic society.. Conservatives go after freedom of the capitalistic goals. Let the market determine the outcome.If they were dirty words, I'm sure Yahoo Answers would asterisk them out.  . . That said, I'm liberal on most subjects and conservatism in general ooks me out.  I can't get behind the ideology that things were better back in some mythical "good ol' days" and that rich people should be supported by a non-interfering government.  I hate the things that have happened under conservative governments and the whole idea seems pretty dirty to me.. . What children are you talking to?  Are you typing while driving, kids kicking the back of your seat?  Did you suddenly lapse into a fantasy world?  Huh?because some people can only think in boxes. I personally have many different opinions and wouldn't dare try to cram myself into one dull box, although I do lean toward a liberal point of view.. . People need to learn to think for themselves!
Send him to prison and put him in with the general population.. . let THEM do the restskin him alive with a butterknifeHang him from a tree...by his balls.Put him in a 12 by 12 room with me and a Wakasashi, I'll show you creative. Death of a Thousand Cuts springs to mind.People like this guy disgust me. . . Personally I would give him a lobotomy and make him live the rest of his life as a retard..  . Honestly what kind of person that treats children that way deserves to have a brain.Especially his own child.  cutting off the appendage won't work because most of these crimes are not of a sexual nature, I'm sure they would find something else to use.i think the man should be hung like sadam hussain is to get hung today. i hope i get ur best answerHang him!. . Not really. A good 25 years in solitary confinement'll do the trick. Although he could go insane.Omg How could he do that to his own daughterI'm so upset over such a horrible act,that's just sad to know there are people like that in the world.  i hope he gets what he deserves and then some. They better lock him up and throw away the key.Oh dear God.... that's disgusting. Poor girl.ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww. no fitting punishment
I'm with jazz man, excuse the pun lolIf you think about it,it's probably not that strange at all.It was a showcase trial,and the Bush administration have got what they wanted.Of course,many Iraqis wanted the same thing,understandably so,but this whole thing was set up by the US.Just look at the timing of the verdict too,in relation to the current US elections.I understand your Point , But ----- Nothing is Strange amongst that Lot.. Lunacy is the order of the daySeems like someone or some people don't want the whole story to come out on the open. Funny that secret files only get released 50 years after been closed. By that time, everyone linked to that is dead or senile. Cover ups, cover ups...they did not defend him vigersly enoughMaybe they just didn't do it for him...and he ordered an "off with their heads" dictum.  Who knows...that's Iraq for you.  He was doing a lot of yelling from that box of his.  I didn't see his lawyers acting up for him.
Cos they havn't got a clue what the weather is going to be tomorrow!Because that way at least they stand a chance of getting something right.I agree as if we really care what the weather was like yesterday..excellent question. but honestly one (or you in this case) should write direct to the TV. or radio stations -- to stop doing this non-sense.i have been thinking also about it but "no action" sorry. it takes time to find their e-mail and the correct person to pass the message that we (i.e.the public) do not care one iota whether or not the weather was OK. yesterday or last year or prior years, what we want to know is to-day. voila...hope you pass the message on. the more the merrier.I Don't think they Know what there talking about half the time.Otherwise the weather news would be really short indeed*** just in case we missed it.  never know, u might've been a coma yesterday and u KNOW when u wake up from a coma it's the weather you're most worried about having missed.  yaaaa, that's it...they do it for all the people coming out of coma's.because that is the only thing they can get correctthats funny...maybe u watch repeats or something! I see the following days forcast.
He is about as important as a fly letting gas in a hurricaneThe greatest wind bag, the greatest drug abuser, the greatest liar? Yes, I would agree with that!!!!!!Storytellers and dealers in fantasy have always been popular, as long as man has lived. The men and women who spun extravagant tales in dark caves are the forerunners of those who spin extravagant tales now. The stories have changed just a bit, but are still hokum, and the hokum man who tells them is still the best show around...For the most part, he has a good following for three basic reasons:  . . a) People are generally willing to believe anything they're told.  Conservatives have a deep need to have their somewhat closed world view constantly reinforced against all the scary change out there in the real world.. . b) He rarely, if ever, provides facts to back up the things he says.  It's quite easy to tell people what they want to hear if you don't worry with sourcing your information.  Remember, Rush is an ENTERTAINER - not a journalist.. . c) He rarely, if ever, acknowledges his mistakes or goes back to correct the record.  See b) above.. . As for the world leader question:  Anyone, conservative or liberal, who has a large following of political zombies will be courted by politicians who stand to gain personally from having them led in his/her direction.  If Rush had no listeners would anyone be bothering with him?  Of course not.There is a big difference between telling people what they want to hear and educating them.. Hes a bull shit artist and has been as long as he's been on national radio.Because he is a babbling fool who must be the illigetimate son of McCarthy. Rush is a moron...but guess what...there are millions of morons in this world.....(Hence the problems) so it stands to reason that those without reason would somehow find a reason to support someone guilty of treason who they think is a patriot and bastion of...........yep.....reason..Rush is the greatest propagandist for the Republican Party, the greatest liar, the greatest snake-oil salesman since before snake oil was invented. Limbaugh's Nazi-inspired propaganda will eventually persuade his 'ditto heads' that it's 'okay' to criticize, abuse, torture, or even kill those who disagree with his political agenda. Those whom Rush hates will include: liberals; homosexuals; welfare recipients; street-corner drug addicts; feminists; non-white no-Christians; environmentalists; poor people; and the sick, the homeless, the hungry, and the disadvantaged.. Of course, they will all be part of the "final solution" just as Hitler killed 6,000,000 Jews as part of his "final solution".. On the other hand, Rush's friends will be part of the perfect conservative world, and will include: pedophiles; corporate welfare recipients; millionaires; white collar criminals; liars; prescription-drug abusers; and anyone who can squander all of Earth's resources in the name of profit; war-mongers; war profiteers; and anglo-saxon white American Christians.  -RKO-When you tell the truth everyone listens!!!!!
the ability to think outside the box, to not follow the pack, to make something that is unique and yet extremely awesome. everyone has the ability, some just use it more than others.i have no idea,only here for the points,taSelf expression.To build on what exists in your mind, or in the world around you, and to express that building in a form that is accessible to the senses of others (e.g. visually, aurally, tangibly ...).Good grief...the ability to come up with ideas that no one else can.The ability to imagine something new and then deliver it in a physical context.Creativity is the use of your mind, not just to 'create' something, but even to envision it.  Creativity can be either an original idea or even a unique adaption of someone else's idea.  Everyone has their own means of being creative.  your question can even be considered creative, since I haven't seen anyone else ask it and it 'creates' a response.That would be, in my point of view, to take something that exists only in your mind and make it real. Be it a book, a "widget", or anything else that you, or other people, could use to save time or get enjoyment from.The manifestation of thought.Doing something for the good of mankind with love and feeling.. Not just "All for the money" or out of spite with anger and hatred on planet earth.To make your life into art. See interesting people, other countries, cultures, absorb what you see and make yourself into a new person, an interesting person. Give yourself the opportunity to bring creativity and ability into everything you do...work, marriage, raising kids. Ars longa, vita breva.
its double standard law and biased law.  i think it bs too i think if a woman does that she should get the same sentence a man would get what makes me even more pissed than that though is watching the news about the teacher that had the "affair" with the student and then got like 1 year house arrest and then right after that news show i mean right after they had the "how to catch an internet predator" on tv and these guys just show up to the house they dont even do anything to the girl and they get 7 to 10 years.  now thats horse shit especially when the teacher before the show had sex with the stuudent and she gets house arrestVery good question.....There is a double standard in the media when it comes to females and males and with races as well. When hurricane Katrina struck New Orleans and people were breaking into stores to eat and survive, white people were getting stuff to survive and black people were looting. When a Adult Male has inappropriate sexual contact with a minor it is rape and when a Adult Female has inappropriate sexual contact it is called Sexual Abuse. They probably think woman wouldn't do something like this and men are more capable. Double Standard has been around for years and until we have someone that can say something about it then it is not going away.its all sexism! but GREAT question, im giving you a thumbs up!It is a old-line sexism that a man cannot be "raped". . It's rare, but it happens, but the media is playing the connotation vs. denotation game with wordsYou are absolutely right. It's not fair.Yes, rape is rape. Even if a minor consents to it, then it is still statutory rape. . . This whole thing sickens me because they act like a woman can't rape a boy, or a girl. If a man was having sex with that boy then they would be certain to call it rape. I have a female sex offender living next door to me, but she doesn't even show up on the sex offenders sites, just the male ones. . . It's a wonder any woman ever gets charged with any crime whatsoever. People always act like the woman is misunderstood or was lured into committing a crime.It's the public perception of gender differences. The public doesn't expect a woman to be able to rape or force herself or someone else. While the public perception of the male is he's bigger, faster, stronger and should be held at a different accountability ration.It's pretty much impossible for a woman to rape a man, that's why.  No man will turn down sex with a woman ever.  When have you ever heard a man cry "rape" when there's NOT a baby involved?I would have loved to get raped in school by some of te pretty teachers.My question is how do you 'force' a male to have sex?. . If you use force it is rape. If you use coercion or seduction it's something else. And that is age dependent. It happens in all stations of life. Bill didn't force Monica but it was still wrong. It wasn't rape but it was wrong. Not the act itself mind you. People do that all the time. It was the superior subordinate relationship.Well, by the looks of some of these teachers that are doing this, I kinda wished I had gotten "raped" in Jr. High.It depends on the state laws
so they dont burn out to fastthey havent got enough time to spendtheir moneyYes.  When you sign on for a job, hopefully you find out what holidays you'll get.  If you don't, you must not be that worried about it.  If you want to work somewhere that obvious goverment holidays, simply change jobs.Government is not a business so doesn't have to cater as much to its customers.  Businesses work holidays because their customers expect it and competitors are available for them to take their business elsewhere.  This is not true with government.
It's his guilty conscience.  You know the saying "the hardest secret to uncover is also the hardest to keep"?  Well he's waited so long to tell everyone his secret about how he killed Nicole and Ron.  The twist is that he's telling it in a hypothetical scenario.He needs the bucks...I won't be buying to put money in his murdering pockets.The book is how he would have committed the murders, "had he done it"...pretty tasteless if you ask me.Oh, please. If he committed the murders, then he could easily lie about what he would do differently. Honestly, I think the book is a stupid idea - he's already cleared innocent, so what's he bothering for? All this book will do is attract more attention to the fact that he could have possibly killed someone.. I have no idea whether he is guilty or not, but for now, he's free. But if he was innocent, why did he make the police chase him for so long? It's suspicious to me.OJ has had plenty of time to put it together, but. Who really wrote the book?WHO CARESOne would think. I am sure there will be some way he makes himself look innocent.There are on ifs - - - he did it.It is going to be a self-exonerating bunch of crap.  But are you really surprised to hear that?. . Good luck!!I think it will be, with a few missing details, so it doesn't sound like a blueprint for murder
You're absolutely right, but U.S. wants to mis-use this subject to stay in Middle East, to sell his weapons, to overcome his problems, to .......it is because US is afraid of any countries who developes nuclear weapon. US wants that only US has nuclear weapon, so that they can control the world esily. . Another thing is that Iran is the country of Islamic people, where Osama Bin Laden can get weapon for the terrorists. It harms to US if the Al-.... have nuclear weapon.yes but at least you would be able to do some damage yourself in returnThe concern is that Islamic Militants will get a hold of nuclear material and use it against Israel. This could happen "tomorrow" in the form of a dirty bomb. Israel HAS nukes and defiantly would retaliate against the supplier.. . See how this escalates things?Iran is not one of the most responsible countries in the World.  We have a moral obligation to look out for others as well as for our own people.  Would you want one of your ten year old neighborhood bullies to carry a handgun to school and be allowed to attend there with your own children?  Would you want a new next-door neighbor to be allowed to cook up Meth in his side yard next to your kitchen?  Think about it as you eat this afternoon or this evening.  Talk to your friends about these.  They are similar in nature to what you are asking about.well im sorry but there is going to be the use of a nuclear weapon and it is going to be  aimed towards europe (a country along the medditeranean) and it will miss and go in the sea instead, killing fish and bringing a new disease, all this will happen in WWIII. be prepared!There are many reasons to be concerned with Iran's nuclear ambitions and i agree, to a certain degree, with the efforts to prevent them from aquiring them..      Iran is not a stable state, not in the traditional sense anyway. It is a theology, ruled by a religious ideology. Religion, coupled with weapons of mass destruction is not a good mix. One of my favorite sayings is that when you think god is no your side you will probably do anything. .      I don't give a crap about Israel. I am sick and tired of those talking about Israel as if it some innocent little child that needs to be protected from harm. Israel has its own nuclear arsenal and those weapons are a main reason that Iran is racing to have its own nuclear arsenal. .      How can you tell the Iranian people (forget their crazy leaders) that you can't have an A-bomb, but Israel can? Israel is not any more peaceful than Iran, most of its wars have been expansionist and aggressive. I said most, not all. Remember that each country or culture look at the world from their own viewpoint..      On the other hand, historically at least, Iran's Persial culture has not, not since the advent of Islam anyway, been expansionist. .      Not to get diverted, i don't think that the present Iranian regime is stable enough to posses nuclear weapons. That is the truth in my view, but that does not mean that Iran in itself can't posses them. To it's north is Russia, to its east Pakistan and India and to its west Israel; all of them nuclear powers. To the average Iranian, when they look at the biggern picture, this is grossly unfair.     .      As for the USA and what it wants. Sadly, it is whatever is in the interest of Israel and this will not change anytime soon.Ok... my presidential aide just woke me from my sleep (remind me to hire women) and informs me that several American commercial airlines flying out of US airports were struck by nuclear-tipped missiles on take-off and landing. There appears to be no survivors and airport ground personnel were reported killed - number of deaths not ascertained for now. All flights were packed with people returning home for Christmas.. . I am not going to put any of my fellow citizen at risk of being blown up with nuke devices. Hell i will be shirking my responsibility if i don't continue to ensure that American citizens enjoy all the freedom that they are entitled to.. . And i definitely don't want my aide (including women) to interrupt my sleep with this kind of news. It would mean i did not do enough to prevent hostile governments from acquiring nuke technology for non-peaceful purpose. Because as you and i know, governments will have unofficial ways to let nuke weapons fall into the wrong hands.I'm concerned too.  The nuclear stuff can get into the air and with the wind it would travel throughout the world probably.Unfortunately, they believe that if Islam comes under near destruction the 12th Imam who fell down a well will come back to lead Muslims into world domination. Almost like a Christ figure. They would most likely launch on Israel and look forward to the retaliation. They want this to happen. So i say if they want the Bomb so bad lets give them a few of ours. We have enough to spare and can delivered in a couple hoursThe thing they really want to do is to destroy Israel, then all hell will break lose, because Israel's existance is sanctioned by THE LORD - read your Bible.  I don't like any of it, but there you go, it ain't my worldthe fact that iran is an unstable nation. and if they fall on hard times, there is no garante they wont sell the weapons to others.Because that's what he wants. He thinks that if he does that his god will come back to earth.because they are crazy enough to use itWell... We don't want to die.... how about you?Preisdent of US or Pres of iran?. . The Pres of Iran is acting stupid - hates Israel - thinks that Iran is supposed to be the leader in bringing forth the 80 virgins and the 'new earth'. . I am very concernedYou're kidding right ? How stupid are you ?
Because the people who support Bush do not see the negative he does. He's on the campaign trail bashing everything and everyone who is a Democrat. Personally, I'm more terrorized by him than the terrorists. I have yet to see a terrorist in my back yard, except the local teenagers.It's typical GOP 'get out to vote' campaign. By saying if democrats take charge they'll support terrorism. He knows the country is close to 50/50 on war on terror. Even if more oppose how war on terror is handled by Bush election will depend on whether those people actually go out to voting booth. Public pole favors democrats, but it doesn't guarantee those people will actually cast votes.I'm pretty well convinced this whole war on terror is contrived, and manufactured. It's all a ploy to push the New World Order police state through. The evidence is just too frightening to ignore.Would be interested in finding out what you are blithering about here at home.You are a very mis-informed person. If it werent for Bush, our grandchildren might be speaking Arabic or something. If it is so bad here, go live somewhere else.How exactly have you suffered?. . Has Bush caused you to lose your job, your house, your freedom...?. . Instead of idiotically buying into the doom & gloom as portrayed in the main stream media (Democrats must try to convince Americans how bad things are, when in fact, most people are better off today than they were 6 years ago), why don't you do some objective research into the American economic condition?
What it says in the Bible, kill the male natives and take their wives and children as chattel,. they are still trying hard to do that, supported by the Americans and too many Europeans as well.. . I think we should treat Israel as we treated South Africa during the apartheid until they stop being the racist, terrorist state they are.Nothing, money talks. .... Palestinians werent against israel sharing the land with them. but invading areas, taking over - taking more , bit by bit - as the years went by.downright unreasonable. before the jewish people claimed israel, palestine was peaceful, christians and muslims living there side by side. all i can say is, the powers that be  - for Jewish people have a really short memory, cos what they are doing now to palestinians , is discrimination, racist, and like an apartheid and exactly what was done to them, but they learnt nothing from it. it really is so sad, no one wants any more people being killed over there.  i really hope and pray , this destruction, animosity , comes to an end. i guess this will only happen on all sides,when people stop being selective about religion, choosing what bits they like to practise, and stop being dictators and start being human again.Had no right at all !! . . Always makes me wonder why the Americans don't do anything about Israel when the Israelis have broken more international rules then any other country since its conception.  Yet Iraq invades Kuwait and its unjustified??  I don't see how the Israelis or Americans can justify themselves.The map of Israel/palestine say's it all :-. . http://zionismexplained.org/map/landmap1.jpgThe west gave Israel that right after they had been discriminated and tormented by Hitler, they wanted to make it up for Israelis on the account of Arabs. If they really wanted to help, they could give them a piece of their own western lands, but of course they would not do so. . Until this issue is resolved, the Middle East will never be at rest because all involved parties feel threatened by the other.Well after the WW2 Europeans felt so guilty for what happened to the Jews that they created a country for them,without caring that in there there were already people living for centuries...without asking the people there if they would accept something like this.... Zionists claimed it is their land 'cos their ancestors lived there 2000 years ago and that the Bible says that God promised them that land...How interesting...wonder if the same arguments would have been used if Israel would have been created in Argentine(it was one of the options).... It's stupid to claim land because an old book which facts we can't prove that are true,says so.... Of course it was not right what happened to Palestine...They had no right!! And it's really funny that in the media it's Israel that is the victim most of the time and you rarely hear or see clips on the damage of Palestine caused by Israeli racist zionists and with the support of it's big brother the zionist occpuied U.S. government and news media.thats life s**t happensIt's been happening since Adam - the stronger army wins.  Quite frankly, there are so many Arab/Muslim lands, why can't the Jews have one little bit of the earth?  . Every country on earth has been invaded - we can't live in the past.  There's a clear need for a Jewish homeland and Israel is their ancestral land.  Just because they were invaded centuries ago, why shouldn't they get their lands back?  They have as much rights as the Palestinians do, and probably as the Canaaites had before the Jews kicked them out.  What would be helpful is if they could live together without bombing each other to pieces.. BTW In Africa, particularly South Africa and Zimbabwe land is being taken from the whites and given to the indigenous natives.  By your argument, this is wrong.Because its theirs! The Arabs came to the middle east in 7th Century AD from what is now Saudi Arabia and took by force the entire Middle East and North Africa. The Jews, like my people the Assyrians, are native peoples who lost their land, and wanted it back. There are no such people as "Palestinians", the people now referred to as Palestinians are simply those arabs who settled in the area known as Palestine/Philistinia. The real palestinians are now extinct, they were settlers from the Agean Islands called the Peleset, the name gradually being changed to Philisinia, and then Palestine. The arabs have been systematically wiping out all other cultures, races, religions and languages in the near east over the last 1400 years, why do you think the vast majority now speak arabic and are muslim?? Look on a map at how much land the arabs have in comparison to the israelis. Look at the treatment of non arab non muslim people in the mid east. The only hope for non arab, non muslim peoples(kuffar, dhimmi as we are insultingly known) is independence, strength and the ability to defend ourselves.hi, they have all rights to take by force something like Palestinian lands that don't belonging to them because they think they're the people of god and all the rest of humans in all over the world should be their slavesever hear of to the winner go the spoils?It's the "Law of Strength" the guy with the big stick nearly always wins.  . . Those that cannot spell loose
The conflict began in 2003 after a rebel group began attacking government targets, saying the region was being neglected by Khartoum.I have always wondered that. I guess it is the peaceful religion of Islam.Because there is a dictator running the country. The country. . of Sudan is responsible for this. Unfortunately the United States. . lies in bed with this country so that we can get info on any. . terrorists in their country or surrounding countries. so these. . innocent people die. We the U.S. should fined other alternatives. . to acquire this info.Like any other dictatorship, it starts with someone wanting all the power.. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darfur_conflict
Because Limbaugh thinks Bush is the second coming of Christ and hates anyone who disagrees with him... and these elections proved that most people disagreed with him.Because although he talks about democracy - he doesn't really believe in it. He wants the power that goes with it and he likes to have his snout in the trough. The privileged few don't like it when the working man and woman nudge them out of the way. Glad to see America starting to wake up from the abomination that is Bush and his cronies.Because he is a shill. His job is to get people to listen to his program.  Simple as that.  The people who listen to his program are worried that a divided government, will spell certain defeat in Iraq, that a Democrat controlled House and Senate will effectively stop all movement in the Government for the next 2 years.  That, like at the end of the Vietnam conflict, the unending hearings and bull headedness of a Democrat congress will portray weakness to our enemies. We will lose many of the benefits of the Tax Cuts that have helped stabilize the economy for the last 6 years.  He is running a Pity Party for his listeners. That is why he is so angry.  He doesn't care who won the election. His show does not depend on Republican victory.
Because from cradle to grave they are manipulated to do so.  The largest most efficient propaganda machine ever invented is the TV.Because the bigger the picture the smaller the problems appear.they believe in that stuff because of the way the media makes it look good and based on the fact that people look at this as being something that will make the country move forward and at the same time stay productive and keep progressing i guess, its kind of hard to explain...
You need to work for the college paper and try and get references maybe a mass communications teacher who can get you a good internship somewhere, you need experience writing for a paper becuase you might be a good writer, but you learn so many things you would have never known. Work on your grammar and networking, also work on reporting, going up to people for interviews is a big part of the job...you will need to be clearly spoken and take charge of the situation, you cannot be shy.A good journalism job, one making over $40,000 a year, depends on talent and connections. Of course, starting out, you'll make in the mid $20,000, and if you are good at your job and have connections you could move upward. If you are so so writer, you'll be stuck at a low pay in some small town. To start out, submit essays to your hometown weekly newspaper. Then ask if you could cover an event. If they like your writing and like you as a person, they might let you cover your first story. Another route, of course, is college. Nothing for sure, however, with a college degree unless you have experience.
To get rid of _all_ foreign armed forces out of Muslim lands. Their presence is seen as a great insult.  Indeed, Muslims have always hated the presence of foreign armies occupying their lands, from the Crusades to the present Iraq situation.he does not like hipocratesThe only thing that unifies the Muslim groups is political hatred towards American culture. Without the USA the Muslims would kill each other. 70% of the university graduates within Saudi Arabia are male theologians that can't find a job and from that base OBL found a pool of followers.We kept blocks his arms sales, US realized too late that he was dangerous and turned against him, then he against USHe is not a sane person.  His brain is jumbled, sort of like Hitler and Saddam Hussein.  How do you explain them?Bin laden turned against US during the gulf war,when US troops were stationed din Saudi Arabia.... Following the first Gulf War, Al Qaeda shifted its focus to fighting the growing U.S. presence in the Middle East, particularly in Saudi Arabia, home to Islam’s most sacred shrines. Al Qaeda vociferously opposed the stationing of U.S. troops on what it considered the holiest of Islamic lands and waged an extended campaign of terrorism against the Saudi rulers, whom bin Laden deemed to be false Muslims.he dont like them women to walk around half neckid
to keep down overhead.The answer to your question is somewhat simple, compare it to a spider's web.  When a spider spins it's web it's goal is to catch as many prey as it's web can handle before it moves on and spin another one.  The druglord (gov) allows drugs to enter this country for the sole purpose of getting as many of us hooked as possible just to put us away, get us hooked and make us believe that we can't live without it, or put us under.  Ask yourself this, how is it possible to find a chemical that could possibly take down a jetliner but we can't stop drugs from entering this country.  The so called street druglord is allowed to gather his followers (street pushers) until someone is due for election, just like gas prices go down when election time comes around, and then jump back up when election time is over,  that's when you see the spider web has to be done away with because it has too many insects (dope addicts and pushers) and someone, be it polititian or anyone fighting for office, mayor, sherrif,etc has to make an example and show to the public that they are cleaning up the streets.  Why are we in Afganistan, for the very same ingredient that we use to make the drugs that we use on a daily basis.  This nation is a drug consumer, they won't let us buy medicine from Canada because that's taking money from our government and making them more powerful. I would go into getting very deep with this subject but I don't have much time.  Good question though!Unfortunately it is capitalism and that's where the money isThey are getting rich,tax-free.Cause thats where the $$ is.Because the cops don't do nothing about itBecause the Police don't do anything about it.Because that is where the most loyal customers are.  Always go to your customer base and make it as convenient as possible for them to get to you when you are trying to make money.
Nixon was a paranoid person.  His re-election committee knew this, so without his knowledge, they began spying on the democratic oppositionl  The Watergate Hotel is where the Democratic National Committee was housed, so Nixon's men hired other men, "The Plumbers" to break in and find some info.  Some think it was b/c a leading democrat has evidence of an affair with a prostitute, and they wanted to smear him, but that hasn't been proven.  So, they got caught (remember Forest Gump) and then Nixon used his power as president to hide the break in.  If he would have just admitted that his folks did it and that they should go to jail, no one would have cared.  But he was paranoid, and got all screwed up .  Just as if Clinton had said, "Yeah, we had sex." No one would have cared.Well, it all began with a president who was always fond of trickery, was rather paranoid, and quite greedy who, to boot, had very poor ethics and morals.  . . Look up Evelyn Gahagan Douglas and how she lost that election to "Ticky Dick"  Tricky Dick wasn't his long-time nickname for nothing.  Nor was his re-election committe (created using the acronym "CREEP" for nothing.  I not sure that truer titles and "honorifics" were never born before or after the likes of Tricky Dick.President Nixon wanted to protect this country from Communist, and when he got a line on there activies he was checking it out. So when the communist found out he was checking on them out all hell broke loose.Basically one of the best Presidents we ever had went down because he covered up for some screw up amateurs.He won the election by 49 states .They didn't need to do it but they did.Too bad.
contemporary TV is dead, has been for a long time,no srry, didn't even know what contemporary television is... what is it?they may be refering to broadcast versus cable tvContemporary television is whatever is "hot" for the moment. The shows that entertain according to a current social fad.. It is like "60 minutes" vs. "the O.C"-one has longevity while the other serves to entertain while it is still popular.Current shows , whats on tv these days . Look at the listings , channel surf and you have your answer. I would exclude historical channels , for obvious reasons .
1) Find a cause or reason to write. 2) Start with "Dear Editor" and go from there. Depending on the paper size, you may be limited.. 3) Sign your name.. 4) Send in to newspaper.wenever u read any newspaper there is an email id of the editor, so feel free to write watever u want to say. . to write an editorial u need to have a topic with all the statistics & data(shud be accurate) den write a copy to the editor, dis z upto his discretion to select dat article for the publishing & make sure everything u write shud have a proper beginning, middle and endIt is important to make your letter as biased as the particular paper you are writing too.Turn to the editorial page.  find the little pargraphic that says how to contact us.   then you write the letter and send itUsuy under the edditoral colouma it has a website or a place you can mail it too.
the results will be highly classsifiedclassifiedPresident Bush attacked Iraq on the basis of a UN backed team's study report which is claimed to have confirmed that Saddam is planning to make chemical and other banned weapons, against the directive of the UN, after his Kuwait attack. Now, it is presumed by many that Bush had doctored the report and used that as a pretext to attack Iraq and dethrone Saddam, widely perceived as a potential threat to American interest. Now, that Bush's strategy in containing Iraq and the Talibans in Afghan including that of capturing Osama remains a distant dream, the people are enchanted with him. Many want to rake up the issue of the report about Iraq now.
Sell the trailor and buy a house.  Make sure you have good insurance.  Please be careful during the hurricane season...We still want our chicken boy around for the next season.Build it 30 meters down like one of those nuclear bunkers, have 1 meter thick concrete walls and 12 inch solid steel doors. Also install CCTV cameras and infrared motion sensors. Build yourself an army of androids for extra security and arm them with phasers set at level 9 (vapourise).Nah, move back into public housing.  Tornadoes rarely hit "brickcity" and besides if they do, the government will throw wads of money at you.What you fail to recognize is that God trashes trailer parks for a reason.  Just move the computer back into your little coop and you'll be fine.You shouldn't need to dig the moat, just watch for the start of a new sinkhole, and pull the trailer to the edge of it...look out! Giant ant lions!Move.1. Don't sleep with your next door neighbor when the wife is working the third shift at Denny's. . . 2. Remove the 1967 Chevy car door from your front lawn. . 3. Don't tease the pit bull. . 4. Do not store your rifle ammo in your child's bedroomJust use anti theft technology like in Mexicoto prevent trailerpark disasters, you must follow the rules, or else...#1-being a sibling is just a formality to sex, #2-open beer cans with the one good tooth, and #3-if aint broke, dont piss on it.set the shields to Maximum powerYou need to hire armed security.  Hire at least 100 of them to march around the perimeter of your trailer 24/7.  No breaks.  Install security cameras, if need be.  Good luck.Move into a stone houseDont live in trailer park! work you chicken butt off and get a house or apartment.Just move out of that dumb trailer park. and move into a nice expensive mansion.gather your sis, cousin, and girlfriend up and take her someplace safeTie downs. I know over the years they have came up with more way to protect trailer. I would think.. If someone lives in a trailer and a tornado comes better get out and find a hole or a ditch or you'll get blown away...... Who's the Black Knight?. I better go google to see. ?First install a gaint steel dome over it making sure it also has a steel floor under everything then dig the moatyah, what rab says...i can't top that!ummm... i have to agree with sherbear... rabs answer is the best!If you survived your sink hole issue from the other day, turn the sink hole into a tornado shelter.
Try Suffolk Records Office the will have all the details there which are open to the public.. . Also try the libray as they will have the news articles for that period too.Why not try putting muder 1970 suffolk in the search bar and se what it comes up with?Looked on the web and found the following:. . Broadmoor torturer to be given days out  . ... David Cheeseman, 54, now known as David Lant, is currently held at Nottingham, a category B jail, but ... They subjected David Francis to escalating levels of violence for nine hours .... . but I could not get onto the website.. . If you say these things happened in the 70s then perhaps you could contact some Suffolk newspapers and see what they have on the case.   They must have, if it is the case I found.   Mind you, I am sure Suffolk does not have many murders!   The paper I found was the East Anglia Daily Times.   Perhaps they can help you.. . Nosey parker time - why do you want to know about a 30 year old murder?Try your local library. They may hold records of trails that occurred around that time so you might be able to get more information from there.
something was buggin him so he went for water...... . why do geese cross the road?To murder the idiot on the other side with the gall to still be telling this joke.Geez, guys, how many times a day does someone post this worn-out question.   Get a NEW one!To show the armadillo how its done.Cause the other side had the only sidewalk.To get away from the farmer who wanted him for dinner.because the chicken was tied to my bumper'cause that's where her lunch went!to get to the other sideThe colonel was chasing him. (KFC)The chicken crossed the road, because the road intersected with the predetermined path the chicken was already on.  Not a matter of why.....but rather why not.It didn't crossed the street was too hot she could get burn . lolit was running away from its owner and its inevitable doomWhat chicken? What road? What were the conditions surrounding the event? I'd need more data.because he didn't like your house....so he had to cross the road to get to mine!!To find his head inside Alice Cooper's mouth.It is because there was a hen on the other side! lolTo prove to the raccoon that it COULD be done!To die. Alone. In the rain.To get to the other side...that's why anything crosses the road.He was lost and wondering around so he thought his home was on the otherside. but it wasn'tBecause its owner (Old McDonald) was online answering questions on yahoo answers, and didnt realize one of his chickens had gotten loose.Who gives a cluck?It was easier than crossing the river.. (An awful lot of people don't seem to know that chickens are female. Hey, why do you think they call girls, chicks???)to see a prostitute and get laid.To take out that stupid PIG for getting named..."THE OTHER WHITE MEAT"....she was doing great till that happened.The chicken cross the road because he needed to get to the other side.???????????To get to the other chicken :)Chickens have smal brains and do not know why themselves.Domestic chickens are divided into two types, the overbred leghorn crosses which are too lazy to cross the road and  the other breeds (like 'heavy' hens) which are generally brown egg layers and have at least some sense.  In general, they are only interested in a few things: food, water, shelter(nesting site), reproduction, protection of chicks, and escape from predators.  I'll go with the last category and guess that the answer is to escape the ghost of colonel Saunders.She wanted to go to the rooster's house on the other side.to get to the Democrat conventionIt was the cat.  The cat chased the chicken across the road.  I'm a witness.  The real mystery that remains is, who killed C0ck Robin?
1 minute longer than 156 minutes and 1 minute less than 158 minutes.. . 157 minutes is equal to 9,420 seconds, and 2 hours 37 minutes.2 hours and 37 minutes.. . Harry Potter and the Goblet of fire, incidentally, is also 157 minutes.2 hrs 37 mins. The run time of Superman Returns.Some Minutes Dah
It isn't alright to burn a flag unless it has touched the ground and is burned in the proper way.  Now being that we can't seem to keep anything in America American anymore I feel that since it is now "okay "to burn a flag then I must let it be known that I personally see burning a flag a threat to me so I have the right to defend myself and beat the living "ish" out of the burner.... but that is just me.  And that is my rightI think it is totally okay to burn any country's flag.  The burning of a flag is an expression of dislike or disagreement of what that flag and the country it represents, symbolises - and that's the point - it is only a symbol or a representation.  In a free and democratic society, freedom of expression should be available to all, even if it does not support your point of view.   It is okay to burn a flag, not okay to burn, bomb or hurt people.  Nice to know that in a free society you can have the choice to burn or to proudly fly any symbol.Do not remember the Supreme Court case from my Media Law class, but flag burning constitutes free speech - it is a protest, and nothing more. Like wearing flag neck ties or underwear (our flag? as mere DECORATION???), there is nothing to prevent -nor, in my opinion, SHOULD there be - a person from using this design as a means of expression.. . Burning a flag is means of expression that many of us find distasteful. But our constitution allows for even unpopular expressions to contribute to the public discourse. Similarly, you can criticize the president, write a nasty letter to your newspaper editor, or support an unpopular religion or local cause, as long as it does not intrude on someone's civil rights.. . It may be distasteful, but some political protest can be too. Free speech is judged too important for the Republic to begin chipping away via well intentioned but broad-reaching amendments.. . Hope this helps.It is protected under the 1st amendment, Free Speechno, it's not all right to burn any flag at that! but thos who hate America choose to do so, although they would hate it if another country burned their nation's flag. all around, it's just wrong!The American flag means so many different things to people.  Some revere it as an almost holy symbol of our American values, while others see it just as a cloth flag. . .  I think that if you are an American citizen and you want to burn the flag...go for it.  That is one of the gifts we have by being an American...expressing ourselves.  But, if you are a foreigner, especially living in America and you burn the flag...they should be able to deport you.  You, not being a citizen, don't share the same privileges we citizens do.  For non-citizens, burning the American flag should be illegal and grounds for removal from our country.. I think that every American should sit down and reflect on what it means to be American.  Think back to our high school civics classes and reflect on all the privileges and responsibilities we have just by being American.  More than ever, now is the time that each one of us must decide if those privileges are important.  If they are important to you, then be cautious in who you chose to lead our nation.  Peace.My question since I was thirteen is, if you dont want it burned why havent you made it flame-retardant?The only time it is really ok to burn the American Flag is if it is damaged and then it should be done by the proper authorities, veterans groups for example.Part of freedom of speech is the right to speak out against the flag as a symbol of our country.  I think its stupid, but that's the way it is.It Isn't.Because it is in or constitution.  Under the liberty of free speechOnly when the flag has deteriorated beyond usefulness.many Americans have given their lives to protect your free speech. What if I want to hang George Bush's photo on the wall and throw darts at it? Will you have a problem with that. Maybe soon we won't be able to say anything about our politicians because it will be considered un-American and unpatriotic.To the best of my knowledge, it is ONLY acceptable to burn the flag in a ceremony that demonstrates the proper way to dispose of a flag that has become ragged, torn or tattered.  It is the proper way to dispose of the flag so that noone else can bother it.. I learned this ceremony from the Boy Scouts of America and the local Vietnam Vets in my town.  They hold this ceremony once a year!I would never do it myself, but it does show the rest of the world that we take all of our freedoms seriously; right or wrong.Anyone raised with Honor and Respect  would not consider burning our flag  alright.. to many have died to defend it whether the politics were right that sent them to die or not.It is not!!i dont think it ok to burn the american am happy to live in american because this is our countryi dont believe it alright 2 burn our flag we need 2 stop thisIt's not alright with me.  I think it's very disrespectful to our country and the people who have fought to maintain our freedoms.. . However, according to our wonderful Constitution, we have the freedom of speech which includes freedom of expression.   We must not start taking away our basic freedoms because of personal distaste.  Once freedoms start eroding, they will soon be gone and our lives will be under dictatorship instead of democracy.. . It is not against the law to burn our flag.  Hopefully, it would not be something many would choose to do, however.Some feel is is treasonous to burn the flag. Some think it legitmate expression to point out when things have gone extremely wrong, like when Congress waists time on frivolous amendments during a time of great, multiple national crisis.I think it is bad to burn the American flag in a dishonorable way, and I think it should be illegal, but the government should worry about it at a time when there's not more important things going on. I'm glad the ammedment to outlaw flag burning failed, because I think it was just a distraction by the Bush administration to try to gain support and get people's attention off of the whole Iraq thing. Things like the conflict in the middle east, social security, and millions of Americans living without access to health care are much more important issues for our overpaid, stupid, lazy congress to be worrying about than something as relatively harmless and cosmetic as flag burning. It's so ridiculous, flag burning! Destroying a flag! The government should stop being so worried about anti-Americans destroying a cloth flag and start worrying about anti-Americans destroying so many American soldiers in the middle east! The U.S. government needs to get their priorities straight and start worrying about American people, not American objects!flag burner should be shot on the spot. try going to another country and doing it.it isn't at all alright to burn the american flag it is a symbol of of nation and freedomWhen protesters burn American flags — something that, by the way, happens exceedingly rarely in this country — they mostly demonstrate what idiots they are. But they also demonstrate the fundamental vitality of this country. In this country you can burn the flag and nobody will arrest you; that stark fact is part of what makes America a great nation.. . Totalitarian countries place symbols on legal pedestals, because there's no other way to inspire reverence for them. Free countries let their symbols earn respect, and recognize that freedom includes the freedom to spit on the symbols of that freedom.Because burning the American flag in protest is a right that is granted to us in the constituition. Our forefathers who wrote the constitution and granted us the liberties that we enjoy today,  burned the English flag themselves in protest.  The American Flag is just a symbol, and to limit one's ability to burn the flag (even if you disagree with their cause/reasoning) is more a violation on the principals of the freedom then burning the flag itself.Its only okay if the flag is very worn and damaged."`The flag, when it is in such condition that it is no longer a fitting emblem shown for display, should be destroyed in a dignified way, preferably by burning.' 36 U.S.C. 176(k). ". . "The act of burning an American flag is not inherently evil. Indeed, the Boy Scouts of America have long held that an American flag, `when worn beyond repair' should be destroyed `in a dignified way by burning.' Boy Scout Handbook at 422 (9th ed.). ". . "The old soldier whose last wish is to be cremated with a prized American flag fast against his breast would be deserving of respect and admiration, rather than condemnation. ". .   The above quotes are from the Library of Congress. My opinion is that people need a method of non-violent protest to use to express the fact that they feel disenfranchised or that our government has desecrated the principals and dignity of our country, its people, and its standards. Since burning a flag is an acceptable way to dispose of it, it should not be that offensive of a way to protest the government behind it (current elected officials). Consider that they are not defiling it by soiling it or worse nor are they using it as part of a display, such as a poster, where it is mocked in this case. Consider, alternately, that people are wearing the American flag as underwear; mass producing American flags for profit (exploiting our flag and our patriotism) both in America and in countries like China; and corporations are flying over-sized American flags to show their prowess yet they are too cheap to take them down at night or in bad weather and continue to fly them worn, faded, and tattered.. . Do you fly right?. http://www.flagandbanner.com/fab/flag.asp?cpage=etiquette1&source=google. . Does this fly with you?. http://www.washingtonpost.com/ac2/wp-dyn?pagename=article&contentId=A44591-2003Aug25. http://www.nyfirepolice.com/american_flag_-_patriotic_panty_thong.asp. http://www.shop.com/op/~Shoe:_American_Flag_Thong_Slippers-prod-8724837. http://www.cafepress.com/buy/patriotic/flag/-/pv_design_prod/pg_1/p_storeid.21542350/pNo_21542350/id_7205265/opt_/fpt_/c_/hlv_t. http://www.shop.com/op/~All_American_Flag_Boxers_for_Children-prod-27547813. https://discovercardapplication.com/default.aspx?cid=53440&uid=7c45e5502006b1060d28097a105b54It depends on whether you are talking about flag ediquette or applied law. Under flag ediquette, the burning of a flag is the proper way to dispose of a weathered, torn, or soiled flag..  As far as the legality of flag burning goes, the Supreme Court has held that flag burning is freedom of expression, protected by the first ammendment. This is however dependent on the circumstances. For example, you can burn your own flag, but you can't burn someone else's flag.Because true freedom is the right to express our objection to a given idea, even if the expression of that objection is the buring of the flag in protest.  Freedom has been bought and paid for, our brand of freedom does not exist anywhere else.  We must support each others right, to have a voice.  I love the flag, like everyone else here, but it is a piece of cloth.  It is the idea behind the flag that is precious.  1stSgt, USMCRet.there is a difference between not allright and illegal.  burning any flag is intended as an insult, like a one finger salute or spitting.  not okay, but should you go to jail or be fined for it?  some say it is a matter of freedom of expression, a principal that most democracies place high on their list of rights.Because, it is entwined with our basic constitutional right to freedom of speech. There is no way to make this act illegal without impeding upon those rights. People may disagree with the practice, but again, they are able to do this because of their constitutional rights. Are those who oppose the government or it's current actions any less justified in wanting to practice their freedoms than those who do agree?As Americans we are guaranteed certain rights under the Constitution. The most important of these is the freedom of speech. A Constiutional amendment banning flag burning is another step towards killing this freedom. I don't personally burn flags but I should have the right to make a political statement if I so desire.NO, it is NOT all right to burn USA flag out of hatred or reckless because it is against the law. It was written in grandfather's clause and in consituation, too.  I am very proud of American flags. It represent that we are in free country. If a person wants to burn the American flag, she or he should be thrown in jail.  Only military people who are in charge of burning American flags when the flags are torn or can't be used anymore. It is more honorable that way.The only time it is alright to burn the American flag is if it is done respectfully because the flag is worn out and needs to be disposed of. There is a proper way for this to be done and your local V.F.W. will usually do this for you. .  As for burning flags to protest or riot or any other reason, that is not O.K.! It is wrong and should be an offense that is punishable by law. I feel that if anyone hates this country that much, they should leave! We all get angry and upset about things that happen sometime, but you don't turn against your country because someone does something that you don't like. It is disgusting to me to see a flag treated so disrespectfully! I just don't understand how anyone can claim to be an American and then burn an American flag!While I do not plan on burning any flags, from any nation any time soon, I do love my counrty (I am American) and the things that have made this country a great place to live are based upon the freedoms guaranteed by our Constitution and Amendments.  The freedoms of speech and expression preserve individual's rights, even to the point of burning a flag as a demonstration.  If they bought the flag, and are not burning it in a manner inconsistent with the law and public safety, they NEED to have that right.  And I need to have the right to explain my point of view to them without fear of reprisal.. . I know not every person in the world would agree with my statement about this country being a great place to live, that is my opinion based on what I know of other nations.  I am very thankful that I am allowed to express my opinion without fear of retribution or prosecution from any agency or government.The only  time it is all right to bun the flag is WHEN IT IS DAMAGE  AND UN REPAIR ABLE OTHER THAN THAT IT IS NOT ALRIGHT TO BURN THE FLAGIn America we are allowed to say what we believe.  Even if it is offensive to others.  We can not make laws that prevent people from saying unpleasant things.  The flag is a symbol, just a symbol of the USA.  If some one is upset at the policies or directions of the US, than they can express that though by say the country has lost it way or integrity.  One way to say that is to burn the flag.  . . We can not stop people from criticizing the government.  If we do than it is a short road to tyranny.  Of course there are many ways to express your criticism, but for a TV generation Flag burning  shows up well on TV.for one thing, burning is the only approved way to properly dispose of a worn out, torn, faded, or otherwise defaced flag. it is done at a respectful ceremony, and is actually very touching. for another, flag burning as a political statement is just that: a statement. an expression of one's views. therefore, it is permissible under the first amendment. whether or not it should be done is another issue entirely.it not right to burn the america i put my flag out every day for the troop that are in fright for are live that what i like about the flag people the burn the american should paid for the flag and spend time in jail for burning the america flag all over the worldYou know what?  Who cares really, I mean, go to the store and get another one.  It doesn't really prove anything. The only thing it does is show how people with too much time on their hands can do.  Someone burning the flag doesn't make me any less American, nor does it upset me, cuz there are people out there that are molesting little children that need to be dealt with. Let em burn it...I'll go catch the real bad guys.. . Air PowerBecause it is supposed to be a symbol of freedom. What freedom? Little by little our freedom is being taken away, anyway. Why not the freedom of expression too.Because burning a flag is free speach.  We don't need an ammendment against it.  It is not exactly a big problem.  When was the last time someone burned one in your neighborhood?  It is just a phony political ploy to get the voters' mind off how the Republicans are turning the U.S. into a third world country.The flag is a symbol of our freedom in America, freedom that many people have died to protect. While it may be disrespectful, it is that same freedom that allows people to burn the flag and limiting our freedom at all just makes us a little less American.My personal view is that it is not OK to burn the flag.  It angers me greatly to see those in other countries do it.  However, to some extent I do understand those who are in this country and choose to use that as their expression of being dissatisfied with the way the country is run.  DO NOT get me wrong, I do not condone their actions, but I do understand that they are so very immature and closed minded that they are unable to find away of voicing their dissatisfaction in a more productive way.  . . For those individuals who are in this country and choose to burn the flag as a way to anger society should choose to live in a different country, perhaps one that would appreciate the burning of the flag..... Oh wait, that would mean moving to a very closed minded country that doesn't have the "luxuries" that we all take for granted, they simply want the best of both worlds and should be deported or shot.  . . I may not agree with a lot of things that today's government does in this country, but I have a great deal of respect for those who fought for our freedom and independence a few hundred years ago.  . . I find it much simpler to get my point across by voting and using words rather than actions to get my point across.  Others may not agree with my views, but my point gets across much more clearly than if I chose to burn the flag.IT'S NOT....I find flag burning obnoxious, but I'm more concerned about Congress's picking and choosing what they call free speech than this specific issue. For instance, why is McCain/Feingold's campaign finance reform bill not a restriction of free speech? Why is controlling crowds protesting at abortion clinics not restriction of free speech? Why is it OK to teach about the Islamic law OK in elementary schools but not Christianity?. . I would just like to see some consistency from our leadership.Let me start by saying that other than to properly dispose of a flag, I myself would never burn one.  That having been said, while flag burning is disrespectful to the flag, country, etc. it is a method of expression.  Freedom of speech, expression, etc. is not just important.  It is the FIRST right of the Bill of Rights.  . . Just after the Constitution was drafted and released a group of people felt that it was not enough.  They wanted to see key rights protected and felt that the document as written didn't address these sufficiently.  From this group sprang forth the first 10 ammendments to the Constitution.  The Bill of Rights.  NUMBER ONE on that list was freedom of speech, the press, expression, etc.  To me this means (and I think to them as well) that ANY thought or idea can be expressed so long as in doing so no harm is caused to people or property.  . . This is the same kind of issue that comes up when groups distasteful to many want to march down Main St.  Frankly I don't want to see the Nazi's in my town, unless it's down at the morgue.  But I will FULLY support their right to march.  For once you say that ONE thing is not allowed.  ONE thing is too distasteful, where do you draw the line?  Who draws the line?  The answer is there can never be a line.  For once drawn it can be moved, and "one" thing will become two, then four then ten, etc. . . Is the flag special?  Yes.  Should it be treated with respect?  Yes.  Is it the symbol of our country?  Yes.  And as a symbol, it is I think the greatest test of our own ideals that we allow people to burn the flag as they see fit.  In the United States no person, and no object shall be placed above the law.  The Constitution will ALWAYS come first.as a means of disposing of the flag...and the ashes are supposed to be buried...i'm a veteran of the armed forces and served my time, so i can say this, the american flag as a symbol for this country is fine with me, this country is a good one...with the exeption of those people out there who doesnt want to do anything exept take advantage of others, most people in this country are good people...but the government is what really messes this place up...freedom?...what freedom?...it seems that in this country, the more money you have the more freedom you have...just as long as you appease the government officials...which includes your judicial system...you have enuff money you can kill somebody and get away with it...just ask o.j. .....so you figure where your freedom is at...try going to another country and telling them your american, youre met with mixed responses...it's not.Burning the flag is a right to a basic American freedom, freedom of expression. . If you make it illegal you are also setting the tone for convictions for 'crimes against the government' including speaking against the administration that it seems 70% of Americans are doing right now aren't they? . How do you keep your freedom of speech, freedom to THINK what you want, SAY what you want and yes, even EXPRESS it the way you want if you fight the right to burn the flag? You can't pick and choose what actions are appropriate, freedom of speech and freedom of expression cannot be censored or work on a 'majority rule' platform.. . Just because it offends YOU, doesn't make it wrong. I believe THIS is the basis for the freedom act??It's not alright.  There is freedom of expression in every form known in the US but Why Burn the Flag and show contempt and ignorance before the world to witness.  . . It sickens me as a Soldier.
Can't say for sure since you didn't say where you are. Celsius works easier in scientific, technical communities because it is easily converted to Kelvin (just add 273.15 to the Celsius number to get Kelvin), whereas a more complicated conversion is required for Fahrenheit. U.S. tried to convert 30 years ago, but the movement lost momentum and so most temps are in F.As far as I know, pretty much everybody else in the world except the U.S. converted to metric decades ago.  I can remember reading an article when I was a kid that said that the U.S. would be switching over by 1973.  I guess we are a little behind schedule.  There is something to be said for uniformity, and metric is not so difficult to learn, so the question is why we never changed over.  Because we are stubborn and don't give a damn about the rest of the world.  About the only times you will see the metric system used here is in science (because scientists are rational and recognize themselves to be part of an international community) and manufacturers who have realized that they can charge the same for a slightly smaller package in metric units than for a similar package in standard units(750 ml. instead of a fifth for liquor, 1.75 l rather than a half gallon for ice cream, etc.)Because we have a forward-thinking government that realized that to do business elsewhere (Europe, Asia - everywhere except the US pretty well!), we would need to know metric as it is the system of commerce and science.  It has always been the system of science, and it is easier to use becaus everything is measurable in 10ths - not 1/8ths or 7/16ths (god help me!).It's only another way to try to be different(not better,just different).US is now F to C----Congress considers it another form of "deregulation".  In US when something works good, Telephone,electricity, natural gas, trucking, trains--Deregulate.  F works better than C deregulate, quarts better than liters deregulate, etc, etc
He's not retiring. It's just that he is spending more time with the Charity Organization he has made with his wife. I met him the other day and I asked him the same question and this is the answer he gave to me.With his money, why not?  He can not spend what he has so why not retire and do what he can to help others and the world with his foundation.When it comes the Microsoft, he's been there and done that. He can quite confidently leave the welfare of this business in the hands of the thousands in his employ. He wants to focus his energy on the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, the largest charitable organization of its kind in the world.To spend  more time with his family and friends.The man has made billions and that is very time consuming! I hope he thinking it's time to sit back and enjoy it for not only his sake but his familys too!He has a great foundation to run - I like that he's decided to concentrate on that.I'd retire also if I had 52 billion dollarsWhy not? Besides, his wife probably told him to.to spend more time with his and Linda's charities world wideBecause he has more money than God? I would have done it a long time ago.to work in his and his wife's philanthropic organization, so he can give his money awayTo focus on his philanthropic endeavors and to blaze new trails!He is realizing that now that Mac's can run windows, the rest of the world will realize how much more productive they can be with the Mac OS and his stock will plumit. And he and Steve Jobs will open a Tasty Freeze and retire together.Because he has been overtaken by his creation. Microsoft Windows has become cognitive and self aware....we are all in trouble. He has the money and resources to move to a desert island where there is no technology. The majority of us, however, do not. We are all doomed.he would like to be involve in philontropic field more.Bill gates might be retiring from Microsoft, but he is not one to retire from the great guest  for the survival of mankind, he has dun all he can do with computers. With his clout / respect and ma by even all that money, he can convince world leaders, to put into affect the use of already existing concrete building , sol er energy collection fiber optic lighting technology's, just to name a few be for it is to late, who knows just one of these new, and not sow new technologies could save billions in the future.Because he is going to spend more time giving money to his charities.. I guess when you have like 100 billion dollars, giving away even half of it wouldn't even make a dent.He is not retiring but will be spending more time with his charitable foundation.He is probably bored and needs a change.  His choice of working with the foundation he and his wife started will be very fulfilling for him.Since his friend, Warren Buffett is donating a ton of money to his foundation, I believe he is retiring from Microsoft to spend time working for his foundation.   The monies from Buffett were most likely contingent on his working with the foundation full time.He came into this world with two empty hands and will be leaving with two empty hands when expiry date is due.. So he cannot leave with all that he has.. The purpose of life is to find and answer a piece of question on "who are you" left behind by our creator on planet earth.. The ticket pass for each and every living human kind to find their way back to our creator on planet earth.. Is copyrights Act. serving any good purpose for the good of mankind on planet earth or the good of one man?To devote more of his time to working with the Gates Foundation.He's not retiring. He'll continue to work part-time at Microsoft and work full time with the charity organization he started with his wife.. . I think its wonderful that he can sit back and concentrate more on the good of the world at this point in his life rather than try to milk Microsoft for all he can. (I should say milk the consumers of Microsoft products)If you had a fraction of his money, wouldn't you retire? He is spending his time giving away money.why not he's trained all his pet monkeys to give him money for his inferior product, he'll keep making money after he's dead, why work for it!He is stepping down from his position as CEO so that he can devote more time and energy to charity and other philanthropic endeavors.He is not retiring, just cutting back on his hours at Microsoft. He will still be there about 20% of the time and the rest of the time he will work at his foundation (trying to improve the world).I think he just realized he doesnt need to work anymore.To spend more time focusing on the mission of his foundation which is about ready to receive about 24 billion dollars from Warren Buffet, the 2ND richest man in the world.  The grandfather of 60  will be gifting the bulk of his estate, to the foundation with a mission focus on sick and underprivileged children.He's eligible for Medicare.Would  multi billion dollar, pound, euro and swiss franc accounts, hidden far away from the IRS, in a comfy swiss bank,  be a sufficient reason for you?He needs to spend more time with his ugly wife....Not retiring.. just step down as the CEO  of Microsoft.He wanted to to spend his time and concentration to fight malaria and AIDS in Africa.. WHAT AN AMERICAN?!!!Because he can...  :>does he need a reason?working with not-profit organizationto combine other incometo devote his time to the bill & melinda gates foundationto help and assist in education and medical resources in south africahttp://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/5085444.stmTo spend time with charities that he likesTo devote more time to his foundations.To spend more time with his charities.spend more time with his organizationswhy does he need to keep working?Maybe he feels that he will be very very comfortable with his investments in Microsoft when he retires. Now he is retiring and wants to help USA people with his charities.  Maybe he wants to spend more time with his family and relaxing. He is not getting younger.Why not?! He has all of this money and he spends it like we spend $1.  Hoe much more money does this man need???So he can focus on his charitable foundation while others run the company he co-founded and guided to industry dominance and vast personal wealth
Because the United States isn't the one putting him on trial.  Iraq has him on trial for the crimes he committed against humanity in Iraq.  They're also trying to keep the charges as simple and few as possible so they can hurry up and hang him.  Think about the Milosovich trials and how they tried him with every last thing he did; he was dead from his age before it was over.He is being tried by an Iraqi court, thus he is currently only being charged w/ crimes against the Iraqi people. In the future (if he isn't executed for those crimes) he may face international charges.Because the US has to get in line behind everyone else. Saddam has committed so many horrendous crimes against his own people, they get first dibs!. . Don't you ever watch the news.....or are you too anxious to bash America????????Liberals like yourself always see the glass as half empty, instead of half full.  Why should those charges even be addressed?   Answer that one?. The man will fry for his past war crimes alone.  We discovered mass graves filled with over 300,000 bodies last year alone.    We know he gassed the Kurds, (BTW,  Poison Gas is a WMD).   We know he gassed his own.  We know he gased Iranians during their war.   We know he attacked Kuwaitt to control their oil.  We know his sons operated rape and torture rooms.   Look,  nobody is arguing that he was a brutal tyrant that broke 17 U.N. resolutions.  He has no defense and he knows it.   He will be found guilty and hopefully executed for his crimes in an Iraqi court.   . . You want to bring up those other charges for purely political reasons because you hate the U.S.  People like you would rather blame the ills of the world on Bush, instead of on people like Saddam and Bin Laden.  If 2,500 soldiers die in this war its bad,  but millions of dead Iraqi's at the hands of Saddam is ok with you.   You just dont care anything about anyone but yourselves and your puny politics.  That is why Liberal Democrats are losing in all facetts of government,  and why you will continue to lose.   I used to at one time support Democrat causes,  when they had them.   Now I dont see anything on your plate except bash Bush and embarass America.    No reason to vote for any Democrat,  and no reason to respect any Liberal.   . . Good luck in your witchhunt.   Not!!!!the usa was the origional seller of weapons to him
Okay, so why is this in current events? But because I'm a nice person, I'm going to help you out anyway. ;). . 4 cups cake flour . 4 teaspoons baking powder . 1/4 teaspoon salt . 1 cup unsalted butter, softened . 1 3/4 cups white sugar . 6 egg yolks, beaten . 2 teaspoons vanilla extract . 1 1/2 cups milk . . --------------------------------------------------------------------------------. . DIRECTIONS:. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter and flour two 8 inch round cake pans then line them with parchment paper. . Sift the flour with the baking powder and salt and set aside. . Cream the butter until fluffy. Add the sugar gradually and beat until light and fluffy. Beat in the egg yolks and add the vanilla. Add flour mixture to butter mixture, alternating with milk. Stir the batter until smooth. Pour the batter into the prepared cake pans. . Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes. This cake rises very well so only fill the cake pans 2/3 full. Cool cakes in pans for 10 minutes, then cool thoroughly on a wire rack. Frost as desired. . . If you don't have cake flour, you can use regular all-purpose flour.Follow the directions on the box, look up Wilton decorating on the web and if all that fails, go buy one.  Cheap, easy and usually tastes better than home made.easy!!! buy da cake mix . mix it up with all da ingredents.WITH NO LUMPS!!put in da oven for what ever the box says. then when done take it out let cool 4 15 min. then put icing on it
Translated from spanish it means ' it closes'..  However it could be a different spelling of sierra... . Sierra . Mountain.  .   Gender: Female. Origin: SpanishIt closes is what it means in spanish literally.. . However in terms of names, Cierra is another way of saying closure.It's a variation of Sierra which means jagged mountain range in Spanish.I don't know but it's a nice name. Maybe I just like it cause it sounds a bit like mine :o)Your name is a variant of Sierra which is Spanish for mountain range specific meaning a mountain range with jagged peaks.  The name has increased in popularity over the years 1990 is was 1006th, in 1997-66th and in 2002-64th. Notable is that LA laker star James Worthy named his daughter Cierra.  Many people in various polls cunsider it a great name.  good luck in all you dohttp://www.brandnewdad.com/babynames/c/cierra.asp...THIS SITE AND OTHERS HAVE THE MEANINGS OF NAMES...sorry...caps lock was on...also check baby name books...i think it is a variation of Sierra, a type of red sequoia tree. MayMay
It was a defoliant used during the Vietnam War.  Defoliants kill leaves of trees and bushes.  The military used it over the Vietnamese jungles in order to make the Viet Cong more visible, since that's where they liked to hide.  Agent Orange is extremely hazardous to health, too, but they didn't find that out until after they sprayed everywhere over there.Its a chemical that was sprayed on the forest to make the leaves fall off te trees to expose the enemy during the war. Anyways. that's what it was used for, but now it causes nasty birth defects.
Hi, I find that surprisingly ugly people have a great personality, and are even friends with pretty people which seems contradicting but I guess everyone likes someone different from themselves. As for getting attention, I think everyone likes attention no matter if their ugly or not.Because it is in human nature to be drawn to others misfortune and the ugly people are aware of this. Of course, its in my nature to laugh at them.What is ugly?  Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder.  Outside looks should not matter..  In answer to your Question, I would have to say "no", because I have not seen any "ugly" people.cause evidently they do not get enough attention and so they want to recieve it somehow... maybe  they have a complex of somekind.. or they are not happy with theirself and need to reach out for the attention however they can get itcuz they need it 2 feel speciali dont know. maybe because they dont det the attetion thatthe need. but i dont think that is trueAre you looking for attention by asking this?
Hawaii Five-O was a show about the vice squad in Honolulu.  The slang term "5-0" was used by CB'ers in the 1970's, and the slang stuck into current day usage.there was a show called hawaii 5-0 and it was about copsIt's from an old TV show, 'Hawaii 5-0'. 5-0 was a Hawaiin state police task force, that policed 5 islands.there was show called dat bout copslol it has nothing to do with that stupid show! its cause the cars they used to drive where 5.0 liters!ford has cars userd by and made for the police dept's the motors used in them are 5.0 liters. just like the mustang. it is just another slang word for police..... po.po....smokey......spinner...... whirlie bird......donut head.......cop.... pig... and so on.I think it's started from the old tv show Hawaii 50also called "tha laws"I think it's what the first answer was, otherwise I am with you why??
I didn't realize Clinton was so powerful. If he had told the world about the Palestinians and Arafat we would now have peace in the Middle East? Even though this mess has been going on since the time of Christ this would have solved everything. WOW!I hate to break it to you, but the Middle East was a mess when Bill Clinton was in diapers.. . And it'll probably still be a mess when Bill's in diapers again.It wouldn't have been a good diplomatic move,and it wouldn't. have accomplished anything.thats a loaded question.When will people start holding Bush responsible for his messed up foreign policies, or lack thereof?
Why should we?  It is their main and only export at the moment.  a lot of it is sold to Pharmacudical companies to make medicen (Phenigren With Codine, Codine, Vicodine, Morphine, Oxy-Conton)  WHY DO YOU WANT TO KILL THEIR ONLY MEANS OF MAKING A LIVING?Nothing.  We don't want to get the warlords mad.  More of George Bushes brilliant policies.b/c we didn't you have a problem with that?
The fourth of July? Anymore it means so much to me..It not only makes me think and feel proud of our miitary soliders fighting in different countries around the world, but the one's here at home protecting our border..This is one day that you should truly make the effort to get to know your neighbor, and celebrate the birth of our country with them..I enjoy expressing how happy and fornuate to be born an american... In short, the fouth of July means everything to me..On that day i give thanks that we are allowed so many privledges and that so many in other nations cannot understand and also dont have..It was said best i beleive in a certain country song" and im proud to an American where at least i know im free, i wont forget the men who died who gave their life for me! and so i stand up and salute her yet today!"A time to reflect on the true meaning of liberty.We actually take ours for granted while other people across the world are dying literaly just to have a taste of what we enjoy.It's a good excuse to set up a barbecue, go to the beach etc, to me it's an excuse to bike ride to the park and read or just be with my family.A day of stup-- silly Americanz buying **** they going to blow up anyway and cook food for a bunch of other fellow Americanz.  Making them feel like itz okay to blow **** up and call what we have freedom and go around saluting a fag---- a Flag, and our Bush who will soon lead uz to fire place known az Russia's wrath along with a hot helping of Iran putting in their $0.02.. . July 4, 1774 waz a day of a few homoz playing around with their wigz and made a freedom from other countirez so that they can have all the "evil" power they can barely get and then when a day comez....like July 4, we should be celebrating the tradition of causing shit to get worse for our fellow Americanz.. . Fellow Americanz indeed we should be hollow headed Americanz or Walking candlez, or human chorcoal.  I'm all for America..... . {**** the Government}
most likely because there were seven of them.Supposedly they were a cell- group planning to attack the Sears Tower in Chicago, and assorted targets in the Miami area. They lived in a windowless warehouse, and did military exercises at night, and other things that drew attention to them. I would hope the police have evidence against them, to haul them in, in such a manner.Planning an attack on the Sears Towers in Chicago.They were getting support from Al-Qaeda to help them attack the Sears Tower in Chicago. The group was staying at a warehouse in Miami's Liberty City section when the Feds collared them. What they didn't know is that an Al-Qaeda person was an FBI informant. The seven got themselves a _big_ surprise when they got arrested. Now that will teach them a lesson; and let that be a lesson to the wannabes as well!They were going to blow up some buildings. There may be more. They're still investating.Probably because the gov't needs arrests! So they can look good and pretend to be doing their jobs.  What happened to Osama.  The U. S. Can't find him but yet anyone else they go after they get.  There is definitely something fishy about that.Because for the past three months or so these seven men were undergoin rigerous training and doing instense planning to carry out sereral attacks. they planned on obmbing the sears tower in chicago and also on bombing the FBI buliding in miami. among several area which have not yet neeb dislosed to teh general public.Evidently there was an "insider" and they were black muslims and a Haitian from what I understand.  They were planning to blow up the Sears Tower in Chicago.. The insider turned them in - they were training in a warehouse down there.. Why were they arrested?  Cuz it's bad.They were plotting to attack the Sears Tower in Chicago.What,  you didnt understand the news story or something?   Is english a second language for you?   What do you mean why were they arrested?   Come on,  nobody can be that dumb.
Man is a fallen creature, prone to wrongdoing (we call it sin) and unable to always do what is right.  This is due to Original Sin, to Adam and Eve eating the forbidden fruit.  As long as we remain fallen racism will continue.people are ignorant to the things they dont know so they make assumptions....
you can go on a web-site, usually that of the county, and there is a link to the sheriff's department that shows names, addresses  & profiles including what the person did.go to amw.com or go to your local police precint and ask them about ithttp://www.familywatchdog.us/Search.asp. That site will take you right to their door.  You can go anywhere and find out just type in your address and click on the dots.  It locates schools and parks.  Good luck.I don't know where you are from, but in Oklahoma you can go to the news page for channel 9 and there is a link on finding child molesters in your area. It is coneccted straight to the information the police use. Very valuable stuff to keep you safe!If your town is like mine, your local police department will supply photos and addresses if you go there in personWell in College it was brought to our attention that there's many websites you can visit to find out the names and the adresses of sexual offenders in your area. The one I thought was more efficient was www.childsafenetwork.org Not only is it free it gives you a complete list of sex offenders near your area.Illinois has a website.Indiana Sheriff's Sex Offender Registry. http://www.insor.org/insasoweb/Yes. Go to:. The National Sex Offenders Registry at:. http://www.nsopr.gov/Hang balloons on your mailbox with party signs, and children's music playing, and invite over a clown. The suspicious guy on the grassy knoll will be the child molestor. HA HA HA HACheck on the internet for your county or state.  They are listed there.  The address and offense is usually listed.Oprah has a show about this and all the info on this site below on how to get names etc.. www.parentsformeganslaw.comtype in megans law on your computer there should be a website that shows where they are located in your town and if you live in newmexico well, that is where their population is concentratedWe have a state run website where you can look them up by location or name.http://www.indianasheriffs.org/. . and by the way, your city has ALOT of them!. That site even has an address search, you can put in your address and see how many are close to your houseGo to this website...it is the best one and easy to use...familywatchdog.comHere is a link.  This service is free and is applicable all over the US:. . http://www.mapsexoffenders.com/index.asp
After 8 months, not a whole lot has been done. Alot of places are still like ghost towns. The city itself is fine. The areas that were hit the hardest will take alot more clean up and redoing.READ A NewspaperSlowly.  Big job.. . People get to like where they live, no matter where it is.there has to be a better word than stupid... I mean, why even go back there....... . OK, stupid gets the vote......Thanks for asking! They are doing their best!no bitch you are stupid go down there and see.
It may have been removed for inciting hatred against redheads, darn that abuse button.Did you receive any email from administrator saying that your question was removed? maybe your choice of words were offensive?probably someone reported it.It was deleted!i don't know.hopefully Yahoo deleted it.I don't know.  Oh....wait...here it is.  No sorry  My mistake.None ,,they were showing the blondes where to go...it jumped off the empire state buildingIt probably got deleted.Oh thank God you didn't say Blonde's....LOLyahoo probably deleted it.Censorship Sucks!!!!
yeah man.... . hey...why don't we have white pride day..that'll shut em all up...We have this day because many immigrants that reside in America are from Puerto Rico.  This is a day in which people can show their pride in their culture.  Also, its a day, Americans can learn about other peoples' heritage.  Yes, I agree that other peoples culture arent inlcuded, but its probably because they are our nearest neighbors.  Also, they are a minority.(in my own opinion) WE do not want to be a state because we will lose part of our identity as did the Hawaiins! we don't want to be free because some us don't believe we will be able to make it on our own. if America had just left us alone and let us be free like they did Cuba, i believe we would've been better off because the gov' was much better and more stabalized when we were under the control of Spain! if you don't like Puerto Ricans you better deal with it, 'cause the way it's goin' now, we're stayin' for GOOD! also, you need to get your life straight and stop bein' so racist against nationalities you feel inferior to.We do have Irish pride parades, Italian pride and Cinco de Mayo for Mexicans, Puerto Rico is no exception to the rule. Puerto Rico's status has nothing to do with the parade, ((Puerto Rico is not part of the US . It has a special commonwealth status in association with the US but PR is self governing since 1952.)). , Same with Ireland,Italy,Mexico....Why Celebrate ST Patricks Day? Why have a Gay Parade in San Francisco? Why Celebrate Mardy Gra? Why Celebrate Cinco de Mayo?. Don't Hate we live in a Free Country and can Be proud of our Roots. Yes we are part of the US we are a Commonwealth. Because there is a Pride Parade does not mean we do not love America, it means not matter where you are you can shine for what you are. One third Native American, One third White, One third African .Why not?  As long as they immigrated here legally, why not?. . America's about diversity.  Get used to it.Hello? In Which country do you live in? Have you heard of the IRISH parade? Cinco de Mayo? Hello? parades have to do with national pride, nothing more nothing else. Go back to school.
OMG, YOU'RE A SECRET YAHOO NAZI!. . Want a taco?Don't believe the propaganda hype that your gay buddies are trying to tell you to get you to join the kkk.it wasnt and just asking that question makes me wanna smack you in the face. you really need to get a lifeso Ignorant people like you have something to B**ch aboutit's not, grow upHave you been to Auschwitz,and other death camps?Talk to people involved.are you serious? i hope not.. . . please think twice before asking a question.... . jews need some respect.If you are so stupid and anti-semitic that you actually believe that the holocaust wa a major fraud that never happened and that the JEWS are propagating it, it is not worth explaining because your tiny brain would not comprehend any of it.. . Who are you to call the Germans, Austrians, Polish, Dutch and Italian governments LIARS for telling their stories of the atrosities they witnessed by Adolf Hitler, the SS and the nazi Party during WWII.  Many of their soldiers and civilians were trown in the same concentration camps the Jews were in because they either aided the Jews or they publically disagreed with Hitler, the SS and the Nazi Party. . . Who are you to call the American, British and Russian soldiers, who became POW's in WWII, liars because they, too, shared the same concentration camps as the Jews.  What would they have to gain from participating in your feeble allegations?. . I hope that these words are not too big for your vocabulary.  It is clear to me that nothing can be said to bring you into the world of reality.loser.Nice name, "enlighten heart"...you are either just trying to ruffle a few feathers, or you're a freaking ignorant, insensitive fool!  You could use some enlightenment of your own.  I'm not Jewish, but I have love for my fellow humans, and you're a Nazi freak.. . I bet you feel like a "big man" writing your messages of hate anonymously on the internet where no one can see you...you're a cowardly fool...go back to your kkk meeting or grow the hell up...get out off your a$s and see the frigging world before you judge people you know nothing about.It's not.This is a rediculous question that doesn't really deserve an answer. However, for the sake of "enlightenment" you need to watch the documentary PaperClips. It's sad that these children have more heart than you. Click the link or rent it at Blockbuster.
I was a virgin when I entered high school.  So that statement cannot be completely true.i "lost" mine when i was 19 ...a sophomore in college.  I really don't understand why people view it as "losing" something.  There is such a social stigma around "losing" your virginity...or as i'd like to call it embarking on your first real sexual adventure - all you have to GAiN is experience and learn from mistakes etc..Most teens think, in my opinion, is they have to have sex to fit in or to keep a guy but in the end your just left feeling empty and lost because he may say he will be there forever but he wont he will be gone  as soon as he gets some.
Yes, we need a total revamp of the American political system including the Congress and the Senate. Members of these two bodies should not hold office for more than two terms like the President.  Maybe, one term can be extended to five years instead of the present four.they voted it that wayIf you had a job with excellent benefits, no real challenges that you don't create yourself, great pay, and expense accounts, and a plethora of other perks, would you vote to limit the amount of time you could remain in that job? Well, that is why there are no term limits.I totally agree.... Let's change it!!!Because there is no term-limit law in place for congress.Because all politicians are crooks & liars.. The job of a congressman or woman,was not intended to be a life time job.They were suppose to spend 6 years in office then vacate and go about their civilian lives.But they now get a retirement check,full medical benefits,for the rest of their lives whether they stay in office or vacate.It's all about the money & prestige.I feel the same way.  They have as much affect on the laws as the president himself.They do - its called an election!I do think that they should have terms just like the president.Why didn't you pay attention in English class?Since this country categorizes itself as a government. of the people, no limit other than the ability to garner the . majority of the popular vote should be imposed.They sort of do....but you have to vote for it to work.the only prob. I see with that is that is a state by state issue and those states the choose not to impose term limits would be far more powerful than those that have to keep sending Jr. Senators and Reps.There should definitely be a law against people become career politicians and why are there no checks and balances on our government officials voting themselves their own payraises and perks - um, fox guarding the hen house here people!. . Our Founding Fathers are rolling in their graves at what career politicians have done to this country.Term limits vary state by state.  The larger states do impose limits while small ones tend not to.. . There should be term limits all across the board.  Whatever happened to the noble idea of the "citizen legislator" made famous in movies like "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington"  with Jimmy Stewart?. . Yeah there's elections.  But try removing an old politician who's been in his/her seat for ages.  They have money, power and  incumbency.They should be limited, but the only reason that the president was ever limited is because it was a tradition to only take 2 terms since George Washington. Well, until FDR, I believe, came into office. Then they made it a law (in the Constitution, no less.)I believe thats the only way we can straighten our corrupt government out.  We have old geezers in our congress that have been in there  before the 2nd world war. We need new Ideas. It is hard to get elected because once a person gets in government he can vote to stay in. We will never have term limits because these old geezers would be out of power and couldn't  get kick backs.Actually the president can serve for 10 years if they are VP or assume the presidency through some other means more than 1/2 way through the elected presidents term.. . As far as term limits for Congress, I think its a fair question and one that should be enacted.  Problem is you would probably have to get congress to pass the legislation...ironic isnt it.I agree, just watch c-spanWhy do you think we should have term limits on Congress? Seniority is how the committee assignments work...the longest serving members become the chairmen of committees and get their choice of committees to serve on. The "freshmen" take whatever's left over. Seniority provides continuity and some perspective in debate...the more experienced members don't react in as much of a panic as the less experienced members might, and they know what issues have come up in the past and will come up again. . . Actually, some states do have term limits on their delegations, but most of the states that voted to establish term limits have quietly dropped them because they don't really work and there's no real reason to have them except for political windowdressing.i agree.Unlike the Presidency where all American vote...the population of a congressional district (or state for Senators) changes.  People move in or out of Congressional districts (or states), so a congessperson (sp?) has to make new people happy.  Elections are every 2 years (6 in Senate)...so their term could be that short. However...if their constituants feel that they are best...even for 30 years...then we have the right to choose them.  If Senator Heinz (PA) had not died I'm sure he would still be a Senator...or more.  He had over 80% of ALL Pennsylvanians, Democrat and Republican.  He took our concerns to Washington and we knew it.  If Congress(wo)man is in touch...they stay.Good question!  There should be more rotation in office.You've brought up a very good point.  I think they should, too, and we can get that started and not sit back and let one person like the lady who took Bible reading out of schools.  Of course she died a terrible death, so that should be a lesson to us, no?I think their terms should be limited. The country can't go forward the way it really should because the people running it get stale. When they first come in they have ideals and an agenda. After 8 years they're in it for the security and the power. I totally agree with you.
sitting, breathing.. . Oh.  I didn't read the bit about having a life.hunting, fishin, camping  just go outdoors and find something not that hard try animal watching those critters are interestingWatching the Simpsons. I have no lifeWatching That 70's Show reruns and playing with my doggy.Drinking a glass of wine and waiting for two phone calls... so I'm just killing time for now doing this.Wondering what you're doing.at work, getting ready to suit up and go into to the fab(clean room)Can't speak for everyone, but I am watching TV as well as answer questions.Responding to someone who obviously doesn't have a life.pooping and peeingA couple hours from now I'm going to my karate class, but for now I have to wait.Well, I'm exercising, eating, reading a book, listening to the radio, taking a shower while watching T.V.!I am at work and bored...trying to waste the last hour I have until I get to have 2 days off. I am only on the computer on the weekends...I have too much of a life over the weekend...thank you very much!i'm sitting here watching  tv & relaxing... besides answering yahoo. questions..how about u?I just returned home from seeing." A Prairie Home Companion."  I really enjoyed it, but I don't think that young kids would.  Prior to that I was on my computer organizing my work schedule for this summer.  Prior to that I was taking a neighbor of mine, an elderly person,  out for a ride.  She is a friend of mine who is getting quite old.  I know she will leave me someday, so I'm cherishing the time we have together. It's been a full, happy day.Masterbating lollistening to music, on the phone with friends and playing vid games, what are you doing besides asking a dumba55 question?
News blast...Limbaugh has been divorced for quite a while now. Women love powerful men, so I doubt he is celibate.. . He had a great joke at his own expense on his show yesterday. "Gee, I told my doctor I was concerned about the next election..."maybe he needed to console himself since his wife wasn't with himafter abuseing pain killers 4 so long he can't get i up any moore.. . and who would want to sleep with him.You really should change your screen name to elmorondumbadumba.  You said you had kids, I hope your joking! People like you really don't need to be breeding!! That's what's wrong with this country now. I really weep for the future with idiots like you in it. But fortunatly for those of us who have to be around spuwastes such as your self, your kind usually does something either to get your selves killed, or put in jail!! We can only hope!! Get a life cum stain!!! Hatmanms.lady said it all.. . Sick story,huh?Sport sex with the Dominican ladies?Rush Limburger is so dumb that he would probably eat rabbit turds if you painted them blue!  He's a DRUG ADDICT!Well, he is divorced... Just please don't tell me he was down there with Mary Lynn Rajskub, whom he kissed (on the lips yet... looked like borderline sexual assault) at the Heritage Foundation forum the other day... Maybe that's what she meant when she said a result of being on "24" is that more strangers touch her... How much stranger do they get than Rush Limbaugh.....
Ask a Marine.Well right now there looks like a civil war is taking place between the Shiites, the Sunnis, and the Kurds ( 3 of the major religious and ethnic groups). U.S. occupation will most likely last for another couple of years until everything calms down and the insurgents stop creating choas.. . So.... It's getting worseIt's getting worse by the day. Now they are kidnapping soldiers and tearing apart limb from limb. We have to get out of there.badgetting worse, we have to get out of there, bad mistake to go in there anyway, you can't win a war, fighting in someone Else's back-yard, let them attack our shores, then will kick butt !!!!!, just like Vietnam big mistake !!!!watch the news and you see the same thing everyday.  A bomb dropped into the wrong target and kill thousands of innocent. we have a technical difficulty.no so good my cousin got killed there last yeah they blew up his tank thats rong right i hate iraqys
because once people figure out that sniffing cocaine is not getting them as high as they want, or keeping them higher for very long, and someone says, "hey try this, this is cheaper and it will last longer and be better..." . . Crack is higher in progression of destroying your life and taking over your soul...never do a drug named after a part of your a s s just stopThe difference is in the politics.  powder=rich voters,  crack=poor nonvotersIt's more dangerous and addictive because it enters the body faster.  Also, I know where you're going with this.  There's a rumor that the law was designed this way to discriminate.  The so called reasoning is that more white people use powder than black people.  Frankly, if that's the best thing you have to worry about, you need to quit using all drugs, caus' your brains are cooked.. . People who have responsibilities, and do something with their life, don't worry about excuses for drug use.  This is true of BOTH blacks and Caucasians.  The argument makes the same sense as the one about "discrimination" against convicted felons.  If felons think they get a bad deal, they really have nerve.  There's people being allowed to run free who frankly steal about three times what their life is worth.  Criminals are doing so much damage and destruction in America, it's charitable we let them run free EVER.I think that the issue has to do with Money rather than the dangers of the drug. Crack is a poor addicts drug while cocaine is a not so poor addicts drug :). . Once a drug is identifed with a CLASS of people then you will start to see stricter legislation against it.. . In the 1940 to even the 1960s people smoked ciggerettes everywhere (even on TV) but now ciggerettes have a social sigma attached to them (rich dont smoke as they use too) look at the elite's on 1940-60's u will see ciggertte pics compared too now ? so thats why we see a move to ban smoking in public places ETC. . So laws reflect Social changes in a society and in our case the people who are the elite make the laws and they like there cocaine :)Powder is the uppy drug and many...many..many powers to be part take... crack is a 'street' thing dirty, crime what notIt's because the war on drugs has no focus. It's the fad drug for the legislators to come down on this year
click on the space to enter a search to get the history to pop up, then use your arrow keys and go through each line and hit your delete key right above your arrow keys.... that should do it! It took  me forever to figure it out!its SUPPOSED to clear after u exit out of all of your internet browser windows.. that usually works for me.. as for hitting the delete key.. ive tried that and it wouldnt work on mine..Alt-f4 should do it.ALT-f4. Works every time. Good luck.
With a GPS tracker.myspace. you'd be surprised whose on there. seriously.I hve emailed people I went to school with and was in the military with through classmates.comthis might sound stupid but I have found more people because they have signed up on classmates dot com. Also people finder-type it in google search engine.
I don't think any names have "in the world". That would be quite a silly name. Hey Johnny In the World, what's up.I don't understand the question.42
My perception is that there are more smokers than non-smokers in my area of town, whether it is cigarettes, cigars, or whatever.  Maybe my perception is wrong, but that's just the way I see it.  Smokers have every right to smoke, but maybe there should be some sort of compromise, instead of having animosities among each other.  I mean does constant finger pointing at each other accomplish anything?I think the reason is they are addicted to cigarettes and like dope addicts they don't care who it hurts.I always ask ppl im around like in their house or car, if its ok for me to smoke. But what really makes me mad is when someone has a kid and smokes directly around them, im talking about lil babies, and also when someone is carrying around a oxygen pump and is smoking like a freight train!!has been proven by whom? What is your source? People put themselves more at risk everyday just driving down the street.  The pollution you and I inhale on the roads are extremely more dangerous than "second-hand smoke." It is propaganda. It is a money maker. If you read the actual report the ones that many misquote or just plain use out of context for their own financial gain.  The reports show that studies were done and long story short ..they found no noticeable change in the health of a child who lives with a smoker as opposed to a nonsmoker.  before you show everyone your ignorance, know the subject you are speaking of well. Never put your naive spat of a comment out to the world  when u really don't know what you are talking about.  I bet you are the type that believes everything that you see on tv and read in the paper.  the bottom line isn't fulfilllment of desires or the negligence of an American smoking a cigarette. its called goodbye to our freedom. First of all when did we say ,"please speak for me, tell me what to do and what not to do because i am irresponsible and dumb, tell me who i can marry and what i can drink and what is "bad" for me so if you catch me doing it thrw me in jail (I am not talking killing and pervisions) (if your sick your sick ..that is not what i ams aying) it's our liberties. We cant smoke outside? I don't have a say in what I do with my own body or my own creation or not? Parents -they took away fatty foods out of school, because your kids are too fat. They don't think you are intelligent enough to teach your kids healthy eating habits so they will force them to eat only what they want you to eat. The war on Drugs isn't a war. if they wanted to end it they would but then they would be out of jobs. Pearl Harbor, 9/11, come on people wake up. Why is my dog forced to be neutured ? to control population? I am responsible - so because others in this country aren't your going to punish everyone because a few have some screws loose? Security? be afraid of terrorism but not from abroad it is here on our soil.why did i go off? because the question is more of an attack on a certain " social group" with no grounds and your ignorance puts everyone at risk. open your eyes, shut your mouth look around and listen. What is proven? who has proven it and where is the logic behind it all?I smoke  but if I am out for dinner and someone is polite and asks me if I would put it out as it bothers them I will. But I dont like the anti smoker people that try to mandate laws or tude just because I have one vice that they dont like.I think that some people are just totally disrespectful towards others.  . . There is nothing that ticks me off more than a person who will light up a cigarette around me without even asking if it bothers me.  Why should I have to inhale someone else's cigarette smoke !!!    I do agree with some of the other answers, there are some, but very few smokers who are considerate of those of us who don't smoke, but I haven't encountered very many.Do you do everything that is healthy?  No, you don't. Sitting in front of a computer will fry your brain and your eyes.  Dont rag on smokers.What about the stupid people that drink and drive? What about the stupid people who abuse children? What about the stupid people who hurt other people because of road rage? Are they selfish? Why don't you just line all of us smokers up and shoot us? Then your world will be a much nicer and safer place to live. You will all get along much better, love each other more and live longer lives! You don't know me, but I have a bullet you can put in my head. I will even wish you peace in the rest of your life. By the way, I want to be cremated. Is that gonna be okay with you, or is that another selfish desire of mine?I don't know....? I've never smoked and make a point not to befriend a smoker....Because addiction is a selfish disease. I know because I counsel addicts. Smoking is a disgusting habit and I have declined dates with very attractive women over their smoking.No studies have PROVEN harmful effects of seconhand smoke. The amount of secondhand smoke you inhale outside is nil to none.  Stress from worrying about this will kill you before smoke does.  Do you live with a smoker? Is that why it bothers you? Then move out or kick them out. Its illegal to smoke indoors anywhere in NY (except your home) So whats the problem? Get over it - or how about this - If someone is smoking near you - WALK AWAY. We dont want you near us eitherI'm not sure why they do it either. I've met some 'considerate' smokers, they're the ones who go outside for every cigarette and stand away from others if they're smoking. They're few and far between, though.
All Day I Dream About Sport. . some people change the last word to S....E.....Xthere Is no expansion...... it was originally called Adidas-Saloman AG....... However, most people have a misconception that Adidas is an abbreviation and that it stands for 'All Day I Dream About Sports'...... . Cheers!Adidas is short for ADI DASsler, the founder.  His . Brother,Rudolf Dassler, started Puma.
FEMA is a federal agency regulated by the Federal Government and money is budgeted by Congress.  Insurance Companies and policies are basically regulated by State Insurance Departments and not subject to federal or congressional oversight.  That is pretty common knowledge and yet people pay little attention to who they vote for that will control the insurance departments of each state until after the cat is out of the bagThey are, it just doesn't make the news.this is a great question. I wish I had an answer for you.Maybe it's easier to blame FEMA spending than to investigate the Insurance companies knowing that they would not get anywhere with the insurance companies.. Why try to do something beneficial when they can sweep it all under the rug, know what I mean?. Congress always takes the easiest way out of everything.. Actually both should be fully investigated.
Because it is too easy to come to the US and get all the freebies.  If the US actually protected the borders and deported all of those who are here illegally they will have a decision to make - continue living like you are or fight to change it for the better.  As long as they have bleeding hearts here who are willing to give away the store there is no incentive to make things better at home.Why did it take the french liberals 100 years to revolt aganist the Bourbons? . Small amounts of appeasement.Because maybe it's not as easy as you think!!When your landlord is oppressing you, it is easier to move out than to buy the building.  There is no middle class in Mexico.  Everyone there is poor, with about 1% really, really rich, who run the country.  They have no interest in changing anything because it is to their benefit to keep it the way it is.It's so much easier to leave when the USA border is unprotected.
tell your newspapper moderators.Sorry to hear about your uncle.  Best wishes.  To place an add in the paper, grab a copy of your local paper and usually in the classified section, there is a number to call for you to place the add.  There will also be directions for how many lines allowed, etc and you can choose which section of the paper for your ad to appear.call your local newspaper, they will give you a price quote for the ad
I think it’s there business. Yeah it’s irresponsible but so is the government.Who will take the blame for all wrong doing on Katrina, how many people have been fired or resign from Katrina incidents?Our so called President cant find who to put the blame on now,when will he admit that his staff and himself are to blame???Violators should be identified, and given the chance to pay it back, with interest.  If they can't, throw their sorry asses in jail.Doesn't surprise me in the least!   And, to be honest Its our money anyway.  Let me put this in prospective:  The American people are gonna complain about Katrina Victims spending money on whatever - AND, how much money is going to IRAQ?  How much money are the IRAQ's getting each month?I am in South Louisiana (blessed to not have been personally affected by Katrina/Rita) and am very disturbed at this misuse of taxpayer $.  I think those that can be caught should be punished for this severely.Well you really have  to think about this question  here in Maryland DC and Va We opened our homes and states up to these people who were flood out of their homes with no other place to go, not knowing where they are going to live. I dont believe what or how they spent their money is any1 business but you have to realize that they lost everything starting over is a hard thing to do but I'm not saying if what they spent it on was right but that can do whatever they need to do.. I also think that if It was one of us we would use it for whatever I already know I would take care of the important things first then I going shopping,That sounds like politicians rather than refugees.  Give people money with no strings and they will blow it and then gripe because they have nothing to eat.  It doesn't work to give just money.IT'S NO DIFFERENT THAN WHAT THEY DO WITH ANY OTHER FUNDS THEY CONTROL. IT'S TIME THEY START BEING HELD ACCOUNTABLE.THE DIRECTOR SHOULD BE FIRED IMMEDIATELY AS SHOULD ALL WHO APPROVED THOSE EXPENDITURES.
It would start a mass panic & out-of-control social  & legal problems like rioting & looting...No point in warning people they are going to die if it can't be stopped or if there is no other good purpose...I'd like to know though so I can die having sex, instead of sitting at this stupid computer...They are it will miss earth by a very big margin. However I guess in the vastness of space, it is close. It will be visible as a bright white light in the sky.I hope you aren't relying on the traditional, popular media, to tell you the truth, and provide you a 'public service'.  Remember that it is a Commercial Venture these days.  I find more intelligent info on the net, (and a lot of crap too), but at least I get to decide what sounds right, and not have it fed to me by someone who is only trying to make an entertainment buck for his sponsor.Cause they can't find a reason to blame it on George Bush. Unless it is negative towards the president the MSM don't care.. . Check some alternative news.. . And don't listen to the doom and gloom crowd it is NOT going to hit us.I looked up July 3, 2006 ateroid and couldn't really find anything under that, but I did see one thing and it kept refering to the asteroid's name as '2004 XP14'. When I looked up '2004 XP14' I found alot of stuff. . . . Here's some links:. http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/13556129/. http://www.lpl.arizona.edu/~rhill/alpo/minplan/flyby.html. http://www.lpl.arizona.edu/~rhill/alpo/minplan/2004XP14.htm. http://news.yahoo.com/s/space/20060626/sc_space/hugeasteroidtoflypastearthjuly3. http://www.usatoday.com/tech/science/space/2006-06-27-asteroid-encounter_x.htm?csp=34. . . Here's the link to my search results:. http://search.yahoo.com/search?fr=ytff1-&p=2004%20XP14&ei=UTF-8. . . Thank you very much for asking this question. Until I read it I didn't even know anything about an asteroid coming so close to Earth on July 3rd. I learned something new from looking it up! Thank you.Probably to prevent some other group of nut cases from holing up in a house, drinking the Kool Aid with the intent on hitching a ride with the aliens tailgating behind the asteroid.WTF???? link please.Oh great! Nice one....it was meant to be a surprise!!! And now ya gone and ruined it for everyone!It was on the news here in California several times this week, probably because we were suppose to be able to see it. But I didn't see it.  Oh well.  . http://blog.360.yahoo.com/blog-ojGZLP4jfqjfSqfSc0rMAyzqIzA-?cq=1&p=82I saw something on the news yesterday about an asteroid that is passing close by, jsut further than the moon.  So, I think the media is reporting on it.  It's not a huge story because it's not going to hurt anything.
I don't think you can find a percentage of how often they cover it. I am sure you can search for how many times an article comes up with "homeless" in its title, but since there isn't any single source that tells how many times media talks about subjects, it is nearly impossible to get a percentage.probably 15% a year.  Who knows?
I was taught in journalism class that those are the typical means of ending a press release or statement.. . Fortunately, I was told about all of those methods you mentioned (-30- has only been introduced roughly in relatively recent times).They are editing marks. When they go to the editor for final approval. These marking are mark of approval from the proofreaders and the editing staff.It's traditional to put XXX at the end of a press release to let the media (and whoever) know that's officially the end of your press release.  It probably helped, at one time, prevent someone missing a page and not knowing it.. . I've never heard of using -30- or #.Telegraphers (telegraph operators) were supposed to have signed off a transmission with "30," at least that's the story my journalism professors and old hands in the newsroom told.. . As to other end marks it seems reasonable to assume these were just local adaptations.. . In the days when the most sophisticated piece of writing equipment in the newsroom was a manual typewriter, stories were written in "takes" -- sometimes half sheets of paper.  This was especially the case for handling a breaking news story.  The short takes could be churned out and sent to the desk for editing.  . . To indicate that a particular take was not the final piece of the story, the reporter added "- more -" or some variant of that to the end.. . Each take was numbered in succession with a slug line, "Train derailment - 3 - 3". . The last take was signed with the " - 30 -" mark or some variant.. . -30-
A tsunami (pronounced tsoo-nah-mee) is a wave train, or series of waves, generated in a body of water by an impulsive disturbance that vertically displaces the water column. Earthquakes, landslides, volcanic eruptions, explosions, and even the impact of cosmic bodies, such as meteorites, can generate tsunamis. Tsunamis can savagely attack coastlines, causing devastating property damage and loss of life.Tsunami is a potentially destructive ocean wave caused by an earthquake, landslide, volcanic eruption, or meteor impact.. . For more info, try reading the Wikipedia article or the other web articles from the Yahoo Search below.A big wave that is caused by an earthquake or some other event. They have been caused by large pieces of iceberg dropping into the water.tsunami is a very large wave cause by an earthquakekind of flood.sea flood.very strong.i made 3 projects on it!
Dude, it was a plane. My mom was there.For starters, it isn't a secret.   It was an airplane.  It was all over the news.  The reason you cannot delve into the matter is, . IT'S THE PENTAGON!. They have to keep certain things, such as daily activity, a secret for national security reasons.. No offense but, it should be obvious.Some people have nothing better to do.Conspiracy you just said in your Question. Actually your answer is in your own question. World was made fool, I wish American people understand WASP. Bush and other s are having fever of American supremacy on the cost of what? American innocent people.there is no conspiracy.  . . people want to create fantacy cuz they are bored.
Vote for someone in favor of it. That's the American way.Hah finally someone else notices!!! go in and try and get exactly 2 gallons of gas.......the clerk wont know how to charge you! hahaha my boyfriend and i debate on this all th etime.............I wish i had an answer though!write letters to them!!!!
This is just another one of those issues where people take sides and believe what they are told rather than investigating whether it's the truth or not.  There are so many questions unanswered about global warming, I don't see how anyone could be an expert.True it has, but it is doing so at an alarming rate this time due to pollution.If you watch his movie or listen to him speak then you'll get your answer. Next time, do some research before you start bashing something that you obviously know nothing about.Well yes, of course the earth has cooled and warmed - and through the very same greenhouse processes we're experiencing now! Why? Because carbon dioxide, CO2, is made of some of the most common elements on earth, and it is a relatively simple compound to produce. It is a natural part of the life cycle of all living things on earth. The problem now is that, for the first time in our 100,000 year history as a species, and the multi-billion year history of this earth, we are capable of artificially producing CO2 in sufficient quantities to significantly impact the earth. It's not just about "global warming" - it's about climate change. . . The fact that the earth is a dynamic place which changed over time should not be a suprise to anyone - but the fact that, as a byproduct of our industry, we are able to impact the climate, to throw off the balance, to the point where the weather becomes more extreme and damaging - this is a fact which people need to be aware of, and that Al Gore tries to point out in his movie.You are just lazy and dont care about the planet. The planet has not heated and cooled MILLIONS of times. There would be NO life on it at all. This weather we are having is unnatural and is of a great concern to scientists all over the planet and has been for many years, AL GORE just used his popularity to broadcast it to all the idiots who dont know crap about science or the earth in an last ditch effort to get people off their lazy asses and change their ways of life. Read Carl Sagens Billions and Billions and then come tell me that the planet is just fine.As far as I know he has been backed by most climatologists on that film. Could they all be wrong and you right? You sound like youre trying to be clever but perhaps just cleverly uninformed.al gore didnt invent the internetBecause he wants to promote his own political agenda and make himself look smart and make us all look dumb.  He says that he bases his study off facts and science, but he forgot to mention that little bit.  By the way, who the hell made him a scientist anyway.  We know his agenda and that is to get the nomination for Pres, and in order to do that he has to do something big, since he lost the first time.  So what does he do?  He hires abunch of people to promote his idea.  Notice I said hires.  So these people are being paid to tell him what he wants to hear.  It's no different from when he wanted to look all important by saying he invented the internet.  What a phoney bolagna.Not at the rate it's going! . . And Al Gore did not invent the internet...*rolls eyes*its faster this time, banane!Al did not INVENT the internet but he was the first person to COMPLETE the internet. He has visited every site.. . If we are warming so fast...Why are we not setting new records. A few a year but less han 5 if that. Why are the oceans not rising. I know we are loosing beaches but that is erosion not raising ocean levels.
that is purely natural! when u go to heaven , ask god! as he will be a better person to answer u!omg the sky is blue........Because God made it that way.my husband would answer this technically for you.......but I guess it has something to do with reflection, atmosphere?because  green was already takenthe frequency of laight that is emitted to ground is of very different range of frequencies.. some of it is absorbed in the ozone layer around the earth and then some high freiquencies just do not get any problem in their way to earth,then sky seems be blue.. . if you want know more about this,you should read about light frequency spectrum and you will see that light is made of different frequencies .for example if light emits to a green leaf,all the frequencis are absorbed but the only frequency of that the molecules of that leaf molecule are reflected.. this simple question and concept now makes 7.2 billion dollars a year for compnies that make the colour of the jeans pants.. . if you are intersted,take a course in organic chemistry.. you will almost know everything about this after completing it.Scienctifically, the sky is blue due to the light being reflected from the waters into the sky.  Also the clouds play a part in this as well, and the molcules in the air along with the current weather conditions.because stupid people like YOU.
LOL thats no English.Jesus is coming but it was written in the bible that we won't know when... It says he will come like a thief in the night...We certainly don't know when a thief is coming or we would make ready to stop him right?... The earth will be no more he will take his children to heaven and the earth will pass away... It does say not to be caught sleeping this doesn't mean actual sleep it means know your bible and make yourself ready to be with God... Good Luck ... Read your bible ...He gave the owners Manuel every thing you need to know is written in it ....Angel
We probably should bring him back to power - he'd whip up on the insurgents - terrible tactits, but effective.  Then we get out, and let them kill themselves if that's what they want.Weird!!!!Thats because all he has been doing is bad mouthing the US, not the sort of thing the Networks wanna air.Believe it or not..... Iraq was a much safer place with him as a president or dictator , general or what ever you wanna call him. i'm sure a lot of people trying to negotiate with him on how to rule the country
if it isn't one thing its another, thats life...For the heck of it!u should know why...Why is the original question that has been asked since man appeared on this planet. It is the basis for discover, the basis for relationships, the basis for religion and the basis for existence.. . Why do you ask?That's just the way it is.Because I said so.It's not your fault, everything happens for  a reason, let god take care of it.... just be strongokay whatAnswering.being a professional in these matters. i would recommend you contact a medical doctor as soon as possible.First of all WHAT IS THE QUESTION?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?Why not?oh its ok, theres many stupid people, your not alone.
uh ok...good job buddy. now go steal candy from a baby and you'll be a MANwhat was the question? I want to know what it was...because when you have so much spare time, NOT doing phisical work like people have been doing for thousands of years. YOu have to find SOMETHING to occupy your time. i bet cavemen weren't afraid of spiders.what is the question I shall answer it.I would like to answer it just send it againUmmmm....well, what WAS the question????link the question please. I would like to answer it.Because we don't know everything, we feel afraid of something new, and everything is new!!!!!!And what was that serious question? I didn’t see it.I think you need a hug.Nobody likes to be ratted out to the yahoo cops.I just responded to your other question POOPIE HEAD!!It makes you sound mean as if you were accusing people of using abuse.
The Taliban only opperates in Afghanistan and parts of Pakistan, whereas al-Qaeda opperates globally. Tactically, one of the differences between the two organisations is that the Taliban is prepared to fight conventional battles, whereas al-Qaeda only uses terrorism to fight its wars.Taliban ruled Afghanistan.  Al Queda is a rogue organisation with no country to call their own so they hide out.  Both practice Islamic fundamentalism where they take the Koran and interpret it to fit their perverse goals.  Both sects however are cowards.  They rape woman and children, opress women,  practice honour killings, wish the world could return to the stone-age, wish for the destruction of all western society, they lie, cheat, they're animalsThe Taliban and Al Quaida have similar if not same ideologies. Fundamental Islam.. Taliban was the ruling authority in Afghanistan.. Al Quaida is a world-wide terrorist organization that was aided and given safe-haven in Afghanistan.Who cares just blow them upTaliban is based in Afghanistan, they were like the police but terrorists.   They were run by Al Qaida who are an international terrorist groupThere is no difference between them. All their leaders should be made to go under a sex change operation and then made to live under their own rules as women. They'd soon stop all that bloody nonsence and the world would be a better place!!!the difference is the Americans gave the Taliban their weapons in the first place to fight the Russian invasion of Afghanistan.but they only trained AL qaeda in the art of flying aeroplanes.a quite harmless pastime apparently.Don't give them any credence by talking about them.the talis come from afganistan the qaida r from saudi arabia, both cowardly bastards
He was depressed.6. He didn't want to live anymore.It's none of your business.  No wonder you're a "nitwit".its possible that he had deppression, so know matter how happy he may have appeared he was actually hiding his true emotions. at some point in his life he may have picked a day to end it all, and he did. now hes dead so let him rest in peace. maybe if theres a after life he'll be at peace.He couldn't get to it earlier?Possible financial issues compounded by pending divorce/irs issues.None of your business. He has a great family.
i have very very good friends that are muslims  here in the united states from iraq,syria,jordan,and palistine when my father was ill in indiana and i was in texas they drove me up there to see him they have always treated me with the upmost respect they would tell me i was like a sister to them they helped me more then some of my own family so to Ahmed,Jabar,Osama,Hassan,Mohammed in Houston Texas thank youI have met lots of Muslims. it is the same as meeting anybody else. you met people and then decide what you think of each different person you metyes,i've met a muslim shi is my friend a close friendTasty!depends on the muslim just like it depends on the white boy. i grew up with a lot of kids whos parents were from pakistan, and theyre super cool. quite wealthy, but not tacky about it as americans would be. they also seem to have a better understanding of family, and doing whatever it takes for family, than americans do. very few are radicals, as Islam is a religion of peace. the ones i knew were quite annoyed with this whole 9/11 thing, like blacks were "annoyed" by segregation.Muslims are not different from any other homo sapien on this planet. Actually, what matters is how he/ she thinks of the others. If he she thinks that they are the only human kind to be existed on this planet, then whether it is Muslim or Christian, they are idiots. They could be dangerous also, if they are smart enough to take control of the system.It made me realize how mind-bogglingly stupid racist people are. Muslims are really no different than anybody else I've ever met except they have idiots being racist towards them.Yes I did, but it wasn't as nasty as the time I meant a christian.i meet muslims everyday n i don't think that they give some different kind of experience than what meeting different people gives.
Do you mean, put up or shut up? Or are you right? I don't know, nut up sounds funny.It is what a guy must do ,before he must get the f#$k out of my house,right after he brings me a shot of Patron and an ice cold pacifica clara beershut up means "stop talking"stop talking!(cuz we don't need your opinion or we don't like to hear what you're about to say)...
Nicolas Cugnot who designed the first car in 1769 made another steam-driven vehicle two years later, also at the Paris Arsenal. The machine reportedly ran quite well, although on one occasion it ran into a wall, thus recording the world's first motor-accident.The first fatality in a steam-driven vehicle may have been Mary Ward who on 31 August 1869 fell under a steam-driven car in Ireland [1].. . In the UK, the first person to die in a petrol-driven car collision was a pedestrian, Bridget Driscoll, in 1896. The first driver/passenger deaths occurred on 25 February 1899. A 6 HP Daimler, driven by 31-year-old engineer Edwin Sewell, crashed on Grove Hill, a steeply graded road on the northern slope of Harrow on the Hill, Middlesex, now in north-west London. A rear wheel collapsed after breaking its rim and the car hit a sturdy brick wall. Sewell was killed immediately when he and his passenger, a Major Richer, were thrown from the vehicle. Richer died 3 days later in hospital. The spot is now marked with a commemorative plaque.
"Field Day" is designed to test the capabilities of amateur operators in "emergency operating conditions".  Should a disaster occur, hams need to be sure their equipment can be set up and operated in less than ideal conditions.  Contests test the ability of hams to make contacts all over, to be sure they can handle traffic under many conditions.It is called "Field Day". The object of the fun is to contact as many stations as possible using all the Amateur radio bands. The second purpose is to practice working in less than optimal conditions, which explains wire antenna in trees and the use of portable generators for power.
Basically the reason fuel costs to the consumer keeps rising is G R E E D ! The oil producers and refineries are posting record breaking profits. If you pay attention to vehicle traffic patterns, flight schedules and fuel consumption by industrial users, you'll see there has been no reduction in the amount of fuel available to keep them going, therefore there is no shortage of fuel. If there was a shortage, you'd see less cars , trucks and buses on the highways, right? Airlines would cut flights, and trains would add cars to carry a higher demand in public transportation. That hasn't happened. . . Why does a gallon of gasoline cost $5.00  - $6.00 in Europe and only $3.00 the US? The cost of producing gasoline is the same in both places, and it cost less to ship raw oil from Saudia Arabia to Germany than it does to ship it to Califiornia. Taxes!!! Profits !!!  . . All countries have governmental controls on the price of fuels, some have very high subsidies while others have very high taxes. European countries have the highest taxes, and the Middle Eastern countries have the highest subsidies. The rest of the world fall somehere in between. . . Demand is definately a factor. China has become a huge factor and will continue to keep intensifing the demand because it is the fastest growing ecomomy in the world. Demand has nothing to do with a shortage, it just means gasoline is more valuable and if you don't pay the higher price, someone else will.Because whee ruining out of itThe oil companies are gouging us big time.Good question, you would think that fuel prices would have gone down because we were supposed to be "rolling in oil" after Bush promised that the Iraqi oil fields would be used to pay for the war.Supply and Demand, it is a basic economic principal. There is a finite supply of fuel and the demand for that supply is great, so the fuel goes to the person willing to pay the higher priceYou are controlling it; you keep buying it.Taxes are the biggest factor in the price of fuel.. Government regulation also add on a high cost.. Then there are the insane terrorist who want to prevent free trade by blowing themselves up for their fantasy virgins.  Lastly it is hard work drilling for oil and delivering it to market.  A better question is why do we buy bottled water at 1 dollar for 12 ounces when it's no better for us than tap water.  Why do we buy huge gas guzzling SUV's when we could be driving efficient cars or using mass transit.   Anyways fossil fuels are a long way from running out don't believe the hype.cause Bush won't let us use too much bio-fuel, cause like he said...we gotta eat some of the corn too!  where was his speech writer then?you should ask the central ministersomebody wnts to make money at u r expense.i think because people think that we are going to run out of oil, so that is why the price is so high. the world is really not running out of oil, there is tons of oil that is in the dirt, etc, but free flowing oil is running out
I love this weather we are having here in the UK at the moment, however i hate having to work in it, thank god foe the weekend.I love the warm weather, I just recently came bck from Okinawa, Japan and the yr. round weather was terrific.Hot weather is the best.  Especially at the Colorado River in the Intense summer, going next weekend...supposed to be 110 degrees Fahrenheiti love it .25I was born and raised in Guadeloupe, French West Indies and the average temperature all yr long is 27° c! It's not always easy! Today for instance was a very hot day! It was very disturbing!. But most of the time, I like it.I love it. I took a sickie on Wednesday and today as holiday so I could enjoy it!lolz i know...umm depends when its getting really cold in  November then yeah i'm totally missing the warm weather....and when its so hot as it is now days i missing the Winter chill :)The hot weather that the UK is having at the moment is horrible.  It is making me very ill, even with the air conditioning in my work place going full blast.  It has to be around freezing to make me happy and feel well.I love it. I'm glad you said warm because it never gets hot in this country, the UK.i like warm weather but i dont like wearing skirts in public cause my legs are fat so i hate wearing pants in summer, but i like it cause i can wear a skirt in my garden and tan my legs even though they never get seen, hehe.. . its very hot in the uk at the mo! yayI live in ireland, and other than being stuck indoors doing the junior cert all day, i'm loving the weather! I hope it continues!!!!. lovin the UK too! i'm 3/4s British!. i'ts about 29 at the middle of the day, but only about 21 at this time of night.Loving our English Summer,but would like it a little cooler at night ,so I can sleep!!(wearing nothing,no bedclothes and a fan on all night,still not sleeping!)Other than that, long may it last.I'm in the UK too (South) and I love it, although on every day of the week I seem to get burnt in new places! But yes I think it's great!CALIFORNIA IT IS 80 DEGREES.  ITS PRETTY HOT THATS 23 DEGREES TO YOU.yeah but when it gets toward summer it gets really hot about 89 is our lowest but the highest is 103.i dunno. i like the warm weather ,but i like it cold better.Loving the weather up here in Liverpool, not sure of the temperature but boy, it's hot!love it I'm in London the only thing about it is i cant sleep that's why I'm on here at 155 amI love hot weather, 27 degrees is nothing as i regularly experience 40 degreesi love it, not when im in my working gear though. went to the beach today... is was hot....very hot!i live in the uk 2 and the weather is super hope we keep
Global warming. Wait till it goes 6 weeks or more.cause it's summerI'm in Chicago, and its rained all this week! Maybe it hasn't reached y'all yet, you're lucky cause I'm sick of it.
man are really dump because man really need women so badly so he doing wrong thing rape under 18 year old because that man need sex so men thinks that under 18 year old cant call police or cant remember who that person did it but men should know better go have date over 18 year old best ways and respect women what she want sex or notbecause they that they get power raping actually they r real succersthat's a complex issue and not to explain in a few words...but control and force is the basis.. . . ( and for sure not an issue to make jokes about @ curious )They are mentally sick, real sick!People rape other people for control only. It's not because they can't get a woman or man to sleep with them..  . It's strictly to feel in control.Because they're sick perverts who obviously aren't satisfied with women their own age and must pick on those who can't protect themselves. .  It's all about control, they like to control their victims and they find it easier to control a young girl than a woman.they're sick..............................................................a sick loseri guess cause they dont get pregnant ?EWWW! Im little and a girl....Will it happen to me??? WAH!!! If I get insomnia, I'll be charging you!There has also been a lot of men raping little boys.  Men raping other men.  Women teachers having sex with students.  Its not men raping little girls.. . Who knows really why a man would rape a woman or girl.   Perversion?  Maybe he wants to fill powerful?  . . All I know is it makes me sick.
It was historic, one of the reasons for their belief was the Holy Bible: King Saul ordered all witches and mediums evicted from the land of Israel, but when it came down to it he visited a witch in the city of Endor(Endor and Endora, mother of Samantha on Bewitched) and she raised the prophet Samuel (1st and 2nd Samuel books of the Old Testament) from the dead.  So, ghosts are also believed in.Cause they didn't believe in science, and they were stupid (in a nutshell)Mass hysteria. This slave told stories of witches to these two girls who then pretended to be possessed and accused the slave of being a witch. It snowballed from there
Military addresses use APO (Army or Air Force Post Office) or FPO (Fleet Post Office for the Navy, Marine Corps, or Coast Guard) instead of the city name, and then the "state" name is AA (for Americas), AE (for Europe), or AP (for Pacific), e.g.: . The letters before or after their name is their rank.. On the lines between the first and last lines are just what unit they work for.their rank their unit number  what barits they are in .  I think  it has been along time since i have wrote someone in the army
Does it really matter who Zac dates? Is that Haley or Ashley??Because Zac lied? That would be the simplest answer. Maybe someone else did. I would try to think more about the situation (which I have no understanding about), but I just don't care. Crap, I think I've already spent to much time on this answer...I hope you don't miss your soap opera.Everybody? First of all you're assuming that "every body" even gives a toss ...
Isn't that the holiday for remembering when a shipment of mayo sank with the titanic?? LOL ( get it sinko the mayo)!May 21st is when they Chlieans celebrate their victories in the War of the Pacific.. . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/War_of_the_Pacific
June 6 - Durham & South Carolina Railroad operates its first revenue train, Bonsal to Durham, North Carolina. The date, when written as a six-digit date and the zeroes removed, evaluates to the Number of the Beast (numerology) (666).  OK, so nothing apocalyptic happened on the last 6-6-06, but lots of folks get the willies about the Mark of the Beast and the devilish (below) number 666. SeeI dunno!! What's going to happen tomorrow 6/6/06???Cunard Line's RMS Lusitania is launched at the John Brown & Company shipyard in Glasgow, Scotland.Good question!  It has happened before!  I hadn't even thought of that!it came and went just like tomorrow will, get a good nights sleepI heard, just this morning, that it's when Satan really comes out and does his thing. Destroy lives. Bit like Black Friday but 100% worse.Nothing has ever happened or it would be big and everyone would know about it.The world ended!lol! I bet our grandparents or great grandparents didnt freak out on that date!It's still 6/5Finally, a question that is nota exactly about 6/6/2006.  It is going to be a normal day, just as it was 100 years ago and for the record"    IT IS ALREADY 6/6/06 IN OTHER PARTS OF THE WORLD AND WE ARE STILL STANDING AREN'T WE?  http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/  For example in China is is already the Morning of 6-6-06 and nothing new, so that tells you we are going to be just fine.nothing i know, why do you know what happened on 6/6/1906 as today  same nothing happens
You are right: As an American myself I am so disgusted with the people who are trying to say that either(it didn't happen),or our government caused it:. Osoma Bin Ladin the self proclaimed leader of Al Quid representing the Islamic fundamentalist said himself he planned the attack against the USA,and sent his operatives to carry out the suicide mission:. Anyone thinking other wise is either just stupid or they have some hidden agenda to try to disscredit our government: Either way it is all lies our government had nothing to do with it.It shocked them as much as it did all Americans. It was done by Fundamentalist Islamic Jihadiast,who believe in killing those who refuse to join Islam:They are retards and they worship the king of all retards Al GoreWhy are you so hell-bent on believing they didn't.Yes, I believe it was a conspiracy. A terrorist conspiracy prepatraited by islamic fascists led by Ossama Bin Ladden.The Islamic jihad plan to hijack the planes was planned well in advance of 9-11 and only fools and complete idiots believe that our own government or President Bush planned it!  We should be outraged at those Islamic Fascists who murdered several thousand Americans and never forget!Sadly, never say never.  Bottom line, we won't ever know - that's politics for you.  :)ur right they should let by the way bush is a jack ass bitchBecause people believe what they want to believe.   There's a lot of people out there who want to believe that it was some evil government plot because they don't like a lot of the things that have come as a result of 9/11 (Gitmo, Iraq War, etc).  They really really hate the Bush administration, and they are ready to believe any crazy story as long as it discredits George Bush or his allies.  I wish I could say this type of ignorance and self delusion was uncommon.Because many people have nothing better to do with their lives than sit around inventing ridiculous conspiracy theories.
About 50 lbs. Maybe 7 feet nose to tip if tail.40-60 lbs.
Almost got overdrawn in bank acc't. Caught it in time.The world didn't end in global warming, or with an asteroid.. . Actually, the 06/06/2006 took place four years ago.  A fifteenth century priest figured incorrectly.The worst thing to happen was paying too much for lunch at Pizza Hut today, and it wasn't very good. Not exactly the end of the world, but it was the end of my spending money,LOL~Started my period and have the cramps really bad. Also weather is predicting sever thunderstorms till 12:00 2night. Other then that every things been perfect :).my boyfriend heard today that he MIGHT not graduate..didn't win the lottery :(Heard that Hillary, Jesse, Teddy  and the members of F.A.G. (Film actors Guild) where still alive.got to sleep all day.My daughter turned 10 and I had a wonderful day with my fiancee...it was a great day for us.
The media (journalists) are supposed to reveal the FACTS and put their biases aside. Now, the media is owned by giant companies that have interests in everything from electricity to food and entertainment. The companies have exerted their influence over their journalists and now you have nothing but partial truths.. . As long as it serves the corporate interests it all works fine.That's a pretty wide open question.  Media could be reliable news sources, or it could be the National enquirer. Everybody's perception is differentBecause the media gives people things that they WANT to believe.  Sometimes facts are not as exciting.Example? althought it's important to point out where you're getting your "facts"becuase they are guilbe they can easily be decived and just accpet things as they are.often it is percieved that the media are the facts but what people dont realize is that the media is no different than any other company.......it has to make money and therefore can spin stories to fit there plan. i tend to feel that the media although not all bad should not be trusted on a single bases and you should add other sources to confirm stories.....hope this helps.Media is around us all the time with billboards, TV, radio, etc.  We are constantly exposed to it and I think people sometimes have trouble distinguishing fact from the media.  Many people think that the media is telling you the truth and do not realize that the different media companies/stations are biased towards one side or another.because they do not have the time to run around and investigate facts for themselves for every given story under the sun
sponge people everything pants, get it ? OK the kids growing up say hey i wanna be different and hey being black is played out and being a punk is getting played for the 3rd time and no one wants to be a cowboy unless hes getting pumped in the butt, and its the naughty alternative if it was accepted only the gays would be gay but since its forbidden everyone wants to break the rules. open the gates to Mexico and we wont have illegal immigrantsI dont even notice that...so, does it really matter.Not from what I've seen. They still all want to be gangsta.yo thats just wrong man.People are just coming out more because of the stars we see on TV are.Society is making it easier for people to come out plus it is not like people just start being gay because it is a trend but it has been going on for centuries.Check out the bible and other ancient times.
When reading the news it seems to me that there is a lot of fuss over how he died and how long it took, while at the same time most politicians highly praise his death as a blow to terrorism. This could be a good thing while at the same time it could create resentment and more insurgent led attacks. I'm under the impression that he was considered somewhat of a crazy, fanatical leader but now that he's dead people have a greater tendency to consider him a hero and try to imitate his actions. I think it would have been much more effective if he would have been captured  -- like Sadam was."it will not affect or anything..if he died someone will stood out for him bigger and stronger than him and most powerful.if GI's kills Zarqawi then expect worst turn back from Muslim group.they are not few people they are many and operate around the world.So the death of Zarqawi will not affect any insurgents..it will trigger to be more aggressive and oppressive.Generally, the big terrorist org work mainly on the support of a few(2-3) ppl. So Zarkari's death will be a big blow to Al Quaida as he was one of the topmost men.  You know what, he was the 2nd most wanted wanted man after Bin LadenI don't know how the insurgency opperates. but here what I think will happen. 1) there will be a leader. 2) if other think he is weak they will fight to bring another person to be another leader. 3) it been reported that obn didn't like zarqawi method so  maybe that don't change anything
Nothing.. He'll get over it.. If he doesn't then that's his problem.i try to do some thing that he forget itMaybe it's a little problem for you...but a big one for your friend.. Try to sit down and talk about it. Sometimes it's just a misunderstanding and talking helps.  Sometimes you have to apologize...even if you are wrong, if you want to save your friendship. Life is too short...and full of little problems.
Censure severely or angrilyYou stupid idiot get a dictionary.   It isn't that diffucult to get off your lazy butt and use your own freaking brain.. . There you have just been berated :)www.m-w.com. to abuse verbally, to scoldTo belittle. Some who feels superior to you berates you. In life, the ying and yang is about domination and submission. The dominator berates the submissive.to berate means to put someone downBerate. To rebuke or scold angrily and at lengthberate means to criticize severely or in anger.criticize very much
big business and the filthy rich control this country's government. you think yur vote counts, lol! they dont even count them all!As long as there are people like you mouthing off, all the future presidents will be similar! Try to relax more.Bush was elected democratically, so you can’t do much about it.You can't get Bush out of office b/c Republicans like me don't want him removed. You may not see it but at this time, GOP owns the House and Congress.. . You call this the best lying government in the world at this time, What time were we not the best lying government? Name one administration where the President/ruling party did not lie?. . Also, impeachment does not mean removal from office. Clinton was impeached and wasn't removed from office. It takes quite a bit to get someone out."we the people" can't get rid of bush because he HASN'T done anything WRONG except make you mad.. Criminal acts deserve impeachment.... . I don't think i'd want to kick bush out of office.... Everything he's being blamed for isn't even his doing.... . Talk to clinton and his administration about whats going on in the middle east...do some research.. . Congress voted for war...not Bush.. Congress can end it...they won't.. . and we are at war with the terrorists only..... . You want change?. . Don't blame Bush...vote for your congressmen and women this fall.... . THEY'RE the ones who REALLY make the final decisions.... . Or didn't you take  your constitution test in school?. . you might want to brush up on that.Because he was elected by U.S people. The U.S is a democratic country.
if you dont ask questions, you will never get answers!!!!because you are curious to the others and their opinions!so I can get points for answering themidk, why am i answering questions???How the hell should I know?BOREDwhy not have some fun instead of hoarding your points..How the hell do I know?so you can give people who are bored at work something to do, i thank you on behalf of the work forceBecause you have no other important things to do at this very momenti don't know. probably because you have nothing else to do.cuz u r bored and stupid :D. noooo im just kiddin!! . mmmmmmmmm probably cuz u r boredGOOD QUESTION!!!. wrong answer!!!. so why the H... don't YOU just LOG OFFFFF!!!2 points.I ask out of curiosity to what other people think. Some people are just freakin addicted to this......Mabey you are just bored :-)Because you want answers...I don't knowyou are asking questions because you are in hell, maybe?to get right answer or for fun....so then you can give me 10 points for answering them.    ;)am more worry about my self ,why do I read other's questions?. n'est ce pas?
Well if you have someone in ur family that can print you a copy that works for the school but if nobody u know that can print u a copy than ud have to either hack into the computer system or be very sneaky around the files... Personaly i wouldent hack into the schools record they all have a record shelf that they keep all the records in.... other info just about the school just go into and ask the consler about it or principal or Vice Principle!! Hope i helped!!. .                                                    YankeesBoi101How do you find information about high schools  or a person in a high  school and their information well ... they have rate my school websites with information. But when it comes to finding out about a person maybe Reunion.com ... or facebook lolYou could either go to classmates.com or either go to yahoo and click on people search but then you'd probably have to pay for all the personal information that you want. Hope you find what you're looking for! :)
The military, political, and ideological barrier established between the Soviet bloc and western Europe from 1945 to 1990. . A barrier that prevents free exchange of ideas and information.After WWII the Soviet Union expanded its control over neighboring countries in Eastern Europe imposing communist puppet governments in those countries.  Soviet society was at odds with Western capitalist/democratic governments and was extremely secretive in its internal operations.  Much of what went on in the Soviet Union and the bordering Eastern European countries was a bit of a mystery to the West for some time.  In this context, it was Winston Churchill who described the communist Eastern European (i.e. Eastern Block) countries as an Iron Curtain.  The Iron Curtain was in essence the Border line between Western European Democratic governments and Eastern European communist governments.The Iron Curtain referred what happened to the countries of Eastern Europe that fell under the control of the Soviet Union following World War 2.  They were controlled by Communist Moscow to become the USSR.  . . The term "Iron Curtain" was used in a speech following the war by Winston Churchill.  He warned that the Soviets would put those countries behind an "Iron Curtain".Iron curtain is like a barrier that prevents free exchange of ideas and information.. The "Iron Curtain" is a Western term made famous by Winston Churchill referring to the boundary which symbolically, ideologically, and physically divided Europe into two separate areas from the end of World War II until the end of the Cold War, roughly 1945 to 1990.. For more information on this check this link.. http://www.answers.com/topic/iron-curtain. . Good luck.It is (was?) a euphamism used to describe the barrier between the communist world and the rest of the world.The Iron Curtain is the name that was given to the Berlin Wall. It means the Berlin Wall.
WW I started in 1917.  The holocaust didn't occur until WW II which was from 1938-1945 when Adolph Hitler of Germany and the Nazi party basically exterminated all the Jewish people he could find.  Which is kind of ironic because Hitler himself was part Jewish...one assassination started ww1 -- 6 million dead Jewish people was almost hidden from the world by the end of the war with Germany during ww2hilter wasn't involed  w/ world war one i think. and i think more people died in the holocaust. and the holocaust is when hilter was trying to get more. land from other countries. and world war one is when Austria got mad at another country cuz there duke was murdered there and they were angry . also cuz Austria thought they had land in the one country so they attacked themmore systematic organized death of prisoners,with world war 2About 20 years.. To the above clueless poster...both wars were fought in Europe,just at different times by different governments.. And there's no such thing as a stupid question,just rude answers.Different place, different time, different people, different reasons.They happened at different time. WWI is not WW2, though both are wars. Holocaust is related with WW2, but means specific genocide, not military collisions between countriesyou are retarded. WWI was fought in europe the holocaust was the genocide of the jews by Nazis during WWII.
just insert the enhancements and tune in the radio........as simple as that........... . actually good question...........!!! I would like to know the same......You have to purchase a phone with the radio ability already in it. When you do that you may have to insert something like an antenna or whatever to make it work. My nokia has a radio in it but only works if I plug the headset that comes with it in the bottom of it. . . So if you are ready for a new phone make sure you ask if it has a radio option. OR you can just get the new Sliver and just load MP3's to it. No commericals. Bada bing bada boom.
hello , if you know where the company is why dont you go there yourself? betterstill if they keep going round and round you could get a lawyer to help you out i think thats the best thing to do. hope you have legal documents on the contract that to say documents to show you had a contact to work for them and how much money they will pay you .you might consider to go to small claims courtNotify the Attorney General of the state they are in and also the state you are in. Then tell them you are doing it. It worked for me real fast.
Because people are selfish. If it doesn't affect them in any seen way then they just ignore it. We are so wrapped up in our lives that we can't see beyond our own noses.The sad part is that the Palestinians arn't any better toward the Israelis.  Why can't we all just get along?  We do here in the states!  It really is not hard accepting other people and their cultures and religions.  Why is it so hard everywhere else?  I just don't understand it.  It can be done....we've proved it here!First you need to get your facts straight,  where'd you get those, the NY Times?  I fully support Israel.Free Palestine...the Isrealies are the real terrorists.You should realize that many of the autrocities commited by Israel have been reciprocated by the Palestine authority. Neither side is right, but as it stands, Israel has more global support.. . T.Let the Muslims bring in Osama Bin Laden and give him to Bush!  Then you can talk!!!  The Muslims are hiding Bin Laden and he killed 3,000 americans on 9/11 alone.  Bring him in..  . About Israel, they are God's chosen people and when you leave them alone, you won't get bitten.. God gave Israel their country and the whole Arab community needs to get it through their head that nobody will ever again take it away, NOBODY.  . When you all try in the battle of Armageddon Jesus himself will kill so many that the whole valley will flow horse bridle deep with the blood of those that try to kill Israel.  . Saddam Hussein did not come on a white horse, and neither will Iran or any other nation conquor Israel.As much as i knw...n i don't knw much . I hear its cause of all the rich jews hear in the US who hav power over the president n the media...so no one really questions wt isreal does..even the media only reports the palestine' side of brutality not the isrealis.. i hear...You are a Nazi that can't spell.its called hidden infoIf the give the solidre back they will get quite.. . Check the link and see if you see your future thereHey guys, ease up on the insults! Savo is a young Egyptian girl. who is entitled to her view. We need to listen to what kids like her have to say. All I have to say about the spiralliing violence in Palestine is that it will never end while we have idiots like conradmex running around spouting a lot of sh*t! Chosen people? Do you really believe that crap? This 'superior', stupid and insular attitude is the cause that NOBODY really likes having. Jews in their countries. That is why Israel was created, (big mistake!) because wherever you narrow-minded arrogant bigots are there is trouble! For close to 2,000 years Palestine belonged to the Palestinians, where the minority of Jews lived in comparative peace with them. But when the Israelis became the majority, that's when the sh*t started! . And do you know what? I don't give a sh*t if you call me an 'anti-semite', with your actions in the Middle East, more and more people are becoming 'anti-semite'. You were IMPOSED on Palestine, and instead of acting like good neighbours, you started bloodshed.. And I don't care if you 'report' me either, somebody has to tell you the truth.
Cannot answer because you neglected to tell me where you are. There are thousands of celebrations every day of the year in the world.Check out this link for information on all celebrations round the year.. . http://www.123greetings.com/events/Watch the world cup, unless you are in Scotland.do not worry about the end of the world it will come and when it does it does
go to the library and look up old newspapersCan you please give the name of City, State and Country where he died.. Interesting question. Let me try it... Wait till I edit my answertry searching it on google. i found one webpage but you have to pay for it. if you would like to use it. its this: http://www.newspaperarchive.com/obituarylanding.aspx?landing=4&gclid=CNjMmaPz5oUCFQ5YHgod_1fswAIf you know where he died get in touch with the newspaper and ask them or go to library and find it............paper might have website , so you can search from homeDepends on WHere.  Some newspapers archive their entire issues, others just the main articles. Call the newspaper and ask if they have an online searchable archive. . . If not, ask if a past issue may be purchased and give them the date.
Comes from frustration with women and not being able to explain it, let alone the woman won't listenTruth is it takes all kinds and it's not confined to the men only; we call women all kinds of things too. And "jerks" and other offensive types can be found anywhere in the world.its their nature.. women will never understand itI would venture a guess, that it's the same reason some women can be bit(hes sometimes, it just the nature of the beast. Maybe one day the human race will grow-up, I can only hope........i dont know some loose wire in their heads i guess.. or maybe there just guided by their ( u know what)...:)eventually everyone loses their cool. plus not all men are the same.  some are just jerks.  some aren't.It's in our wiring. A lot of time we can be jerks without even realizing it... it isn't always intentional.. but that doesn't make it right. Good luck with thatHonestly, everyone's a "jerk" at one point or another. People think that they're better than someone, and they show it. People like to treat others badly because it makes them feel good. Sometimes they don't know that they're a "jerk" and continue on with what they're doing. Sometimes, they're just plain mean for no reason at all.Women teach men everything they know, thats why.   Men nowadays dont know how to act.   We have women telling us what a real man is supposed to be.  We have the femi-nazis trying to castrate us.   We have the homosexuals telling us we're all gay.   We have Ophrah comparing us to Chimps.   . . With all the different forces pulling and twisting on us in every direction there is no wonder why we act like jerks sometimes.    We know no better.   Women let us be men and the cloud of confusion will dissipate.    Brokeback mountain will slide into the sea.   Just let us watch our sports, and drink our beer,  and we'll be fine.   No,  I will NOT carry your purse for you.Because, all the time would be to much.. . I can be nice to but lets face it you started it. Now you want to kiss and make up?
Contact the paper and tell them you need an article from the archives.  Give them the date the article appeared.  Also check on line to see if it is available that way.i dunno but you can always pay for or get the free subscription from ancestry.com and they have tons of papers you can scan thru from all over. i did a yahoo image search but obviously nothing came up for me.
I was upstairs in my sophomore apartment/dorm. My roomie hollered up the stairs at me. I couldn't believe it, I just stood there looking down at her in complete shock. Needless to say, it was an excellent excuse not to attend classes.I was pregnant asleep on the couch when the news flash came across the TV. I woke up and told my boyfriend I had a real F'd up dream. It was about the Princess dying. He informed me that it was not a dream and that I must have heard the news in my sleep.I was sleeping and my husband at the time was up with our infant son, and he came in the room woke me up and said " The Princess Died"From TV news.Didn't believe it.False news.no but the day kurt cobain died my friends and i had gone to the movies, got out to our car and kept hearing Nirvana songs on the radio and were like, what did kurt cobain die or something? and then the DJ came on and said,in case you haven't heard...I was driving home from Washington DC & the radio announce That Princess Di had been critically injured in a car accident...  Then 5 minutes later they reported that she had died.I was taking a bat when  i heard on my duck radio.I heard it was some kind of car crashShe's dead?  Really?   I thought she just smelled that way.I think i was it on the front cover the my local newspaper the morning after it happenedFrom a co-worker, when I was returning from lunch.I was sitting by the TV studying for a test when I first heard.Driving down Va. Beach Blvd.  Heard on the radio.yes i was watching tv
Just lucky I guessIf you mean in the U.S. ...George Washington was offered a throne and refused it. Thank heavens. I'm so glad he knew that was not best for our fledgling country's future.there are, just not in the USA. that's a dictorial form of leadership and we have a democracy here.what do you mean why arent there.  there are too.  like the queen of england.
Hot and Sunny, Dallas Texas.They don't call it Hotlanta just cause its so crunk down here!!East Texas...Hot and SunnyPensacola Florida.  We have SUNSHINE.  It is a beautiful day out there, but HOT HOT HOT!humid - NYhot and humid-houstonVery hot and sunny OKlahoma
i was wondering that last night myself, maybe the people had underlying health problems they didn't know about. it's really hard to say. its a mystery.What a terrible phrase to use about the demise of another fellow  human being! A king ought to do better than that!1. some Dumbo forgot to wear his seatbelt when the ride began feel of the coaster and landed to the floor like a pancake. . 2. some one was to skinny to fit into the seatbelt, slipped right out. . 3. the seatbelt was not properly built was dodgy and during the ride gave way and the person was doomed. . 4. some wacko in a dare took of his seatbelt during the ride for more "danger" and found him self in a 'dangerous' situationumm, they may be dying of the hieght, the roller coasters... i don't know!It's always silly to ride a coaster... :)
You know actually, I was waiting for something like that to happen sooner or later. Canadians are involved in Afghanistan after all.who are they busting? Growers?it is bound to happen-----bin laden has put an option to poor hopeless muslims------all muslim countries are getting radicalized(brainwashed)The other answer mentioned poor muslims but almost always it has been shown that the terrorists who carry out these deeds are well educated and have the means to travel and get the materials they need. I am an American and am not surprised at the fact that there are people who want to do violent things anywhere. Like an arsonist who loves to watch a building burn, I think there is a mental state where people love to watch other people's pain and tragedy. I can't help but think that some of these terrorists are sitting back gloating and smiling about the damage they have done. It is a sickness that drives humanity apart.I think the politicians are concentrating on the wrong border.I think it's a joke. Look folks, as far as the United States and Britain are concerned, Canada has been seriously lagging behind as far as post 9/11 security/surveillence measures are concerned. In other words, we weren't becoming a police state like them fast enough so this "terror bust" was orchestrated as a way of saying, "Ok, Canada- now do you believe you're not immune? Get spying on every corner like the rest of us already!!!". I mean, it's easy to pick out a couple dozen middle eastern names and faces and say, "Look! These guys are terrorists!" Thing is, not only is that kind of action gratuitously insulting to our inintelligence, it's racist as hell. . So, now, we can expect to find CSIS doing widespread telephone and internet surveillence in Canada; expect to find Canadians needing a mandatory "National ID Card" within the next couple years; expect to find tighter immigration and border patrols and expect to see cameras on every corner in Canada just like there is in the States and in Britain. Kiss the home and native land we so cherish goodbye. It's police state time.
Man, have you seen liquid nitrogen? you cannot spray it it is really coldHow're you going to get all that liquid nitrogen way up there, and keep it cold?  How do you get it to where it needs to be, fast enough to prevent storm formation?  Who's paying for the gass for the transports?  How will all that fuel use affect the atmmosphere?  What happens to those massive amounts of liquid nitrogen, anyway?Because that would be detrimental to the environment.
lol..... imagine that .....a US citizen..... born here... getting those   benefits!!!!!  now you know darn well...   you need to be an illegal alien  to be here,  work , pay no taxes, send the money back to support your real countries economy, get  welfare ,  free schooling,and other benefits that the  the tax payers  here  are drained to pay for., the freedom to protest  waving your flag above the US flag... etc...........  no  hablo... No Service!!! lol...Become Bubba's b*****! ;>)You, as a Caucasian U.S. citizen born and bred in America, can claim tax exempt status if you make under a certain amount of money.  I, as a caucasian born and bred US citizen, claim tax exempt status because as a non-traditional college student working part-time to put myself through school do not make enough money for the government to tax...it's as easy as trying to become a productive citizen instead of bitching about those who are.You are greedy, selfish, ignorant, not to mention obese.. I'm sure you're already claim neediness and are on welfare!!.  But tha'ts not enough, huh?You can claim anything you want,  just dont let the IRS hear about it.
You are absolutely right. That girl is too young and dumb to realize how lucky she is to have gotten caughtI think the same thing would have happened. Most would make fun of the guy and say things like 'jailbait' and make fun of his fondness for girls who are not the legal age of consent.
you know, ive always asked myself this question...if you are blind...how can you drive to the drive up ATM? i dont know but its a great question...melCuz blind people still know how to walk to the atm..I hope you thought of this yourself, cuz there are 2 blind men in my area that go to the atm, via walking there alone.GOOD ONE !!!!!!!!!  Never thought about it ~So blind drivers can use the drive-up too.Because they manufacture only one kind of ATM and they just put it in different "boxes" so it can fit the different needs. It would be much more expensive to have separate production lines for each kind of ATM. It also cheaper to produce one kind of keypad and not many different kinds. Your question should be why they have so many ATMs with touch screens without hearing aidthe passenger could be blind.I've thought about it many times!!  It doesn't make sense for it to be for the blind passenger unless they get out of the car, walk around to the ATM machine, enter their code (as if they know what questions are being asked of them without the driver reading the screen to them), finish their transaction, walk around to the passenger side of the car, and get back in.  It seems they would be riding with a trustworthy person who can do their banking for them.  The only thing I can think of is to make sure they aren't excluded.For the blind passenger(s).For people who go there who what to get  some money that might be blind.lol....never thought about it ...funny
I don't know why.  Perhaps because this is the way we are taught to express our emotions be society, maybe because we know we are supposed to say something, yet can't figure out what it is.Maybe they think your a 'one of the boys' type.It's cause that's the only way they feel they can get close to you.  They have a need for physical touch but can only express that through flirting/hitting you.cuz they are boys. its a mysterySounds like a warning sign.  Tell them to stop, and that it hurts.  If they keep it up, tell them you're not into that kind of thing and leave.Trust me on this one, guys who hit to flirt with you are too insecure to use their 'big boy words' and tell you how they really feel.  If you're in middle school or younger then it's quite normal behavior.  If you're an adult avoid these men like the plague.  . . You DONT, let me repeat DONT want to end up in a relationship with a man who isn't secure enough with himself to actually vocalize his feelings and will forever 'punch you in the arm' when what you really want is emotional intimacy.because they never got over grade schoolFor me it is the opposite way.They do it because it gets attention.  If it hurts, they're going too far and you shouldn't put up with it.. . Yes, girls do it too.  I used to do it when I was 14, but a guy I liked told me it wasn't cool, and I quit.
sure but no more than a day's worth of traffic at any airportWell, according to the Butterfly Effect chaos theory, even the flapping of the wings of a butterfly has an effect on the weather, so I guess the answer would be "yes." However, if you're asking about a significant, predictable effect, then I'd say the answer is "no" for anywhere beyond the immediate area of the launch (those suckers are HOT when they go up, so I would expect the area near the launch pad gets a bit warmer).I don't knowYea, and it pokes a hole in the atmosphere every time it goes into space and another one when it lands.... Too many and the earth will deflate like a balloon!!!  THE END IS NEAR!. . If you believe that, I've got some ocean front property in Nebraska for sale.  Cheap.LOL.  Only a real idiot would ask such a stupid question.. . NO - launching of space ships have no effect on our weather.Unfortunately, yes. You would think that if they can put a man on the moon they could figure out how to make a space shuttle more environmentally friendly. :(The launching just poo's all over the air. It is crazy to think that a little rocket can change the weather. Some body spiked your Milk.. Maybe it was a gay guy they say their very smart people.yepyes a lot!!! On this three days where there was no fly zone over the US, scientist have discovered a huge huge drop in air pollution ozone etc. this would have never bin possible to know if it wasn't for the two (two) airplanes which crashed into the twin towers.Thanks to today's high tech and knowledge about pyrotechnic the twin towers can down highly organized.You can watch this on real videos in Real Player on "Freedom TV" Attention this nothing for people who believe in good governments.Anyway to get at your question.Rockets destroy even more then airplanes, a lot more and airplane and rockets together destroy more of our air blabalbla then cars but include them too and other things as well, like companies,lawn movers&blowers,mashienes,burning forstes and even all the humans and animals fart's (this is a lot!!!!!) and we could destroy a galaxy and we will,dont worry!!!never thought of that before,, good pointDoes peeing in the ocean have an effect?  About the same scale.Nope.  Shuttle uses liquid oxygen and hydrogen which is what we're trying to switch cars to.noNo, it doesn't have any effect.No because the rockets uses Hydrogen and mixes with oxygen to give itself propulsion. Heat that being generated get hot enough to create steam instantly(almost) create the turbulances in the air around the shuttle.yaOf course it does.  I am a Baby Boomer and I remember the great 4 seasons.  Spring, summer, fall and winter.  We did not have any of the garbage weather we have now.  For example I live in the Chicago area.  The winters are very mild, hardly any snow.  Whats with this.  We should have many inches of snow, not that I am complaining.  Last summer was the hot summer we ever had, our grass was brown and we could not even water it because of the watering ban.  We really only have 2 seasons now.  I truly wish that we would stop sending things into outer space and leave things as there where  What is our world going to become many years from now.NoUnfortunately, it does to a very small "degree"...it is the cumulative effect rather than the individual ones...however you might be experiencing some kind of coincidental observation...It has, as was put earlier, a negligible effect. The solid fuel boosters leave a chemical trace, but...The liquid fuel which is used to boost through the upper atmosphere is Hydrogen and Oxygen which, when ignited produces...water vapor. And a lot of it, albeit locally. The clouds you see when a shuttle is launched is mostly  steam condensing to form clouds. As far`as the Ozone hole, the effect is also negligible.. . http://www.faqs.org/faqs/ozone-depletion/intro/. . http://www.habitablezone.com/space/messages/396304.html. . Passenger planes, on the other hand, DO create contrails, which DO have a distinct effect, of cooling the Earth - and perhaps others effects as well.  Clouds are one of the things we still do not have great handle on in terms of meteorology and climatology, but there are increasing numbers of studies on their effects..I do think it would most likely effect our wheather! Have you seen all the smog, everytime they get done "Blasting-Off!!!" Not to mention poking holes in our "Ozone" which I do believe is all the cause for alarm, about "Global Warming".. And, what have we really accomplished, in comparison to the damage done??If one really considers the immensity of the world in comparison with one of our small, tiny rockets, the idea that the thing could actually affect the weather--even in a small region--seems completely preposterous. I would definitely state that the weather won't be affected too greatly, and the impact it might have would really be too small to notice.I think maybe a small portion of the weather does; but people's polution and the wild forest fires have more of an effectThe space shuttle can create contrails, just like all jets, which become visable clouds.  However, they have to mix with real rain clouds to have negligible weather effects.Sure, launching space ships also needs fuel, if the fuel used in our vehicles and industries can cause pollution and weather change, why not it?????Only if they pee while they are blasting offworry about something that matters like cars darlin. they cause 80% of the air polution in the USyes, launching space ships have an effect on the weather, anytime man tampers with something it has consequecnces. . There is no way possible something exits the earths atomosphere at a great speed and not allow for the temperatures goes crazy.The weather, the ozone, all of it. I think they are too worried about cars emissions and what not. They should pay more attention to just one rocket that goes up.i don't think it would. it would have to be millions of launchings to even have a small effect on usIt certainly seems so!From what i heard airplanes and spaceships does have some effect on the weather because when we do have them up there from what I heard from the National Geographic channel it keeps the world 2-3 degrees cooler. When 9/11 happened all the planes were grounded and we were 2-3 degrees hotter.I think the weather affects how successful the launch is more than how the launch affects the weather.  I the case of the most resent launch, the national weather service was predicting "not favorable" weather, for the scheduled launch time, days before the launch happened.I would like to believe that shooting rockets through the atmosphere has more of an effect than aerosol sprays, yes.all of the chemicals they use destroy the ozone layer if they keep doing that we all on GODS green earth will fry to deathyes b/c think about all the fuel your burning on a single flight, 1000's of gallons, all that pollution is worse than 100 cars driving around all daydont look at me. i live in india. but i suggest u worry bout cars more honeyof course it have some effects like polluting atmosphere and more than that creating trafiic in space by sending more and more satelites and all this!
I'm going to skip this one, ok. I can't take any more extra days off this month.it was very special. i had the mass ceremony with natural beautiful flowers everywhere. then i had a comida before the dance. the dance hall was huge, i had about 500 people there. oh and the musicos were cali carranza. do you know them? and of course theres the dance with your dad. its was a special moment for me and i hope for you too. its like going from a little girl to a young woman!
Because it wouldn't help our image in the middle east.  not that I'm opposed to the idea, but congress doesn't even want our troops to use Israeli ammo because it will offend the guys we are trying to stopWhoever began the practice of desecrating the bodies of terrorists would become a target themselves, which would promote further violence.. . On another level, I think it would also lend validity to the extremists belief that there is a glorious afterlife waiting for them. . . IMHO, it is best not to actually practice this burial ritual, but I dont see why this unfounded rumor can't be spread to the detained at places like Gitmo.which pig religion do you belong? really i want to know so that your blood could be used? . i knew some isralies and american do have that blood. so why not kill them and use their bloodIts not a great idea at all.First of all I'd like to say that I'm a Muslim, I would also like to clearify that this whole pig blood burial thing you want to do with muslim bodies is untrue, Islam instructed muslims not to eat pork or any think related to this animal, plus even if it was true God will never take us with other peoples mistakes "specially when we're already dead"... At the end I'd like to say that this kind of thinking is what's increasing your hatred amongst all people "not just muslims" all over the world, It's already enough what you are doing to prisoners in your local & international prisons, I give you that you are indeed the most powerful nation in the contemporary world but I'd like to remind you aswell with history ..no great nation has ruled for ever..Specially when it is unjust, double standards nation..Respect and peace be upon all of you.... N.B We "Muslims" have the utter respect and love for prophet Jesus and I'd like to say that we too are waiting for his come back...That sounds like a very immoral action on our part... and downright weird. Just think of the bad press over that one. I don't think it would discouarge them one bit. It just gives them one more reason to hate us.. . How about treating Muslims with respect... maybe that will give them a reason for the select few to stop blowing things up.what a great idea!good opinion, how can it help the war against terrorism?The "B" horror movies always use it first.. What we need are some gov issue pigs for this cause.. we also need to bury them in an undisclosed location, That would really make them nuts!!!  LOL LOL HA HA!!!!You fool,how dare you think about our religion like that.If you are a christian,you stink with that George bush's blood.but I won't say anything about Hinduism because Hindus won't think of doing such a think..          Why did they ban Da Vinci Code so that we Muslims and Christians don't feel bad about our religion being discriminated. . You are fooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool who doesn't have a brain.What a marvellous Idea. would certainly make all the other fanatics in the world think twice about bombing western countries, if they knew there would be no afterlife for the ones who get caught.we must respect other people's religion even if they dont respect ours, so i say no.
Talk to the sports writer at your local paper or TV station about how they got started and how the job is.  There is a lot to becoming a writer, period.  I wish you the best of luck!Beth, I just had to tell you that me and you were both born in Morris, IL. okThe best thing to do is talk to your local paper and actually try it. One of the things I've learned about life, no matter what you try you always learn from it.
It can't. It goes against basic animal instincts and human nature.When entire humanity embraces it.no matter what somebody is always gonna have a gripe about sumthinThere is one basic problem:  selfishness. i.e. somebody else wants what you've got if whatever you've got is worth having(and sometimes even when it's not).. . It's that way between toddlers at home or toddlers in nursery school.  It's that way all the way through school, and even into h.s and even in college where cheating for grades is just another example of somebody trying to take shortcuts to get what they don't have.. . And there are those who choose not to go to school or work so they can steal from those who do.. . Some just like to break things and hurt people.. . If we can't fix such problems on a local level, e.g. the gang-related problems in our homes, neighborhoods and cities, how can we expect to not have such problems between nations?. . You can talk all you want about differences between cultures, etc.  The basic problem remains the same:  You give me what's yours' or else:  selfishness.. . Can this problem of human nature ever be resolved?  Only on an individual level...but each individual can do a lot of good.  . . Jesus started such a selfless movement.. So they crucified Him for His effort.  . Nothing changes, does it?Love one another as you Love yourself... the formula for peaceEliminate the problem....the Human Race.. . War is caused by greed, jealousy, hatred, beliefs, etc.   .......All human traits.. . As long as their are at least two of different gender walking the earth, the seed of war is kept alive.. . Any and all attempts by Humanity to keep the peace is nothing more than another lesson in Futility.When hell freezes over and all the countries in the world can work together as a united world, a united people, and one united nation.Peace cannot reign in the world everywere, only in small instances that we work hard to make. The little bits of peace that we help build energize us to in turn create more.. One of the largest problems in the world is the "information age". It has complicated society and created a growth that is not only unprecendented it is uncontainable and will only have an eventual negative impact. The solution? pull the plug (I will if everyone else does) after the resulting Chaos is settled many of us will be able to develop small communities and find the peace that we all want.Only when you're surrounded by wars and hatred, you will truly appreciate the value of peace, while in a piece time, human doesnt innovate that much, they tend to be stagnant. well, not a pro-war, but world problems exist because they need to... withough cold war, you may never enjoy internet, microwave and so much more...including international trade ( many countries is forced to open their market with military force, not a very good approach however it proven to be somehow a good go, ex:japan)it will never be truely peaceful.someone,something out there will always be fighting over something,starting a war or blowing something up. the only thing we can do is teach and show peace ourselves maybe someday the rest of the world will catch onThere will never be peace in the world because there will always be a difference in ideas and values and as long as there are differences there will not be complete peace. Religion will never allow for peace, only God can do that.Impeach the Prez! It's a start! Keep crooked politicians out of office...There will never be peace in the world because there will always be a difference in ideas and values and as long as there are differences there will not be complete peacePeace can reign the world when we become one. That will only happen when we are invaded by aliens.anything can be perfect ONLY IF God makes it perfect. this world is not an exception.In the words of hendrix "When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.". . It doesn't seem like everything will be solved. lots of problems is just the fighting alone. I wish that we could all be civilized and stop killing innocent people. As long as there are different counties and cultures, there will always be fighting and problems.What is peace to you?  The absense of war?  If so, ur wrong.  Many countries are not  at war, yet still thousands are being killed there.   In N. Korea,  millions have died in consentration camps,  yet the world remains silent.  Where are the protests for that?  In somalia, the sudan, and Darfur  millions are being killed systematically, and war has not been declared.   Where is the public outcry?   In Russia , the baltics, and many asian coutries such as Thailand, women are sold into slavery  and forced to work in brothels, and where is the protest?  I hear silence?   Why?  Because those places have nothing to do with the USA.   If they did Bush would be blamed for it all, like the world tries to blame him for many things which he has no control over.  . . I dont see peace as being the absense of war.  The world is full of evil men (and women) that seek to destroy others,  and this will never change.   So if one day there is no country fighting a formal war against another, dont think for a second that the world will truly be at peace.   The human organs will still be harvested in China,  the taiwanese will still be threatened by the chinese,  the terrorists will still kill innocent people and threaten the world,  children will still be hunted by sexual perverts,  and people will still blame america for everything they can.  Thats just the way it is.By crushing all resistance and bowing to me.  I will bring peace to the world, as I shall control all worlds.Someone is always after what someone else has. It would be so nice if we could all love one another, heck, tolerating one another would be great for beginners.First off peace would be boring. Instead of peace how about less deadly conflict? . . Second many of the problems of the world tend to boil down to lack of empathy for others. People so wrapped up in the me me me, even if it's externalized selfishness such as fanaticism that they run over others and feel justified in doing so. The dehumanization caused by real or percieved injustice of one's enemy is natural. Few people could kill a human, but a monster, yes they can put down a rabid monster. . . Some conflicts there are no right or wrong. Both sides have valid reasons for fighting and all the peace inititives in the world won't solve a thing. They have to slug it out until somebody wins or they realize it just aint worth it.There have been problems since the beginning of time and has nothing to do with God but man.  God made a perfect world and man ruined it and  will continue to do so, until Armageddonpeace will start from each of us,competing in global market control(US now dominates by $)high powered killing machines,technologies as well as politics!man's greediness might be the root of all evils,discontented people live like in a hell!Better not to react to those senseless thing.we must live to the fullest away from those rude ambitons,so we must promote friendship and good humanitarian act regardless of races! we are all one so must help each other particularly giving aid to those 3rd world country!World peace!!!dreamers!just check ... most problems r man made . so solve ... man only !. . we need 2 get more mature, more tolerant, more HUMANE. . give it a try, man !. - it's sure worth the effortThe problems can't be resolved. There are solutions but world peace is something that can never be achieved. People crave sex, money and power far too much so they're not going to give it up.If you can ask everyone to hold hands.. it might happeni could go for peace....peace of pie....mmm.....pie....soooo gooood.... pie solves everything....It's not going to happen.  It never happened and never could happen.  . . The only way to "have peace" is to bury your head in the sand and let tyrants slaughter their own people.  . . You can't have peace with injustice."I want what you have.  You've got what I want.  Give it to me.  NOW!". . That is what is wrong with the world.. . "You can't make me.". . "Oh yeah?  My daddy is bigger than your daddy.". . "Bang, bang!  You're dead.". . I think everyone needs a big time out!Ultimately, peace is a choice.  In a hypothetical world, peace could be universal on account of consensus among the population -- not regarding every detail of every issue, but simply allegiance to the ideal of peace.. . In that way, disputes might arise from misunderstanding or accidental trespass, but they would always be resolved peaceably.. . Someone argued that apart from human conflict, the world would be boring; I dissent: the industry of man has for too long been directed against other men: there are civil aims to which the labor of mankind ought to be employed.. . In that ideal world, there would be no material disparity and persons would apply themselves primarily to those activities for which they had aptitude:. . fishermen would fish, farmers would raise crops, ranchers would raise livestock, scientists would experiment, teachers would instruct, pornstars would entertain (just seeing if you were still reading) -- but no job would depend for its performance on labor conscripted for economic necessity.. . Moreover, disparity of opulence among dwellings and personal possessions would be matters of personal choice; mechanized transportation would be universal, as would be all modern utilities.. . All of this, of course, depends on the willingness of able-bodied persons to labor for a better society while accepting the laziness of those benefitting from their efforts -- a self-solving problem that would manifest itself on occasion.. . Eventually, doing nothing becomes exceedingly boring, and the energy of everyone else doing what they wanted, when they wanted, would be both seductive and intoxicating:. . Chronic laziness would be eliminated because it is rooted in the absence of hope for a better future in a materialistic society.. . As soon as a person can have anything he or she wants, he or she will discover the passion for applying himself or herself towards some greater thing -- towards building or maintaining or teaching or discovering, etc.. . However, as this world moves inexorably towards totalitarianism, peace will in the short term become an increasingly elusive aim.  After the resistance is quashed, a leader will oversee the reprogramming of the People -- thus creating, albeit artificially, the requisite consensus.. . And, until someone reveals what has been done, the consensus will reign: "peace on earth" -- at least in the sense that brainwashed slaves can be considered "at peace."Well, you don't ask for much, do you?. . Have you ever heard of the Pax Romana?  That's the term that was given (in Latin, since that was their language) by the Romans to what they were doing in building their empire:  they were bringing the Roman Peace to the world.  And that's what peace would be for much of the world: surrender to a dominant authority.. . No, thanks.  I prefer Liberty.. . Different countries have different ideas of how they should live, who should rule, what laws are just, etc.  If you want peace all over the world, the only way I can see would be for one country to dominate all the others, and impose its will on all the world.  What country is honorable enough, and bound by just enough laws, for that to be a good thing?  And what country has the military and economic power to enforce such a dominance?  . . Do the answers to those questions frighten you?  No?  They should!  America is the only country that could conceivably impose its will to that extent.  I live in America, and I would not want George Bush, or anyone elected by the American people the way they are now, to rule the world.  I love my country, I think our Constitution is the best, but we are nowhere near honorable enough to be trusted with world domination.  We don't stick to the principles in our Constitution well enough just running this country, let alone the whole world.At this point it's gonna take a real miracle that's all I can say.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!  who cares if its anyone elses?  Its yours silly!noNO!! But, anyhow, HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!Yesterday, actually.. Happy Birthday! :-)Maybe it's cuz:. . You don't come. You don't care.. . But why don't you come?  Could you elaborate?. . What does that have to do with stupid user names like "Rammohan?"my b-day's not today, but i'd like to wish you a very happy birthday.  HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!no but i hope you have a great birthday and you celebrate it w// everyone you love and get everything you want...remember today is the best day for you in this year it marks your day of life and i hope it is extra special for you!!!!.....heya!!! mine oh is not today!!!! hahahaha it's june 2Happy Birthday Mr Robi.  May all your wishes come trueHappy Birthday...... May God diss you and Satan Bless you ......
States could do it very easily if they wanted. They should just give people jobs, and/or keep a farm to give people food for free. But of course, states are not interested in that, because they need us to be hungry, and poor, so it's easier to manipulate us. It's amazing what people get to do, just because they're hungry and someone promises some food.Gather all the hungry people together in one place.  Kill half of them, and feed their bodies to the other half.. . There you go!let them eat cakeFarming.. . peace out!someone REALLY rich could buy food for all the hungry people. Or we could not spend money on junk and buy canned food and donate it to the Red Crosss or something.Greed, apathy, and the hunger for absolute power will have to be eradicated before "the least of my brethern" will be fed.  Unfortunately, as long as our government continues to cut the budgets for the poor, the numbers of the hungry will increase----not decrease.Start at home with our hungry in the US!! Feed the kids here  firstEduarodi AKA EDWIN has the anser to what yo are saying and this freakish fat knkwos a lot so he can give it to you wothout shiiting in his panties.The best solution to global hunger is to convert the governments of the destitute nations into some form of capitalistic representitive democracy.  You'll notice countries with similar forms of government have no problem feeding themselves.
Is it lucious or Vontavious again they really need to get a life. If it is Vontavious tell him that i will get him and Lucious if they call you agian and u can also tell them waht i told u before. That will help.hahaha.They need help for real.After you have tried all the numbers and IF they haveb't worked, try fowarding your calls to the local police station!! They won't call anymore knowing that everytime they call, they hear a policeman!! good luck..ok well *69 tells you who jsut called you and *67 will block it to where they cant see that it is you calling     i THINK that it is *66 to block them from calling you... try it and let me know how it goes..Look in your phone book.... . It should be in one of the first pages...... . I know i've seen it there........ . I just don't have one.....well *67 blocks your telephone number when you are calling someone else and *69 tells you who called you last, so yes obviously that wouldn't work out for you.  how about calling your phone company and seeing if they can block his calls?call the service provider. they have the power to block any call - if you give them the phone number.no you would call ur local phone provider and have that # blocked....i would also call the police and have harassment charges pressed also...what a creep.
Most newspapers have there papers in the arcives.  You just go to the certain paper you are looking at and pull up there web site, you then can put in the date of the paper you need and it will search and find the paper and then if you know the name of the artical you can look it up by that also.  then you can read it on line.yeah, most newspapers keep a database online of past newspapers, and if not, most search engines can find articles with a specific date. march 6? thats my bday...Go to your local library to periodicals.  The librarian will be able to help you.Most newspapers have an online component. Yahoo search or Google the Mount Vernon News and see if you can pull up those dates. If that doesn't work, you may have to go there in person. If you can't do that, check with the nearest library. They may have copies on file or on microfiche. . Good luck!
because that's his phone # lol.  and also the sign of the devil.Hey!  That's my lucky number too!Go back and read what    xx.beausbabe.xx   has to say because that is the REAL correct answer.666 to me is like my credit card loan. lol.. so evil and tempted to use then can't pay off. =PBecause thats how much your mom weighsits depends upon ones own belief, in the universe many favourable numbers is there. so, why someone thinking in this ways even though mentioned in the bible.Make your thoughts in the right way to reach your target in the shadow of GOD these words are also mentioned in the bible, so try the right one and ignore the poor thinking.I believe 666 is related to the 6 day 6,000 year idea in early Christianity.  Look up what the early church father Irenaeus had to say in Against All Heresies.it is regarded as the devils number because in the bible is says tha 666 is the sign of the mark of the beast.in the mark of the beast represents the devil.and 666 is the devils day.so thats why 666 is regarded as the devils number.You didn't ask what it meant you asked WHY is it particularly 666? Right? The number of the "beast" is regarded as 666 because it is less then god..whom is regarded to be 7 whole, perfection and purity. The beast is above man which is regarded as 555 but below god. They used numbers as symbols because communities were known to use numerology and codes when living under Roman rule to avoid persecution. No one actually reads the bible.. they just use movies as references to it. If you actually read it 666 is not as big of a deal as everyone makes it out to be. It does not necessarily mean the devil or the anti Christ but anyone who is  un pure or less then god.666, the number of the beast.Here are my notes from high school Seminary on number symbolism in the Bible (Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints). If you read to about halfway down, you can see that the number 666 is "imperfection tripled." We consider Satan is a spirit who looks like a man, and he lives in a place away from the presence of God. The reference to this is found in the Bible. I am looking at the King James version, in the last book of the New Testament, in Revelation 13:18.. . Numbers:. . 1 = God, beginning, unity, Zion. 2 = Opposition, deliverance from oppression, Christ-deliverer. 3 = First enclosed space, fullness of Godhead (Heavenly Father, Jesus Christ, Holy Ghost), Atonement, Holy Ghost (third member of Godhead) . 4 = Earth, 4 directions, 4 elements, 4 oceans, 4 seasons, mortal men . 5 = Grace            4 (Earth) +1 (God) = 5. 6 = Imperfection        4 (men’s world) + 2 (opposition) = 6.            7 (perfection) – 1 (God) = 6 (man’s imperfection).            666 = imperfection tripled. 7 = Perfection, wholeness, completeness, God. 8 = abundance (7+1). 9 = judgment. 10 = divine order, complete part of whole. 11 = disorganization. 12 = governmental unity, Priesthood, also the 12 Tribes of Israel, the 12 Apostles of Jesus, and the age a boy is ordained to the Aaronic Priesthood in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saintsits in the bible its the number of the beastREAD YOUR BIBLE!!!The number of the "beast" is regarded as 666 because it is less then god..whom is regarded to be 7 whole, perfection and purity. The beast is above man which is regarded as 555 but below god. They used numbers as symbols because communities were known to use numerology and codes when living under Roman rule to avoid persecution.Actually the Bible say that 666 is a man's number.According to Scholer, the number comes from Revelation 13:18, which says that 666 is a code for Nero, a Roman emperor notorious for torturing and killing followers of Jesus Christ. A phrase in the New Testament, in Revelation 13:16-18 says, “It causes all, both small and great, both rich and poor, both free and slave, to be marked on the right hand or the forehead, so that no one can buy or sell who does not have the mark, that is, the name of the beast or the number of his name. This calls for wisdom: let anyone with the understanding calculate the number of the beast, for it is the number of a person. Its number is six hundred and sixty-six.”Because a number of morons in powerful positions were privy to expound on their individual beliefs on Satan, signed,sealed and delivered; and expected the results to be believed by people with intelligence above their own.. I use the term "Moron" in this respect: A moron is a person who possesses a brain, but hardly uses it.. . Sadly, my definition fits a large % of Mankind.Because the Bible says soI have heard for many years....the numbers on the pope's (crown) add up to 666...I'm not trying to step on any toes here...it's just what I have heard....has anyone else heard this?because people want to think that wayI don't knpw i always known it to be the devils number i guess i really never thought about it like that thats like asking why is gods number 777 I don't know.
Go for the cheapest event management probably those who are working as a freelance.A new mobile what? I hate people that don't explain anything on here!
More bleeding heart liberals, WTF?  I am glad he is dead.  And even if he did survive the bombing which is now the story, I applaud the soldiers who were there and beat the holy hell out of him, good for them, they should be given a medal.  If in fact some soldiers beat him to death, I think they saw what a  cluster f--k it is with Saddam Hussein in court, and decided there will be no more of that bull sh-t.It's just a shame that death seems to be the only road leading to peace.  Thus is war ... imagine if these terrorists, as children, had been shown a different path with love and kindness. It's sad to think that another generation is growing up to be just as violent, discriminating, and genocidal.  It happens everyday on the streets of American cities ... a vicious cycle.The liberals were complaining why just why haven't we got Zarqawi, thats about all I heard. Now we got him what they say, did you try to help him after the bombing, its a wonder they don't ask if we read him his rights. They want to know if the poor misunderstood person suffered, which damn the luck don't think he did, except his last look was at a American soldier so I guess you can say God is good!!!I think it's more a fear that in death, he'll become a martyr for his cause and the killing in Iraq will increase rather than decline.  I don't think anyone really disagree that he was evil and inhumane and should be stopped at any cost.Many liberals are simple minded. Even the father of one of the Americans beheaded by zarqawi was blathering that it "diminishes us all' if a human is killed. His kid probably wanted to get as far away from him as possible.-If one is a liberal ( because a democrat administration was not in office when Zarqawi got it ). - It has become habit for some on the far left to give aid & comfort to the enemy at the risk of U.S. troop morale , so why should they stop now?. -To democrats ,he will be missed: this was a "Zarqawi loss"Jesus would not be happy.. . I couldn't tell you why.  Maybe He is simpleminded.  Or a bleeding heart.
Humans has always been around animals. So what are you asking?Um, its humans intruding into animal habitat.May be the same effect it had on theirs when we as humans intruded, taken over, and destroyed the animal habitats........ If we as humans quit acting like everything on this earth belongs to us, and learn to respect and care about nature as it was meant to be it could be a better place.. Every time we enter an ego system and change it, it hurts all of us humans & animals alike.Whoa!  don't we have it backwards.I read an article about some monkeys that are invading homes now, looking for easy food. They no longer fear humans because they see them all the time, and one kid got attacked.first of all human from history to here have always been an intrusion  . to the animal habitatThe problem is that you first need to reverse that...humans have throughout their history invaded on the habitats of others.. . Animals, anything response they make to this, is merely an act of survival.  Most times animals leave humans alone, but when we intrude so greatly that their area is to greatly reduced for their numbers, human/animal interactions will occur.  . . The effect?  Extinction of many species as humans tend to not think of the effects of their actions, the humans in those areas will wipe out the animals that are "intruding" on "their" turf.  That's how humans work.
It's a myth.  How to combat it mock those who believe in it and make sure they have no way of having any power.Regular intervention in the regulation of international pollution by the U.N. The U.N. is the organization that has resoponsibility over the world. That is enough motivation for the U.N.  . . Don't forget to use the SUN's energy for your needs.
Go to:. http://www.wunderground.com/global/stations/93891.html. . It has everything you want to know, and weather forcast for Dunedin.Very lovely. 75-80 F    I was there in July three years ago, and enjoyed it very much. Some rain; we did not have snow, Charming city.
Because they know they can do just about anything they want and America will continue to turn a blind eye.  If the Middle East is a brewing pot for terrorism, Isreal is the cook with the big wooden spoon....stirring up trouble.Because the Palestinians kidnapped a 19 year old Israeli boy.Because the Palestinians attacked them in some way, which was probably because Isreal attacked them before, etc.  One side keeps seeking retribution for what the other side does to them, and the vicious cycle keeps going.Because Israel wants to collapse infrastructural facilities of Palestin Border and thereby increase of agitation and restrictions in all goods supply and communicationA. Weapons factories require electricity to build rockets. B. Israel shuts down the electricity. C. The Gaza Arabs can no longer build rockets to fire at Israeli towns like Sderotbecause hammas atacked isreali check points. killed three soldiers,and kidnapped one.Because they're smart.'Cos they said they want to stop the militants to move the kidnapped soldier in another place...BEACAUSE THE HAMAS WONT RETURN ISRAELI SOLDIER AND ISRAELI CITIZEN THAT THEY KIDNAPPED!!!!!!!!!!!They attacked the power station and bridges because a hostage was taken and they were trying to stop the movement of that hostage out of Gaza.Its ok for Isreal to capture and detain hundreds of Palestinians on charge of conspiracy...but it becomes a problem when an 'Isreali soldier' (People try to mislead by quoting him as a boy even though the guy carried a gun and wudve shot on palestinians on orders) is captured.. . all those feeling 'sorry' for the 19 year old...wat about the innocent families that were killed in Gaza last week? including little playful kids?. . Pretty koool..eh?Take away their eyes, source of power/manufacturing, and resupply lines.
i agree with you. only total barbarians behead people. they call it the war on terror i guess because they are terrorizing the people of their country.Now, that's an interesting question - because that's exactly what's going on! The issue now is, who are the true barbarians? To get to the core of our problem in the Middle East; more specifically, Iraq, one would have to go back to Bush senior, Henry Kissinger, Ronald Reagan and of course, Rumsfeld. One can't properly address this current issue in Iraq without these histories (which is why the rest of the world laughs, when the USA alleges "terrorists").. . Is providing weapons to neighbors to destroy each other - remember Oliver North (Iran contra)? - so you can move in and loot considered barbaric? Is revising and re-revising rules just to suit one's interest - double standard - considered barbaric? Is dictating to others in their homeland what you think they should do, have and live their lives - Dictatorship - considered barbaric? Is sacrificing the lives of innocent civilians and one's own patriotic and/or fortune and fame seeking soldiers considered barbaric? . . Shouldn't we also put on trial for treason, impiety, fraud, etc. all the other nations?It should be the War against Islamic Terrorists. Terror is an action, not an enemy. . I've begun callling World War II, the "War on Blitzkrieg"Because big words like that would confuse the general public. Terror is much easier to understand.I heard that american eats human.. . Is this whye the american invade iraq? to eat the people?. . American are the barbarian, the ones that figt back are almost as bad.war on terror = war for OIL!!!How about barbaric terrorists?What? We're the ones who are supposed to be the warriors, they're the terrorists. We've declared war on them. The War on Barbarians?They call it the "war on terror" because war profiteers were lacking an enemy (after the "fall of communism"), so they came up with one that's quite impossible to defeat. Hence, wars will go on, and with handsome profit!. If you think you should place blame on those whose lands were invaded unlawfully, you're blaming the wrong people. . Also, FYI, most of the alleged hijackers of 9/11 fame came from Saudi Arabia, not Iraq or Afghanistan.There shouldn't be a war at all.  And calling it the war on terror is basically fraudulent.  The people we're 'at war' with had NOTHING to do with the 9/11 attacks.Bush went into office with two motives...one, pick up where his father left off, and to make more money for his already rich oil tycoon buddies in TX. 9/11 gave him his excuse. Bush doesn't care how barbaric things have gotten because he's achieving what he set out to do. He's a retard.
As usual, some drama, some negotiations behind the scene, give and take, some time to lapse to show audience some hard work...., results are predictable, why anxiety?...........take it easy!!!Because of the pressure of pakistan against it.
Just one more way the oil companies screw us over.. . Thank you.I hope you get some good answers, I have always wondered this.Because of the State and federal taxes that are added to the price.  That way they only get one penny less for every ten gallons purchased.. . For Instance in Texas, the total taxes on each gallon equal 38.4 cents, an in New Jersy it is 32.9.  Therefore the 9/10ths was established due to the fractional taxes.it's just a reason for them to round up on the number, and suck your pockets dry. )=I have no clue but i have been wondering that as well....maybe it is their way of saying " Its not $2.90 per gallon, its only $2.89 9/10."so at every 10th gallon, you save a penny... or soemthing like that.Basically, its the look of it.  2.98 a galon looks better than 3.00 a gallon.   Its a just a way  for the companies to make their prices seem not so bad.To make the price look cheaper.  275.9 looks cheaper than 276 since they make the .9 much smaller than the other numbers and hope you don't noticed it?They are too embarrassed to admit it's a whole penny extra.Well, getting screwed over is not over. I received four spankin new Pennies the other day, just after having a spirited conversation over how stupid do they think we are. Psyche. Oh, only, 9.99 not 10.00..  You are right on the money. It's Politics as usual.. . If we kept tract of how many pennies we give away, or pass on, one could add up a lot of  1/10 . One tenths.. . Or. What if, we tried to send it to the Gov't., along with our Taxes, and of course, it wouldn't be enough, never ever enough to line there pockets, and feed the Starving  at the same time.
Cause they crazy!!!!   Nobody can be compared to Aaliyah. Shes a one in a million.i have no idea....aaliyah is the shti...ciara isnt all that great. her new song gets on my nervous"EVERYONE" doesn't compare Aaliyah to Ciara. They are however comparing Ciara to the late great Aaliyah. Clearly, there is no comparing the two so they are totally wasting their time.  Ciara is still new in her career, and has only had a few REAL HITS! I can see comparing Ciara with Christina Millian, or maybe Rihanna, because they are all still new in the game, but not someone as great as Aaliyah.i have no idea because aaliyah is one and a million and ciara is really not all that.
Its the same like we only see a blue sky...our eyes absorb the light spectrum and only the colour blue stands out..same for the air , we absorb the whole  spectrum thus we can't see it ....but truly if we could see air then imagine the whole  earth draped in thick yellow( !) covert!!!Just think about this, if nitrogen is blue, oxygen is red, neon is green, carbon dioxide is black, carbon monoxide is green. the world will be in chaos! aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i dont know where my house is!!! aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh I cant see a thing! aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh. get it?because it is transparent which light just passes through it..same reason you can't type right. it was just meant to be dude.Just base on a fog, if we can see air like a fog what do you think might happen? This whole world will be in danger.You can't see god, but feel it. Likewise you cannot see air, but feel it.
What is your specialty, your interests. If you are an expert in something, sports, fishing, surfing, knitting, whatever, your articles will be more welcome. Check all the magazines, there are so many niche magazines now, there should be one that's right for your work. Brush up on your "writting" skills, always use spell check. A writing class is good because you can good feedback from others. Good luck, keep at it.jus do little things to imporve your writing.1. Make a list of things you can write about.. 2. Make a list of magazines/websites etc that publish articles on these topics. . 3. Check those magazines to see if they accept freelancers. If they do, their website should have writer's guidelines. Go through that, and follow it.You mention newspapers and magazines. How bout writing articles online? There really are many people looking for good copy writers or article writers. In the marketing world, they call them 'ghostwriters'. An excellent web site to visit is www.elance.com. (elance = freelance) On this site you will be able to gain a very good understanding of how this business works on the web. There is plenty or work and money to be had as you will see.. There is also a relatively new eBook called "Ghostwriters from the inside out" that give help you out as well.First, invest in a good dictionary.  Then a style and grammar manual.  Lastly, pick up a copy of Writer's Marketplace.. . Good luck!
you prolly have to download an attachment, like mediaplayer. click download and it will do all the work for you. good luck.When someone answers this let me know! My compute won't play DVD's anymore either....well it plays them, but they skip and the sound won't completely come out....this guy sent me something to fix it, so if it works I'll forward it to you if you wantIt usually gives you a reason of why its not working what is error message saying?could be that your codecs have been deleted or your drivers became corrupted usually happens when you download a spyware removal program or virus removal,  also might not have enouph RAM.  There are many different factors though.  Could be your video card.
well I think the black ladies have got the black mens GAME. I dont think the white girls have caught on!I find it odd, but it really doesn't matter. And you shouldn't care.are you like jealous cause your boyfriends cheating with a white girl............. cause if not you should mind your own business and let people of all color date who the want too!!!!!!!!!!! gosh......You are racist.  Perhaps they really like those women.I can't speak for all African-American men, but I'll speak for myself. I've been asked this question a lot, but only by African-American women. I've dated women from many different ethnic backgrounds- Korean, Vietnamese, Japanese,Cambodian, Indian, Sri Lankan,Afgani, Australian, Greek, Italian, Irish, Ukrainian, Russian, Mexican, Puerto Rican, Brazilian,Portuguese, Apache, Navajo, and of course, African American. . . That being said, I find that women of different cultural backgrounds have many beautiful things about them to offer. Every woman is different, and every culture is distinct. That's what makes life and love so exciting. If you love people then you must love what makes people distinct. Every woman has something wonderful to offer. Every culture has a distinct beauty to it. I've found that when I took my "racial blinders" off, and was willing to see that beauty, not only did it give me more dating opportunities (who DOESN'T want that???) but it also OPENED UP THE BEAUTY OF THE WORLD TO ME. I find all women gorgeous, and I'll never go back to being closed to that beauty.Holy racist!. . Just because you're jealous of white women doesn't mean that other people (of all races) can't look beyond skin color to see the person inside.  "Inter-racial" dating shouldn't even be a word... because race isn't relevant when it comes to love.  People can have similar interests, backgrounds, opinions, etc that are so much more relevant to their relationship.  Skin color is so superficial.why? have you lost a man to a white girl. i think some black guys are very nice. and seem to treat women like gold.because they do not act like primadonnas, like most of my black girl friends put their boyfriends thru the wringer.  The men do everything except sit up and bark, who knows they may even do that when needed.Why do you hate it?  Maybe you should go out with a white man??? ;->Sorry, darling, but some people feel otherwise...I would tell you what I think, but I'm not a black man, so I can't really speak for them.  All I know is I never intended to go out and find me one...he found me 20 years ago and we are still going strong.You really need to read your question over again and get over it. Y r u hating, for one. And 2 leave shit along that doesn't concern you. Shhhh..........don't speak u sound stupid.ya ur kinda racist...wether u think so or not..i have no problem with couple that r different colors.....in fact my dance teachers husband is black and shes white and she's one of the coolest ppl i know! so idk wats wrong with u..but w/ewhy do white men go with black women????Because it's easy for a white girl to get a black guy.  I call it easy love.  Usually the girl is insecure with herself and black guys tell them what they want to hear plus the girl gets the bonus of getting attention for dating outside her race.  I agree, black men need to stay with their own color.What's wrong with the color of our skin? I see no problem with black men dating or marrying white women. People are attracted anyone they like, regardless of their skin color ethnicity.Maybe because they realise that the colour of someone's skin is no indication of what an individual is like as a person, you'd do well to realise the same.That's a little racist doncha think? who cares skin clor should not matter if ur in love right?Stop hating! This is one big world and everyone has free choice. The same right that you have to select a mate of your choice is the same right others have. Would you prefer that be taken away?i try to keep my cool on here but you are unbelievable just checked out some of your answers I'd be surprised if you could get a date black or white so people LIKE YOU need to stop breathing air that could be used on a much nicer respectful human-bean sorry if that hurts your cold messed up feelings but hey SHIT happensBecause it's what is inside that counts!ohhh nooo,here we go,lol.me too. but im a white girl. i think that people should just stick to their own color.Honey, you'd have to walk around blind for that to happen. Face it, black guys will date white chicks b/c some of them think it's a sign of status. I think you should just date white men :)even their own type don't like themBecause White women are prettier!!!ok you sound very racist say that. not saying you are.. . maybe they just like the contrast.. i am very fair and blonde and i don't like guys who are the same... . don't know exactly why, but i like the difference between me and them. perhaps it is the same.. . plus they are obviously a lot more open minded then some other coloured people... like yourself.  they could find that attractive. People with an open mind tend to be less judgemental as well.. . i know i wont get a best answer for this, but i don't really care.u dont need to worry about it. color isnt important. love is blind. why does it matter so much to you? u know what i see? i see two ppl who love each other. if ur a hater, then keep hating. it doesnt matter tho. color is not important.People are free to choose their own friends.  . . Such freedom is guaranteed in the Constitution.  And whether you like it or not, there is nothing you can do about it.. . Perhaps you should go out with a white man and see how the black guys like it.  . . Why is skin color so important to you anyway?  Isn't your attitude a bit racist?SSSSSSSHHHHHHH! I f you start talking about it people might figure out the conspiracy to have one government, one race, and one religion (preferably none) for the entire planet. LMAOit is there choice so get over itI find nothing wrong with inter-racial couples.only FAT onesWHY SHLOULD RACE BE A FACTOR WHAT COUNTS IS WETHER HE LOVES TEH PERSON REGARDLESS OF SKIN COLOURmixed breeds lolHow bout you get over with being racist.... If someone loved another very deeply, then it would not matter about your skin color!. So does that mean if there were two puppies in the middle of the road... one a white lab the other black, you would take just save the black puppy cuz the other is white? And leave that little white puppy to die just because the color of his fur?. get over being racist!!!. :(i think they should date whoe ever they want no matter the race...im black and it dont bother me cuz i date all types of people..so maybe some black men like white women so what get over it
only for a lil' sumpin' sumpin'sure...here I go...ready...standing up....hands in air...what! what! I am sitting back down now...finishing my teaWHAT WHAT!!!!!!!!Try eBay.WHAT WHAT!!. . hehe hilarious stuff! ^_^here it is: what  whatyes if you want a what whatFor all my ladies who got love for players without dubs.When when?  Oh.....and why?what is a what?what what lolwhateverNop, they are too expensive.What is a what what, whatever you are looking for,. . Wishing you the best of luck in finding it,. . GarryYes. If you want want.
Because they are just like any other media giant. Hurricanes are a real threat to peoples lives and livelihood.They need stories to sensationalize, just like all media.All news and weather channels thrive on disaster, their ratings go up.  Prime examples: Hurricane Katrina and 9/11... who wasn't glued to the TV watching for updates?due its not my local weather and always focos on the east coasthaha cause they have nothing to do.No action, boredom sets in, same as any job.. . Not that they WANT people to die, surely!The meteorologists are dissapointed when there is no exciting weather to announce because they will receive less viewers, hence less advertising dollars, which results in them getting less pay.  At least that's what i think.I think they feel a little bit disappointed only because that is one less reason for viewers to check their status on the TV, and makes it less important things to report, but they still do feel a little relieved too.  Some reporters may seem happy when reporting good weather, it just depends.TWC reports only weather, they don't report on current events..  So no bad storms = no action = viewers clicking to another channel.They need something to talk about, plus more people watch when there's a storm out there.Because they get higher ratings when something exciting is happening weather wise.They report on the weather...what would it be like to just say sunny and hot all the time? :-)  A tropical storm/hurricane spices up their lives and gives them more work.When there are no hurricanes people don't watch the weather channel for their area.  They usually watch their local news.  So when there are hurricanes their ratings go up, it's always about money and ratings.Hehe...because they don't have exciting stories to report then.  They are stuck with telling you all about the sunny skies in your area.Simple, when there is no severe weather  the viewers go elsewherewouldn't you be disappointed? if you were a weather man  it would be a boring jobBecause like most news programs nowadays they want to report something sensational and eye-catching. And there is nothing that viewers like more than to watch someones home get destroyed. They are only responding to the wishes of their audience. They know that if things are calm then viewers will quickly turn to something else and their ability to get companies to invest ad dollars wanes. Give the people what they want so that they will stay through the next round of commercials. And unfortunately what we've shown we want is death and destruction.
Watch out for announcements of when auditions are in cities then just go-I suppose you can contact American Idol to find Audition schedule.Yeah that's right,  see how far you get on American Idol with your nasty mouth. For anyone interested in what I am talking about look at the previous question she posted.You have to go and wait in line.  It's a long process.  You first audition for staffers, who may or maynot hold you for a comeback then, if you make it through them, you get to audition in front of the judges.  . . Which really p/o off since my niece who has audition several times, sings professionally in niteclubs has yet to get past the staffers for whatever reason (they have called her back a couple of times) and you see these idiots performing on the show in front the judges.
Not sure of the exact year, but it was the late eighties anyway.  No use to man nor beast.im sure it was 1983Which half pence new or old?1983Believe it was the year I was born! 1 9 8 3about 1983
You may have been sucessful, but just can't hear it. :)B'cuz its to GAY.
It was very sad! I felt bad for everyone of those people because no deserves what happened to them. I wish them the best and R.I.P to all the victims!Sooner or later we are all affected by it in the form of higher taxes to pay of the debt the government incurred in giving aid or in reduce government services.
The Associated Press doesn't "put an article in the paper".. . You want to contact your local newspaper and see if they will publish it locally and on the AP (Associated Press) Wire.You can't unless they want to.you call your local newspaper's news room and ask to speak to a reporter. the Associated Press is a wire service, which means that articles from their member papers get picked up if they find them interesting. there's really very little that you can do to make someone write a good article except contact a reporter whose skills you trust.
This is a good way, you just did it. good luckI think that the Bubel/Aiken Foundation is a great place to start! . . http://www.bubelaiken.org/. . Here's their page on how to raise awareness: http://www.bubelaiken.org/Default.aspx?tabid=58. . I hope this helps! I think that one of the most important things you can do is to model respect and tolerance for all people, including people with autism. We all think, learn, and act differently, and autism is part of that diversity. It's great that you want to help spread awareness!u can host a charity auction and adrvertise on tvI wish you had said what city you are in.  Talk about it with everyone. let them know that you are looking for ways to get the word out. somebody will finally say "I know somebodywho can ______ .  If the PGA tour comes thru your town see if they have a way to help charities. We just got on the San Antonio event and the really cool thing is that we get to keep 100%. They do the hard work. Hosting the event and paying the expenses. All we have to do is get the money.There are some great ideas at Autism Speaks. . http://www.autismspeaks.org. . http://www.autismawareness.com/. . If you are in the UK. . http://www.autism-awareness.org.uk/index.asp. . It is a great thing you are doing... the incidence of Autism is growing dramatically and is up to 1 in 160 children now.Cure Autism Now has walks all over the country you can participate in.  You can get people to sponsor you and make donations online.First, simply tell people. Blog about it, talk about it, write stories. That will do the most for awareness- word of mouth.. . For fundraising, autismwalk.org is a great place to start. You will be able to solicit donations online safely. If you want to sell something, a bake sale is always a great idea. Good luck!Here ya' go: . iloveachildwithautism.com. They can help you get started...
Don't even think about doing it, unless you are so rich that you don't mind losing money. The way that they keep sending you Emails is they just use a different Email address to send you the messages. How they find your Email address is simple, all they have to do is go to the member directory and type in any name or a partial name and they get a whole list of people or they could be purchasing an Email list from a company.(there are many sites that you may have signed up as a member or if you have bought something online) they sell your information to companies that in turn sell lists in bulk. It is very simple to get a persons Email address, you may consider removing yourself from any directories which you may be listed in, such as the Yahoo directory and when you join a site or make a purchase, be sure that you read their privacy policy to find out what could potentially happen to your personal information.I was quite keen when i saw 200% returns but when i did a search on the website, i saw this link www.lisdsp.org - which says the whole scheme is illegal.Web bots harvest e mail addresses from all sorts of sites, and then the addresses are sold in lists. You than get all the spam!. . . The are all scams. If you want to try your luck, I have a better plan for you. Make out a check (cheque if that is the proper spelling in OZ) for the amount you were going to risk, and send it to your local cancer research group (in the US it would be the American Cancer society). If your donation leads to a breakthrough, not only are you a winner, the world is a better place)there is software that can crawl the web seeking mail address and mail ID's, not much you can do except never open the mail or respond to then and after a while you ID will be deleted from their system as being inactive or as a dead addressEmail harvesting is big business everywhere and we all suffer from it. You are no differentthey r tricky.
Are you referring to all the Nazi's that escaped to Canada at the end of WWII?   When it comes to harboring terrorists Canada can take high marks for their partCanada is a western democratic country the terrorist hate. Their policy is to attack democratic countries and to destroy  world peace.Do not tolerate themgood question, I dont see that happening,. they could just walk in and take over, No need for an attack.The Terrorist knows that the......USA......will be there to kick the torrorist butt.
solutioin to what? how is anyone going to help with just that as a question put more detail into the question.This site is a Yahoo Answers site.. For the benefit of  any users who have no idea how all this computer website stuff works, there are many hardworking unpaid answerers  available to answer questions,but unfortunately we cannot do that unless we know what the question is. . Please rephrase your question and try again.Then all those other answerers can try to help you pull up  the solution.Otherwise you can browse for website solutions at my web.sorry cant help except no what you are looking for a solution for
Because they want toIs the FDA force feeding Americans now?  I thought we still had free choice as to what to stuff in our pie holes.money...only reason I can think of
I think boys like her more because maybe she's not a self centered B**** that talks crap about other people being "thick". Remember, Better thick butt than thick head.they like who ever is giving it away and then they only like you for the moment.  I take it your a teenager.it's all in the butt
